name Tyler review this is a good test line  overallrating 5 lineend
name Jake review the product does exactly as it should and is quite affordable.i did not realized it was double screened until it arrived, so it was even better than i had expected.as an added bonus, one of the screens carries a small hint of the smell of an old grape candy i used to buy, so for reminiscent's sake, i cannot stop putting the pop filter next to my nose and smelling it after recording. :dif you needed a pop filter, this will work just as well as the expensive ones, and it may even come with a pleasing aroma like mine did!buy this product! :]  overallrating 5 lineend
name Rick review the primary job of this device is to block the breath that would otherwise produce a popping sound, while allowing your voice to pass through with no noticeable reduction of volume or high frequencies. the double cloth filter blocks the pops and lets the voice through with no coloration. the metal clamp mount attaches to the mike stand secure enough to keep it attached. the goose neck needs a little coaxing to stay where you put it.  overallrating 5 lineend
name RustyBill review nice windscreen protects my mxl mic and prevents pops. only thing is that the gooseneck is only marginally able to hold the screen in position and requires careful positioning of the clamp to avoid sagging.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Sean review this pop filter is great. it looks and performs like a studio filter. if you're recording vocals this will eliminate the pops that gets recorded when you sing.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Bill review so good that i bought another one. love the heavy cord and gold connectors. bass sounds great. i just learned last night how to coil them up. i guess i should read instructions more carefully. but no harm done, still works great!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Brian review i have used monster cables for years, and with good reason. the lifetime warranty is worth the price alone. simple fact: cables break, but getting to replace them at no cost is where it's at.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Fender review i now use this cable to run from the output of my pedal chain to the input of my fender amp. after i bought monster cable to hook up my pedal board i thought i would try another one and update my guitar. i had been using a high end planet waves cable that i bought in the 1980's... once i found out the input jacks on the new monster cable didn't fit into the fender strat jack i was a little disappointed... i didn't return it and as stated i use it for the output on the pedal board. save your money... i went back to my planet waves cable...i payed $30 0 back in the eighties for the planet waves which now comes in at around $50 0. what i'm getting at is you get what you pay for. i thought waves was a lot of money back in the day...but i haven't bought a guitar cable since this one...20 plus years and still working...planet waves wins.  overallrating 3 lineend
name G. review perfect for my epiphone sheraton ii. monster cables are well constructed. i have several and never had any problems with any of them over the years. got this one because i wanted the 90 degree plug.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Kurt review monster makes the best cables and a lifetime warranty doesnt hurt either. this isnt their top of the line series but it works great with my bass guitar rig and has for some time. you cant go wrong with monster cables.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Mike review monster makes a wide array of cables, including some that are very high end. i initially purchased a pair ofmonster rock instrument cable - 21 feet - angled to straight 1/4-inch plugto use with my keyboards, but when it came time to purchase cables for my bass and guitar i thought i'd pinch a few pennies. i am so glad i did.i compared this cable model to the more expensive models i previously purchased and, aside from looks, could not detect any difference in sound. i swapped back and forth between my guitars and keyboards, ensuring that each model was used on each instrument - still no difference.What the more expensive model has going for it is looks. i am not sure it (the higher priced model) is even more sturdy because the molded stress relief ends on this model seem to make it more reliable than its pricier sibling.bottom line: carefully compare both cables using your own instrument and amp - if possible - before making a purchase decision. you may find, as i did, that higher price does not necessarily equal higher value, even from the same manufacturer.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Christopher review i got it to have it if i needed it. i have found that i don't really need it that often and rarely use it. if i was really good i can see the need. but this is a keyboard not an organ.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Jai review if you are not use to using a large sustaining pedal while playing the piano, it may appear little awkward.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Michael review i love it, i used this for my yamaha ypt-230 and it works great, i would recommend it to anyone  overallrating 5 lineend
name Straydogger review i bought this to use in my home studio to control my midi keyboard. it does just what i wanted it to do.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Wilhelmina review i bought this to use with my keyboard. i wasn't really aware that there were other options for keyboard pedals. it doesn't work as smoothly as the pedals do on an acoustic piano, which is what i'd always used. doesn't have the same feel either. nowhere close.in my opinion, a sustain pedal like the m-audio sp-2 sustain pedal with piano style action or other similar pedal is a much better choice. the price difference is only a few dollars and the feel and action are so much better. the only thing i've found the yamaha fc-5 sustain pedal is good for is taking up space in a drawer where i keep my electric guitar pedals.  overallrating 2 lineend
name C.E. review this fender cable is the perfect length for me! sometimes i find it a bit too long but i don't mind. the build quality is great and i know that it will last. the only gripe i have with this cable is that the metal sleeve gets unscrewed way too easily, requiring me to tighten it often.sound quality is not affected, and the color is cool, definitely try this cable out.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Charles review wanted it just on looks alone...it is a nice looking cord... i know it will perform...as for sam ash ...this cord was packed in a mailer inside another box with my roc n soc... his shipping team do great work..never any complaints from me... i love sam ash.. thanks amazon  overallrating 5 lineend
name Charlo review i've been using these cables for more than 4 months and they are holding up pretty well. for years i used seemingly indestructable guitar cables that were made for me by an electrician friend. when they finally gave out, i got in the habit of using the no-name cables that are always on display near the register at guitar center- really more of an impulse buy than something i put any thought into. after the third or fourth guitar center cable failed from light use i decided to try these cables. not only are they cheaper but they seem to be holding up better. i am not terribly hard on my gear but my cables tend to get twisted as i move around and the cheaper ones eventually fail mid-cable. i don't mind spending a few extra dollars if the cable is a little more durable. this cable is actually cheaper- $12 or so shipped- and it's holding up pretty well. these are actually very reasonably priced for 18' cables. there is some kind of limited life warantee on this product but i haven't needed it. five stars for a nicely made 18 foot guitar cable that costs $12 shipped!incidentally- these cables are shielded and are meant to connect your instrument to your amp's input. do not use these to connect an amplifier to a speaker cab. you want to use unshielded cables for that purpose.edit- more than 6 months has passed and this cable is functioning without any issues. the price on these things has gone up significantly and although the cable is highly recommended, there are probably better values from hosa, monster or planet waves-  overallrating 5 lineend
name GunHawk review fender cords look great and work just as well. by adding the word california to the description i'm sure to sound like the beach boys...  overallrating 5 lineend
name MetalFan review this is a cool looking cheap cable which works well. i bent one of the connectors pretty badly but that was my fault. one thing to consider with the cable is to tighten the connectors once in awhile. you'll be able to hear them rattle. it seems that the 'retro' look is screw on connectors over some black rubber, but other than that, the cable looks cool and works well.i also have the shorter red cable which goes with one of my guitars perfectly. i bought theses to use while practicing with others who use black cables. it's easier to plug into different amps without cutting someone out by accident. the green cable is good for that.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Ricky review the fender 18 feet california clear instrument cable - lake placid blue is a very good extra cord for a good price.  overallrating 5 lineend
name WBowie review very good cable. well made and it looks great with my candy apple red tele. the reason i gave it only 4 stars is because it tends not to lay flat on the floor.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Amazon review got this cable to run a rockband keyboard controller to my m-audio profire 2626 to control midi in pro tools. works great! firm fit, solidly molded ends, reputable branded cable.(a bit on the thin side, but i haven't seen to have any issue due to this or anything. couldn't go wrong for $5 at the time of my purchase and prime eligibility.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Ann review when i was searching for midi cables for my art x-15 foot controller, i came across these hosa ones, and they were $2 dollars each! as they are now $6, i realize i would still be happy with that price as well, as they are high quality plastic and metal connectors, and work flawlessly. you must realize that they are only 5 feet, as i overestimated it and now wish they were longer. for any connection from racked sound modules, this will be perfect.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Michael review cant go wrong. great quality on a budget price - hosa is the go to when you need to hook things up  overallrating 4 lineend
name Pat review the ends of the midi cable look and feel like quality. connection is secure, no worries about uneven connections, it also detaches without a hitch. highly recommended.  overallrating 5 lineend
name tada review just trying to find a midi to midi was a task, and you have to make sure the pin config is correct. this one is a good product and works just fine  overallrating 5 lineend
name b review the hosa xlr cables are affordable and very heavily made.i have a large mixer and rack and cables everywhere.i decided to purchase shorter cables and the hosa cables 5ft measurement worked perfectly.you really will not be disappointed with these.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Dan review i bought these to go from my board to the amp. we use them for a mobile church so they take a beating. they are still going strong.  overallrating 5 lineend
name David review sturdy cord and plugs, inexpensive, good value. i don't require professional-level equipment, so this cord serves my purposes well. satisfied with purchase.  overallrating 5 lineend
name G. review use it every week at gigs. solid, no problems with the solder joints. a good quality cable at a very good price.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Gutjammer review hosa products are a good bang for the buck. i haven't looked up the specifications, but i'm guessing the wire is 22 to 24 awg, but since it's only 10' long, it's good enough.  overallrating 4 lineend
name hcross review this was exactly what i was after. i have a voice touch and needed a small cord to connect the mic to the voice touch and this was perfect. before i used a 20 foot cord to go about 12 inches. i highly recommend this for those who keep the mic on a stand and have a voice touch or other stand connected device for vocals.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Johnny review i bought these because i really had too long of mike cords for my solo live show. and these are really nice cords if you have a home portastudio recording studio like myself. who needs all the spaghetti to trip on all over the place? i bought two because i use a digitech live 2 harmony processor and two xlr mike cords are required to make it operational. good price here too. hard to find just 10' mike cords. usually longer ones are only obtainable.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Lee review this cable seems like it will last me for a while. as it is only being used to connect a di box it will not get abused as much as the vocal mics always do.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Mark review these are not the greatest but they're cheap and they get to you fast when you need them. i've only had one fail and i've bought many of them to use in our broadcast studio.amazon is the first place i go when i need cables for audio, video, computers or concert lighting.good music to all!  overallrating 4 lineend
name Rick review this is a fine cable at a decent price point, nothing exceptional mind, but it gets the job done well enough.  overallrating 4 lineend
name R. review i've used a lot of cables and i always come back to hosa, they are indeed some of the best audio cables in their price range on the market.  overallrating 5 lineend
name S. review i bought this cord after returning a cheap one that i should've known better than to buy. my son, who has some experience as a musician recommended the hosa brand when i was seeking a proper replacement.i bought it for a small home recording setup which includes a behringer c-1 condenser microphone and a behringer xenyx 302 mixer, and both ends make a reliable connection to both the board and the mic; the sound quality is excellent.an excellent value for the money.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Vince review nice solid cables, with excellent support at the ends. should last a lifetime of usage no problem and just what i needed to connect my tube preamp.  overallrating 5 lineend
name A. review if/when it breaks.  overallrating 5 lineend
name airchamp review realtively inexpensive patch cable for electric guitar.i have had it for a few months and so far it has held up pretty well  overallrating 5 lineend
name Amazon review i bought this because i wanted a cheap replacement cable for one that had a short. i'm pleasantly surprised with this cable. it's decent sound and decent build quality, for a good price.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Ann review this is a very nice cable for the price. i already bent one end of it though, fortunately it still works fine. inside the phono connector the wires are covered by white shrink plastic. haven't noticed any hum or crackles. for sure a good buy.  overallrating 4 lineend
name aspiring review cheap and good texture rubber that does not get stiff. only time will tell how well the soldering is. sounds fine to me.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Bilbo review seems sturdy enough, and no noise issues, so i'm pretty much satified with it; it doesn't leave the house so i'm not asking it to handle a lot, but with reasonable care it should last a while.  overallrating 5 lineend
name bradley review i'm not a professional, but have been playing for many, many years. this is the best cord i've ever had, though i'm sure eric clapton has something better.  overallrating 5 lineend
name C. review this hosa cable is very well made, with good quality connectors and a nice long length. my son is expanding his collection of amps and effects pedals so needed additional cables to get everything connected. this 25' cable gives him flexibility to move around and it is sturdy enough that it can take being stepped on and pulled around.the cable works well and is a good value for a decent quality cable.highly recommended!cfh  overallrating 5 lineend
name C. review i didn't expect this cable to be so thin. it's easily 1/2 the thickness of any guitar cable i've used. not sure about long-term durability or signal loss/interference. if i had the foresight i'd spend a couple extra bucks on a thicker cable. still, it works and was inexpensive.edit: 6 months later and it's dead already. wire frayed at the right angle jack. you get what you pay for.  overallrating 2 lineend
name C. review bought this for my daughter along with her new guitar. it seems to work well, no issues in the first couple of weeks.  overallrating 5 lineend
name David review it hums, crackles, and i think i'm having problems with my equipment. as soon as i use any of my other cords then the problem is gone. hosa makes some other products that have good value. but based on my experience i don't recommend this one.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Dr. review i am not hard on cables. i typically just plug them in to my guitar, dont move around much, and play for an hour or two a day. this one seem to perform just fine. no buzz, and/or other noises noted. i have several of them and they have all performed well.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Dr. review i have found hosa cables to be an excellent value. more expensive cables may be more rugged, but for the price, i'm very happy with the hosa's i have purchased.  overallrating 5 lineend
name grandpa review this is good cable. excellent 1/4&#34; plugs. the lugs and solder joints are covered with heat shrink material, which will hold everything in place for years. grade a+ cable at a very affordable price. definitely going back for more. the 25 ft. cable was only a couple dollars more than 10 ft.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Guitarslim review pretty crappy cable. it works and gets the job done, but after purchasing this product and using it, i will shell out the extra bucks for better quality.  overallrating 5 lineend
name guitfiddleblue review will be usefull to you.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Hagen review this my second hosa guitar cable. (the other one is shorter.) like my first hosa cable, this is a high quality item. i'd definitely buy more cables of this brand.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Hans review works for practice ... it's a guitar instrument cable, what can i say ... maybe not the best but it serves it's purpose.  overallrating 3 lineend
name IBZANE review these cables have taken a beating the last few months, and have served me well with no problems..Real metal ends, not molded on, with high quality silicone jackets and strain reliefs at the connectors..  overallrating 5 lineend
name James review in my opinion it does not hurt to have extra guitar cables around. from experience they tend to just die without notice. i have a feeling this one will last a long time. it is built sturdy and sounds really good.I recommend this product.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Jim review hosa guitar cables work great. never had any problems with them. i own several of different lengths and they all sound perfect.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Joe review this product does exactly what it is supposed to do at a decent price. i have absolutely no complaints. this is my first experience with the brand and i am not disappointed.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Joe's review .for now, i would say, buy one!!joe  overallrating 5 lineend
name Joe review this is a good solid cable with no problems. when i'm on stage, i like a longer cable but at practice i don't need all the extra length tangleing up on everything...  overallrating 5 lineend
name jschristian44 review this guitar cable is very nice. it looks high quality and has the white ends. fantastic deal for this cable.  overallrating 5 lineend
name k2review review good product at a good price. have used it multiple times and works well with my guitar and speaker. great to have when friends come over to jam.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Kenwood review this item is well built and i like the terminal ends and how they have the spring built in. these aren't going to be the most durable road cables but for home and light road use they will work well.  overallrating 5 lineend
name kyle review this amp plug is great for the price its 10 ft long the perfect size for jammin at home and it has a quality look to it aesthetically totally worth the price  overallrating 5 lineend
name Lee review hosa cable gtr210 guitar instrument cable - 10ft. is a high quality instrument cable, but low cost, won't break the bank. i'm very satisfied with my purchase.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Lee review ...unbalanced guitar cable is notoriously noisy especially around florescent lights. these are no different. i would prefer to use cables with better shielding but cannot justify the expense considering how rarely these things get used.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Loveguitar review this is your basic, black electric guitar cable but it works great. so far the connections at both ends are solid and the sound from the amp is great! nice and rubbery and 10 feet is long enough. if problems arise later with this cable, i will update this review, but as of now there has been no problems whatsoever with this cable.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Mark review hosa cable quality can be all over the place, some of their products are good (sound good, reliable, long lasting) and some of their products are not good (affect sound negatively, break prematurely, short useful life span).these guitar cords are actually quite nice, they feel good (gooey soft rubber jacket like mogami), they sound good and so far they are working reliably, the rubber jacket is about .25&#34; in diameter (by eye) and there is a short heat shrink overwrap to add strength where the wire enters the plug.i bought these when i needed cables fast for an internet concert, we had lots of pedals and signal splits to connect up. these cables arrived in good working condition and we've been using them continuously since.we have over a dozen tube amps and are very particular about sound degradation but so far these cables have not disappointed anyone.i would buy more if i needed them.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Matt review it's a cable, no frills, tangles pretty easy and due to it's design it might rattle a little when you move around but it works like it should  overallrating 3 lineend
name Michael review i never really considered a cheaper cable, i was always taught to get the best i could afford. when this showed up in a cable search on amazon, i jumped on it. i figured i had nothing to lose.to my surprise, this is an excellent cable, with good build quality and a strong, thick jacket that inspires confidence. the sound through it is identical to my monster cables, and it cost one quarter the price....hmmmm, guess i should have tried to figure this out myself instead of listening to &#34;snobs&#34; for so many years. i will never do that again.this is worth the money twice over, try it out for yourself and kiss overpriced cables goodbye!  overallrating 5 lineend
name MJK review one end was loose, so i tightened it, it keeps coming loose so i had to put a dab of crazy glue on the threads, hope i don't ever have to open the end for repair.  overallrating 3 lineend
name M. review for the price, fantastic.they do feel light and i don't trust the build quality at the key stress points (where cable meets connector), but then again i am not going to push it.set your guitar down on it by accident when it's plugged in and...who knows.but for seven bucks it gets the job done. recommended if you are doing the \"beginner\" thing and testing the waters.otherwise, spend a few more bucks for something with higher chances of lasting.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Nick review hosa makes good stuff, this is no exception. i've trusted them for years, i can't think if a single hosa cable i've owned that's failed.  overallrating 5 lineend
name patriotsarebest review only complaint is the size which is my fault. if you can buy at least a 15 foot if you plan to use it on stage.  overallrating 4 lineend
name pops review hard to day too much, but it works great. no issues to speak of. it does the job perfectly well  overallrating 5 lineend
name P. review for the price, this works really well. i see no faults. it can unscrew pretty easily, but this is hardly a problem right now.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Quaestor review this cable disproves the notion that you get what you pay for. it's quality outweighs its price. let's face it, a cable is a cable is a cable. but the quality of these cables can vary greatly. i replaced a lighter cable with this one and i was surprised at the difference in the quality of the sound from my amp. i have an ibanez art series guitar into an ibanez 15 watt amp set up in my home. with nothing changed but the cable, there was a significant difference in quality and volume. so much so that i checked with my guitar teacher who said he was not surprised. the quality appears good. the ends are heavy duty and the little bit of hum i had due to the proximity of everything was attenuated to the point where it was inconsequential. i've seen more expensive cables and this one is (so far) great.hosa gtr210 guitar cable 10 ft  overallrating 5 lineend
name Quique review i was looking for a long cable to perform live with my band and i'm glad with hosa quality. it feels reliable and without adding noise.  overallrating 5 lineend
name RAYON review these are good cables at a good price!! not sure they would hold up to heavy use, but for practicing at home they are really great!  overallrating 5 lineend
name R. review very sturdy, high quality with little to no feedback, i use it for performing for my friends and they all love it  overallrating 5 lineend
name Richard review unless you're going to go for the very top of the line most expensive professional chords, these will do for any medium sized venue.  overallrating 5 lineend
name R. review i have many lengths of these hosa cables and have neverhad a problem with them.i am not an active musician, so have not put any of them throughthe riggers of what happens on stage; so i cannot comment on thistype of usage.in my over 40 years (10 of them on stage) i have come to realize, thatyou should always have extra cables (just like strings) with you, aseven the most expensive cables will sometimes let you down.  overallrating 5 lineend
name S. review i've been using these for about 3 weeks now - they are strong but flexible and don't seem to develop kinks or bending \"habits\" if you roll them up the proper way.i've seen and used some better cables but not at this price point. and i've certainly seen quite a few worse! this is a pretty good sweet spot, in my opinion.  overallrating 4 lineend
name synthezatory review i'm a pro-cheapo and i hated this thing. they're noisy, and the cables feel really cheap, gummy-like. drop few more bucks and get something else!  overallrating 1 lineend
name Tom review works great on my 100 watt amp. almost compares to a monster cable. and with its length its plenty of room from your guitar to amp. good product!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Truvor review good cable, as good as any expensive brand. thick, a bit stiff and seems to be shielded. no complaints at all.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Wesley review i own lots of hosa cables they are cheap and quality is there. i've only recieved one bad cable out of around 50 or so. i use a lot of these guys and if they work when you get them, they havn't failed yet.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Bob review it is a decent cable. it does its job, but it leaves much to be desired as far as structural integrity is concerned. the mating part of the connector jiggles back and forth. the switch is also loose. the connector will move around 2mm out of the microphone without the switch being pressed.'i would not recommend using this cable for critical applications. it would be more suited to home or hobby use.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Christian review the cable is great for connecting directly to the computer microphone to record live without a console or mixer...... its great i recomended  overallrating 5 lineend
name J. review bought this to hook up a beta 58 to a panasonic g2 dslr and a kodak zi8 for interviews. works the way it's supposed to. 90 degree trs is a nice touch. good price.  overallrating 5 lineend
name L. review just received this cord and it seems to work as expected. what can you say about an adapter cord? it is well made, good construction and sound from my dslr with my mic is superb.  overallrating 5 lineend
name S. review if you're like me, you probably bought this to hook up an xlr microphone to a digital recorder or a pc.it works fine for the handy type recorders.but forget hooking this directly to a pc. way too much noise.  overallrating 4 lineend
name S. review i bought this for my canon vixia hf g10 video camera and a shotgun mic that i recently purchased for it. i needed a 12&#34; wire for it to be a perfect fit from my mic (which is mounted on the mini advanced shoe) to the microphone plug on the video camera...the wire on this thing is not 1 foot long. the actual wire is under 8&#34; long itself. i would have returned this thing but it was cheap enough that it wasn't worth the hassle... i'd have rated it 1 star, but i tried it on my nikon d3200 (shoe mounted shotgun mike) and it worked out ok. still a tight fit though (since there's only 8&#34; of wire)...i'd recommend anyone looking for a short cable go with a 2' adapter; worst case scenario, you can zip-tie a loop instead of getting angry that it doesn't fit.also, not sure if it's the wire (so this didn't affect stars) but i hear a hiss when recording. again; unsure if it's the way the wires are stretched out to the max on the dslr or not (or my shotgun mic).  overallrating 2 lineend
name tada review well made, xlr 3 pin adaptor to mini. needed to get a real XLR mic into the computer and this did the job.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Jason review the listing for this item can be confusing if you are not sure what stereo xlr is. stereo xlr is meant to be similar to your stereo headphones, where left and right are separate unbalanced wires. this cable is configured to be a stereo unbalanced xlr to a stereo unbalanced trs cable. this item is not a mono balanced xlr to a stereo unbalanced mic cable.a little bit a soldering can fix this connector by moving the red wire from ping #3 to pin #2 with the white wire. pin #3 then ties to pin #1 with the ground wire.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Mike review first, the reasons why i awarded this five stars: the construction is uniformly excellent. both ends have strain reliefs, the 1/8\" connecter perfectly mates with the plug into which i insert it, and the xlr end is a quality component.i purchased this specifically to transform the third channels in mypowerwerks 50 watt personal p.a. systeminto something more useable. this greatly expands the functionality and versatility of the portable pa by allowing me to plug in another mic. since i have three of those units daisychained i was able to significantly enhance the entire system with this simple adapter.another reason why i love this is it's noise free. in some environments in which i play there are sources of electromagnetic interference that cheap cables will pick up and transmit. i have not had that problem with this one, so it's another plus.overall i am very pleased with this adapter and actually purchased a spare in case i damage or lose my primary one. it's a bit pricier than others i considered, but i feel that the quality and peace of mind are worth the premium.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Rexomus review i use this cable to run a extra line from microphone podiums to a zoom h1. this adapter has never failed me and has been instrumental in capturing quality audio at live events. i own several of these and love them.i highly recommend this adapter to any visual or audio professional. also check out hosa's sinlge xlr to double xlr splitter.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Rob review this adapter cable for stereo mics to work with small dv cameras will function but with caveats.first, it's construction is pretty light weight. that means you will have to be \"gentle\" with it when using it. that's something none of us in the broadcast production field want to worry about since our gear gets pretty beat up.second, the adapter only has a one foot in length cable on it. this is pretty short and may not reach to wherever the mic input jack is on your camera. that means you would need another short xlr mic cable to extend from the mic to this adapter.so just be aware that this may work fine for some and not work at all for others. i went to sam ash music and found a similar adapter cable, heavy duty, and with a longer cable for the same price. it pays to shop around!  overallrating 4 lineend
name TriggerHappy review well made. works as it should. however, seem to be getting a little bit of noise from a shotgun mic straight into a d800. (more than the usual expected)to see if it was the mic, cable, or adapter; tested it going straight into a zoom h4 recorder.seems to be a little but more noise going through this adapter cable than straight into the xlr input.no big surprises. minor clean up in post.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Alfredo review haven't used it yet but if it's like the other cables i have from the same company, it should work fine.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Bmkeener review great stereo sound out of the keyboards.my keys had a single 1/4&#34; stereo out so this cable was needed to get it to convert to a true 2 channel stereo so we could eq it properly and it worked like a charm. i highly recommend this cable.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Captn' review another quality product from hosa. just what i needed for an insert patch from my mixer to eq. i always like slightly longer length as i can always zip tie back but hard to stretch! no noise from this cable!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Darren review when i ordered these i wasn't expecting a whole lot since the price was under two dollars for a nearly 10-foot cable. it turns out the quality is quite excellent and these cables are not flimsy at all. i plugged them into the mixer and waited to hear some static, interference or buzz to explain the low price and all i got was a nice, clean signal. highly recommend these to anyone with a mixer that needs an insert cable.  overallrating 5 lineend
name David review ers wondering if such an economical cable could be any good, but i trusted their judgment and gave these a try and so count me in among those who weren't sure but have become convinced that hosa knows how to make a great cable, and to do so without the need to charge monster prices.  overallrating 5 lineend
name HMMWV review on my mixer, i have send/returns on the same plug using a 3 wire trs with send on the tip, return on the ring, and a common ground. but my effects boxes like to have separate 1/4\" tr ins and outs.this is the perfect cable for just such a hookup of things like the behringer sharkbehringer shark fbq100 automatic feedback destroyerto the 1202-vlz3's send/returnsmackie 1202-vlz3 12-ch. compact recording/sr mixeri probably will order a second cable having seen how well the first one worked out on a send/return.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Lee review i still operate in an analog environment quite often, so i end up using lots of inserts. i have 8 channels of compression, limiter, gate and expander, plus various eqs and effects processors that need to be routed and applied to specific channels. i have an insert snake that i use as well, but the individual insert cables (of differing lengths) that i carry are lifesavers that make me a more efficient soundman during setup and a more flexible soundman during the show!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Markcm review i use these in my home studio as inserts and they work great. no complaints.On a side note, i always clean all my cables with caig deoxit gold g5 spray contact conditioner 5 oz.and hightly recommend it to all musicians, you will hear the differnce. i also spray a q-tip and and clean all the jacks on my guitars and instruments.  overallrating 5 lineend
name N. review when you need an audio insert cable, you need an audio insert cable.we custom manufacture insert cables for custom sound-reinforcement fixed installations. for mobile rigs, such as mixer cases with processing gear, it's simply not cost effective, and hosa is our go-to brand for reliability and durability. there are other brands, but our reputation is at stake.hosa allows us to maintain our good reputation, while lowering our labor costs. thanks for such a dependable product, hosa! thanks for such a great price, amazon!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Cooper review i play my i-pod through a small guitar amp. great way to wake up the kids. works perfectly for the purpose. keep in mind small end for i-pod is stereo and large end that goes into amp in mono. if needing a stereo jack at both ends get something else.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Dad review plugged it in and it works to connect a mono line out to the stereo input on a lepai amp. not much else i can tell you  overallrating 5 lineend
name E. review i bought a few of these to hook ipods/iphones to live stage sound systems, most of which are not in stereo anyway, so why use stereo-to-mono adapters or 2 separate channels when it's not needed? perfect solution, seems durable.  overallrating 5 lineend
name JdoubleH review i carry this in my bass gig bag so i can plug my phone into the mono aux-input on the back of my genz benz bass head. handy for rehearsals when the band needs to listen to a track while working out an arrangement (my bass cab is full range fearful 15/6/1). before picking this up, i used a couple of cables / adapters to go from stereo 1/8&#34; to mono 1/4&#34; and it often seemed i never had quite what i needed on hand.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Jeffrey review ed.)  overallrating 4 lineend
name John review it's hard not to love a cord that carries electrons all the way to the end. not sure what, other than complete failure would take stars away.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Josh review cables are cables. they usually all work. and with amazon, you will always find the best deals for the same quality.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Adam review picked up a cable to test on my new pedalboard, and i couldn't be happier. doesn't suck tone, cables are sturdy, and they sound great. this replaced a normal straight 1/4 inch cable and saves so much space on my board.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Amazon review this l Jack is good enough to make connections between my guitar pedals and it works fine. flexible enough. i don't like only the fact that it's made out of plastic and it looks cheap, but for the price i paid for it i don't really care.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Astraeus review these little patch cables work nicely, there's no change to your tone or sound and they connect one pedal to another just fine..i'm only going to make one small complaint and explain why it got 4 stars instead of 5. the product description says 6 inches, right? if you jump over to these link removed planet waves patch cables they're listed at .5 feet (same as 6 inches, right?) the hosa cables seem more like maybe 4 inches, whereas the planet waves cables gave me plenty of room from one pedal to another. i only used the hosa cable as an emergency back up.to conclude, would i recommend these? yes, if you have one or two pedals and need an affordable small and effective patch cable, go for these. but my first recommendation will always be planet waves cables over anything else.  overallrating 4 lineend
name AT review if you need some 6\" cables to connect your pedals, look no farther. these cables are perfect. they deliver good sound, are very small, and very cheap. what more could you ask for?!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Cheri review bought this hosa pedal cable for our son to interconnect his guitar pedal. it works well and seems to be durable. it hasn't given him any problems so far. it doesn't appear to change the sound quality or tone. great product.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Chris review good little connector cable. well constructed, durable, built to last. i would recommend this cable to connect stomp boxes. worth it.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Dan review these are great cables. the only con i could give is if they go bad...no opening up the ends to fix them, but in my experience they are durable. most people are using these on a pedal board so there's not a lot of movement to wear them down.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Franklin review works just fine, great for little spaces between one pedal to another, if there's more distance, better use another type, bue generally works fine and it's a good quality product, clean signal no problems  overallrating 4 lineend
name Greg review s to add good ones....  overallrating 5 lineend
name guitarman6730 review these are great patch cables especially for the price. they don't suck any tone they are reliable(i've had mine for 2 years)and are really great for players on a budget.  overallrating 5 lineend
name jim review these cable came super fast in the mail, they deliver the level of performance you would expect form low cost cables. they work  overallrating 4 lineend
name Joe review this is a very good cable. i don't forsee having any problems with it. it's just right for hooking my pedals together eithout the mesws of long cables. if you need this get it. the price is right and shipping was right on time.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Marc review this is not the fanciest cable you can buy, but it fits my low budget. it works perfectly, it doesn't feel like its going to break anytime soon, and my pedals are perfectly connected.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Mick review i typically use planet waves cables but tried these and there just as great. never an issue. no loss of tone. never breaks or fails. quality product for a good price.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Peter review really just some inexpensive and yet durable cables to link your stompboxes together. as of yet, i havent had one go all crackly, which, considering they get frequent use, is pretty good. often, cheap cords die within a year or so. every electric guitarist keeps a stock of these things, and this one in particular is cheap and accessible. i probably have around twelve of them.enjoy!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Shad review hosa patch cables are the best for the buck. great sound and flexible. i'm a firm hosa cable fan. love these little guys.  overallrating 5 lineend
name S. review these have a lower profile and can fit and bend into the places the ones with thick metal ends can't.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Andytoy review i bought 6 of these xlr to 1/4&#34; adapters hoping to connect my microphones to an old funky mixer i owned with 1/4&#34; inputs. it didn't end up working because i discovered i needed to convert the microphone level to line level (which these don't do), however they do convert xlr to 1/4&#34; balanced quite well. just not what i needed in my particular situation.  overallrating 4 lineend
name D. review i use this adapter on the interface/mix board end of 1 channel of my xlr cable snake, to change 1 channel into my monitor return. i plug an xlr to female 1/4\" stereo adapter to the other end to create a headphone jack at the musician end of my setup. now i can record with 6 channels, and monitor with 2. (it's an 8 channel xlr snake). why do i go through all that you ask? because i have an 8 channel xlr snake, and instead of buying another snake, why not ADAPT the snake i have? hence the word adapter... :-p i love it. it's a great tool to add versatility to your setup, no matter what you're doing. definately recommend this product to anyone that would happen to need to change an xlr to balanced 1/4\" stereo... it's high quality, and very solid, i definately expect this to last me a long time.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Jazzgryl52 review i purchased this to work with my ion system and my shure mic. arrived as expected, very solid great fit. it works!!!!  overallrating 5 lineend
name johns3620 review this has come in handy many times in my studio z108.net. we love having it around. good quality affordable price.  overallrating 5 lineend
name J. review as the title says, it works. the only reason i took off a star is sometimes it gets a little stuck and i have to use some force to get it off the xlr. but, no issues besides that.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Kyle review this converts an xlr signal (for me, a shure sm57 mic) into a 1/4 male (i run it into a guitar pedalboard and then an amp). have no issues with performance but the converter is a little bulky especially once you clip a mic onto that. could be tight fitting into certain places on a pedalboard but works great overall.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Patrick review i got 3 of these to plug xlr cables into the 1/4&#34; jacks on my board. i got it because my board only has 6 channels with xlr inputs. none of them work. perhaps i got the wrong thing?  overallrating 2 lineend
name Rick review its affordable and it works. its a nice little adapter for your low impedance cable to your high impedance input.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Wayfinder review for the price, can't beat it. works as well as any $15 - $20 one i would have bought at local guitar stores.  overallrating 5 lineend
name zdeptawa review just a basic female xlr to 1/4 inch male adapter. i use these so i can plug my regular mic cables into my keyboard/practice all in one pa.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Andytoy review i bought this xlr splitter to split the lead vocal from foh to my monitor rack. used this way it worked great and i never had any problems with signal loss or power issues. i began using a transformer isolated xlr splitter after we started playing bigger venues and no longer use this splitter. my only issue with the hosa y splitter is that the cable length from the female connector to the male connectors is very short, so short that it would cause the microphone cables to stick out from the mic stand when i plugged it into our lead singer's microphone. it would be great on a guitar mic or something that's close to the ground, or horizontally placed, but it looks a little funny coming off of a vertical microphone stand.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Anthony review as expected from hosa another great product. solid construction and great sound reproduced. i would recomed this product to everyone.  overallrating 5 lineend
name etcwhatever review i use this to run a single, mono xlr shotgun mic line to two audio channels on my tascam dr-40, which saves me a step in post-production. the quality is fine and it does what it's supposed to do. good price for a good product.  overallrating 5 lineend
name ffsalsa review if i didn't think that purchasing these items from amazon i wouldn't do it, plus and more important i have worked as a purchasing coordinator for over 25 years now i know how to save money and if purchasing that are great and believe me or not I can find even cables that i can't find in radioshack, best buys no where else, i have done a lot of purchasing not just for myself, but for business. these ladies and gentlemen know what they are doing and they know how to take care of business in the right way, i would like to apply for a position with them.regards,ffsalsa  overallrating 4 lineend
name Indie review this is a solid product. i ended up not needing it so... i returned it. however, it worked fine and gets the job done.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Rexomus review this dual splitter works perfect. i own a live event video company and i shoot a lot of weddings. the most important part of video is the audio. you can make anything look good as long as you can get a good clean audio signal. i always say, half of video is audio. for years i used to run a line directly out of the dj's mixer to get my audio. the issue with doing it that way is during introdustions you will get the music the dj is playing and the words they are speaking. often though, the signal is to hot, the music is crap, or the dj says something stupid. with just the dj's voice i can edit the way i want and compress time. this product has improved my productions beyond it's price sold. i use them to run a separate clean audio line from a dj's wireless systems to my own audio recorder. they work perfectly and haven't failed me once.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Bassman review this was recommended to me by the top engineer at genz-benz bass amplification company. andy said that this product is far superior to any other. he was right. fixed the scratchy potentiometer on my shuttle 6 amp. also fixed the effects loop jacks, which had become oxidized and were causing my amp to intermittently lose 90% of its power on gigs. not good! after several gigs worth of testing, both problems are resolved! andy said that this product actually works better over time once it has been applied since it has a lubricating, cleaning and coating effect on the components. wow! and no, andy does not own stock in, have affiliation with, or represent in any way the manufacturers of de-oxit. nor do i.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Carlos review this thing is like a magic spray! hah!seriously... i used this on noisy hinges, car doors, etc.i really bought it to clean the pots (volume controls and knobs) on my guitars, pedals and equipment. it really does work and gets rid of the static noise you get when you turn your volume control on your radio or guitar for example.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Carlos review i bought this product to use on my amp pots. it restored the sound,power and clearity of my amps.it doesn't evaporate right away, but after a couple of minutes your good to go!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Charles review back in the 1980's i bought a can of deoxit(not the right name but can't remember it) which worked much better and cost much less. it was made for the military. the spray has 3 levels but the low is still way to high. it does work but the stuff i used to have was much better. i don't see much else out there so i may have to stick with it.it is just very wasteful for the cost. i have had good luck with wd40 too, but it is very flammable. i would call it average.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Charlo review before you pay some tech to fix the knobs and switches on your guitar, stomp box or amp, try this. 95% of the time, this will take care of the problem. if your amp cuts in and out, also try spraying the effects loop and pushing a 1/4&#34; jack in and out of the socket a dozen times. the very first can i bought probably paid for itself a hundred times over. good stuff !  overallrating 5 lineend
name Christopher review i deal with quite a bit of electronic musical instrument gear from guitars, basses, amps, fx, midi gear, etc. over time most of it starts suffering from scratchy / noisy pots (knobs), input and output jacks that are crackly, etc.in the past i've tried some locktite electronics cleaner, which is provided in a similar can. it would rarely work.in contrast this has cleaned every piece of gear i've used it on saving me from having to physically replace the pots and jacks. it's really like magic in a can.  overallrating 5 lineend
name David review i was getting errors that my printer cartridge wasn't recognized and i sprayed some on the contacts and wiped off the excess with a paper towel. now it's working!  overallrating 4 lineend
name Jeff review this stuff works great and is well worth the price, i used it to clean the pots on several guitars and a bass amp along with various effect pedals, no more scratchiness, no more jarring volume spikes, all my knobs glide now better than the day they were new, i'll always keep a can of this around, nothing more to say, great stuff.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Kurt review fantastic stuff....i sprayed it in my bass guitar's pot and now its like new. wish i had found this stuff sooner.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Michael review what was it, brillcream? a dab will do ya?something like that -this is all you need for contact cleaning. worth the coin.  overallrating 5 lineend
name rusty review i've got an old mesa boogie that has developed scratchy controls over the years.this stuff cleaned most of them out pretty well but my midrange pot is starting to crackle again.i hate to tear the chassis out again but it'd gotta happen  overallrating 3 lineend
name R. review i used this on my guitar tone and volume pots and it clears up the crackle.feels a little oily, but gets the job done and you don't have to replacethe potentiometers.  overallrating 5 lineend
name SRR review use this alot on all kinds of electronics. it gets crackling knobs going again. i've use it for years. recommend  overallrating 5 lineend
name Timothy review the pots on my bass has become &#34;scratchy&#34; so i sprayed a bit into them, turn the pots back and forth a few times and no more noise. great for what i needed.  overallrating 5 lineend
name David review for the money, this karaoke mic does a decent job for any vocal use. good to keep as a spare in the gig box.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Gomer review i was truly surprised when i saw how nice it was, has weight to it ,and has good sound , looks nicely made,very good deal for the money,,can't go wrong,, (not a very cheep made microphone ,, much better then i thought it would be ! ) its nice,  overallrating 5 lineend
name James review the only reason i give 4 stars is because i ordered 2 of these and 1 had the chord with it and one was missing the chord... i ordered both at the same time, other than that they are good hot mics...  overallrating 4 lineend
name Jhoc review we bought this mic and a spare for our son's guitar amp set-up for his mixer. it seems to work fine, and comes with the mic cord, we decided to go for the model with the on=off switch based on other reviews, and haven't yet been disappointed.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Samuel review as a freelancer, i occasionally work with a band that plays the midwest, performing on a near-weekly basis. these are seasoned veterans who have no interest in gear per se and even less interest in brand cachet. it's all about money to them. i couldn't believe it when i first saw the group using these nady mics (even lower-priced several years ago) and insisting they were as good as shure sm-57's and 58's. i still don't believe the quality of workmanship compares (any casual empirical test of build quality will prove as much). but these nady's handle the announcing, the vocals, and, when needed, the softer sounding instruments (flute, harmonica), and none has broken or quit on my watch.i'm a keyboardist, so mic power and fidelity don't affect me. i'm only a trifle mortified when there are musicians in the audience who catch on to how cheap we are when it comes to the all-important \"gear component.\" at the same time, my embarrassment, i confess, is not unmixed with a bit of demonic glee. after all, who's playing--and getting paid for it?  overallrating 4 lineend
name Shastastan review we bought this mic after seeing how our grandson was handling the mic that came with the karaoke machine thinking that mic would not last very long. i hope it does because this nady sp-4c is a very impressive mic for the price. we our using it with our roland cm30 cube and plan to use it with a roland micro cube also. i would have given it 5 stars if the cord connection to the mic was not a little loose.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Andytoy review i bought this cable for my band's live show setup. i bought it almost a year ago and still currently use it for the same application. while not the best quality cable, the length and price make it a good value for the money, especially if you're buying several at a time. i don't use these cables in the studio but for live, they're fine. i'd recommend this cable if you're on a budget and looking to buy several at a time. if you're only going to buy one, i'd look into canare or mogami, they're a little bit more expensive but easy to get and worth the price.  overallrating 4 lineend
name C.C. review if they're used for live performances they will not last very long! good for the price. i need to resolder the ends after a concert though.  overallrating 4 lineend
name G. review there's nothing complicated about this purchase. it's a cable. it works. it doesn't cost a lot. it's a great deal. get it.i use it every week, and it still sounds perfect. then, again, i never mistreat my equipment.  overallrating 5 lineend
name H. review i bought this cable in order to be able to run longer cable runs on stage. it works for that. it's a narrower gauge of wire than some of my other cables, and that makes me a little cagy about its durability. i tend to use it for cable runs where i don't expect a lot of movement (e.g., running a cable to a mic stand) and save my better cables for the belt pack mics.the jacket on the cable has a very pronounced butyl rubber smell, and it really activated my allergies at first. i stored the mic cables in an open cardboard box for a few months before using them, and that seemed to help a lot with the rubber smell. not everyone has allergies, so this might not be an issue for all folks--but i couldn't use these cables for anything near my face for the first few months.they're cheap and they work fine. i haven't noticed any sound issues at all.  overallrating 4 lineend
name karaoke review i've had this cable for awhile and i'm not too impressed with the quality. the plug and jack look cheap and the cable is thin. i use it at home on a practice mic and it hasn't had much of a workout. i don't think it would hold up long on stage at a venue.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Paul review these cables are a little thin compared to hosa and gls. they picked up a little interference from other equipment as well. guessing they are lacking some shielding.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Charles review the gain on this mic isn't the greatest, but for speeches and soft recordings: this guy can handle it all very well!  overallrating 4 lineend
name D review i have a few shure sm58s which cost more. i like the open sound of the pg48 but vocals seem to break up more at higher volumes than they do with the sm58s. i like this mic ok but the sm58 is worth the extra money i think, especially if you expect to push its capability.  overallrating 4 lineend
name DonJr review i only do test recording with this digitally to get a better idea of my learning process from the other side. it gives a clean crisp reproduction of every flaw i have.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Hambone73 review i use this for video exchanges on a guitar instruction website. it's perfect for vocals, podcasting, video recording and so forth. shure makes excellent stuff. what's also great is you save some money as an xlr cable is included. i'm very happy with this purchase.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Phaeton review 4 stars instead of 5 only because this thing won't tune your guitar or carry your amp. i use this solo, in a duo with a bass player, in a trio with drums and bass. i have a regular gig at a medium sized club that is basically one large room. i use it through a pyle pro self contained pa into which i also plug my martin grp elec/acoustic. the sound quality is excellent. the volume seems limited only bny what the pyle pro will put out. i would have no hesitation using this for bigger rooms with a full band and pa. i haven't heard a hint of feedback and the on/off switch is a plus.the 36.99 price might seem to good to be true but think of the things for which we are paying less for than we used to. i bought a 32&#34; toshiba flat screen for around 230 bucks, think of what that would have cost even five years ago or less. the same is true of a lot of audio gear. a lot of companies are bringing high quality elctronics and music to the market but it's great to have a company like shure make something so good and so affordable. they have always made a high quality product and now they have one that almost anyone can afford. i cannot recommend it strongly enough.  overallrating 4 lineend
name AncientRocker review so far, i'm very happy with this microphone. tone quality is fine and does everything i need it to do for backup vocals in my band. although a longer cable would be nice, it's great a cable and was included in the package.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Applewhite review it is so hard to get an honest review of any mike that isn't a shure sm58. this is considered the gold standard by which all others are measured. of course at least part of this reputation is deserved, but perhaps more for the durability of the sm58 than its sound. i have a couple of sm58s and a couple of pg58s. i was considering the sm48, but the pg58 has slightly better specs, and almost identical price.the first thing i noticed out of the box was that the pg58 is slightly bigger and slightly heavier. it also has a different switch than the sm58. the metal screens protecting them aren't interchangeable. i then plugged in one microphone cable so the settings would be identical. i tried both mikes, one after the other, first with speaking and then with singing and playing guitar, and then i changed the settings, or more specifically, the effects and the eq on the pa. i repeated the experiment, speaking and then singing while changing between mikes.here's what i noticed: the sm58 is slightly flatter in the mid range. the pg58 is slightly brighter and has a touch more presence. they are about equal on volume. the slight differences in tone can be easily manipulated with an eq or just ordinary tone controls. neither was susceptible to much feedback or vocal pop.i haven't tried out this side by side comparison in a live situation or even in practice, as it's too time consuming and interferes with playing. it's difficulty to judge in those situations too, or at least awkward, but i have used a combination of the two in practice and no one seems to be able to tell the difference, except one person actually expressed a preference for the pg58, but that could be just the settings.i looked at the specs for the two mikes side by side. the sm58 is a little flatter in response, especially at the high end, over 10k hz, and it picks up a few db before the pg 58, somewhere between 50 and 60 hz. however, since the human vocal range is generally between around 300 and 3000 hz, neither of these seems likely to have much effect, although the sm58 might be a tad more responsive for a bass singer.i also tried out two different behringer mikes and a radio shack mike. the behringer 8500 was totally outclassed by both of the shures, sounding tinny and thin and with little presence or volume. i tried out a behringer 2000xm and was impressed by the similarity. these mikes sound almost identical (the b 2000 and the shure sm). the behringer 2000xm seems to have been discontinued, though, and replaced with the 1800xm, an inferior mike offered in bundles of three for under $50.i then plugged in a radio shack mike that was a spare backup, not even taken out for practice. the model number is 33-3001, probably also discontinued. this was an excellent sounding mike, with good volume, presence and tone.i didn't have any other mikes to test in this side by side experiment, but i did reach some conclusions:there is quite a bit of snobbery in choosing microphones, with the shure sm58 held up as some unreachable standard. they are sturdy, and they are good mikes and the price is not unreasonable, at around $100. however, there are other microphones which sound nearly identical and are also sturdy and reliable, at lower prices, including the shure pg58, and most likely the sm48, though i didn't have any of those to test.i wish more people would give unbiased reviews based on actual performance instead of condescension toward those who are either on a budget or looking for alternatives to the standard bearer. i'm giving this 4 stars only because i haven't had enough time to give an evaluation of how this holds up in comparison to the sm58.  overallrating 4 lineend
name David review this microphone is great for singing with a pa and an electric guitar. i sing worship/praise songs and southern gospel and it is very smooth in the mid range and when you get up close it enhances the bass nicely. i don't think it is the same as an sm58 but it is exactly what i need. built to last and it is a shure.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Handsome review just got this, have used it for recording and rehearsal, it works well so far and i will revise the review if that somehow changes in the next few years. right now, though, i'd say great product.  overallrating 5 lineend
name karaoke review i bought this one to replace a shure 8900. it's a big step up from that one. i am pleased with it. the old one had a lot of handling noise. this one has a little but it is very good for the money i paid for it. my next one will be an sm58, but that will be awhile from now. i'm very happy with this pg58.update:december 2012the handling noise is definitely something to consider. it would keep me from buying another one of these. other mics i own don't have this problem to this degree.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Samuel review i started with the shure pg58 and most recently acquired the shure sm58. i'd probably be all too ready to agree with those who argue that a neumann or telefunken mic costing 5 g's simply isn't that much better than a nady mic costing 10 bucks. but with respect to the shure, i'm less sure that the sm58 isn't worth 40% more than the pg58. perhaps if you have a sufficiently high-powered and \"clean\" amplifier and have tweaked the eq settings to favor the frequencies of the human voice, the two mics could be mistaken for one another. it was my attempts to occasionally use an instrument amplifier as an emergency p.a. that led me to realize the pg58 sounded somewhat muted and dull compared to the sm58. switching to the more common, admittedly more expensive mic, gave me just the extra gain i needed along with added crispness and clarity to the voice (at least for announcements).p.s. i notice that the head of the pg58 is larger than that of the sm58. since the rise of the \"digital audio workstation\" (who doesn't have a computer with free, included garage band on it?), large, even gold-plated, expensive-looking but cheap mics are on display all over the place. despite appearances, when it comes to mics, size doesn't matter--except for appearances (directors of high school show bands will dispense those headsets that wrap half-way around the face, knowing that the girls in the front-line think they're cool--they look just like madonna'a or janet's headgear). some of the best mics are tiny, with an opening the size of a pin-hole.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Yeemeister review good mic for simple live stuff that isn't too expensive. it gets a good clear sound and has an on off switch that helps with all kinds of things  overallrating 5 lineend
name Amazon review this is a proven classic. using it to mic my mesa boogie mark v 1x12 cabinet. sounds fantastic and is solidly built.  overallrating 5 lineend
name andrepilla review this is the #1 mic you should get, recording or live, instruments or voice, it always come through with a great sound and seems almost indestructible.looking forward to work with it on future projects, can't believe it took me so long to get one of those  overallrating 5 lineend
name David review although this mic is now considered primarily an instrument mic, that was not always the case and i've actually preferred this same basic design for live vocal use since 1970 when i bought my first one which was then known as a \"shure model 545 unidyne iii.\" that mic got stolen about 2 years ago, but remarkably was still working at the time it got boosted and i was still using it when i needed one with an on/off switch function. i've owned or used countless modern day sm-58's and sm-57's along with dozens of other mics over the years from all manufacturers. i have a fairly deep baritone to bass type voice and i don't need to get closer than about 7 or 8 inches to a sm-57. to me the sm-57 sounds similar to the $469 shure sm-7 studio vocal mic if you put a windscreen on it and get about 2 inches away. i'd only use an sm-7 in a studio environment though because they are slightly more fragile and over four times as expensive. by design the sm-58's require you to get much closer to the mic to get a full range sound than with the sm-57's. i prefer the sm-57's over the sm-58's for vocal use because they sound crisper on the highs and they sound fuller on the low end. the sm-57 sounds more natural on vocals and never sounds muddy or muffled. the sm-57 has one of the most pronounced proximity effects of any mic i've ever used. if you tend to shove the mic down your throat you may benefit from the less dramatic proximity effect of the sm-58. if you are ever going to use an sm-57 for vocals i'd recommend buying the shure a2ws windscreen with it. that genuine shure windscreen fits precisely and locks securely onto the sm-57. the sm-57 will pop like mad without one. the only possible drawback to the sm57 as a vocal mic is that there is no model available with an on/off switch these days. i can't find a modern sm-57 with a switch anywhere. however, if you've ever tried using a mic when you forgot that the switch was in the off position it probably just became a liability. for my money, the sm-57 is the best all around microphone of the past two generations for stage use and some recording purposes. for studio vocals i'd use an sm-7, which really doesn't sound all that much different from the sm-57 when the built-in variable eq on the sm-7 is set the way i like. the sm-57 and it's predecessors are to me the best all around microphone since 1970 and certainly the most enduring and durable. you can not go wrong unless you get too close with no windscreen.  overallrating 5 lineend
name J review good all around mike. if you are looking for a solid mike to start your studio, i recommend this one. best used for guitar and mid range instrument recording but not bad on vocals. best mike for the price and purpose.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Jorge review seriously? the shure sm57 sets the standard, which by all other instrument microphones are judged.no kidding. they work great with guitar (for a real acoustic guitar sound, drums, congas, tablas... you name it.. if it's an instrument the sm57 delivers.i hear it's good for vocals as well. when the president gives a speech, the sm57 is there.in my experience a vocalist better have above average pipes to use the sm57. the sm58 is better suited to those who lack vocal projection (most wannabe's).for instrument sound reinforcement... bar-none... the best.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Joshua review if it's good enough to track tom petty's vox on the heartbreakers albums, its good enough for the rest of us. sounds great on amps and perc. dropped one from a 12 story building a few years back into a parking lot and it barley dented the housing and still works 100%. my drummer still uses it on his kit and i never told him haha (hope he doesn't read this review!) it's a shame the new mics coming out (wireless stuff they make: ie presentor, pg seies, digital series etc) are such flimsy pieces of garbage. this is the last of the cool from shure.  overallrating 5 lineend
name J. review there's a reason every mic cabinet has at least one of these (and if it doesn't, it should). this is a great all purpose dynamic mic, i use it for instruments, vocals, even field recording sometimes. the sm58 has a frequency response that is supposed to be more tailored towards vocals, but that doesn't mean that the 57 can't handle a voice. they're pretty much the same mic as far as i'm concerned, and for the average amateur recording engineer or home studio practitioner i think you'll find the same thing. and if you're operating at a level where you refuse to use them interchangeably, then you probably already know what you're looking for. i'll be getting a 58 to add to my personal cabinet soon, but if you're like me and wanted to spend more on a nice condenser before filling out your dynamic mics, you can't go wrong here.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Lee review i use this to mic snare drums and sometimes guitar cabinets. it works as well as most mics and is more durable than most. i have used this in the studio when nothing else was available and it worked fine. as long as i run sound for a living i will keep some of these mics.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Rob review considering that the sm57 was introduced to the world in 1967, a year after the shure sm58lc shure sm58 vocal microphone, i guess the 58 gets batman status, relegating the 57 to that of robin. but that's not really a fair assessment considering the 57 and 58 were developed at the same time, and except for the 58's acoustic foam lined cage pop screen, the two mics are identical electrically.the sm (studio microphone) 57 was designed to begin it's life in a recording studio, as a dynamic microphone used to mic the ever increasing volume of rock and roll amplifiers, drum kits, etc. in that capacity, it had no use for the pop screen of it's cousin the sm58, still one of the most sold vocal mics in the world to this day. so the sm57 slimmed down and even though it's still a fine vocal mic, you'll see it used mostly mic'ing instruments, which it excels at.one of it's long time and most important roles has been the official podium mic for the white house. a pair of sm57's is always seen on various white house podiums for press conferences and there is even a vip bundled kitshure sm57 vip dual microphone kityou can buy for this exact type of use.the sm57 is an extremely rugged mic, built to tough standards and can take lots of road abuse. that's one of the things that makes it popular with touring bands and sound companies. and on top of that, it's just a great sounding mic for the price.there is a performer seriesshure beta 57a microphonethat looks very similar to the sm57 but the beta 57 has a different mic capsule and transformer and sounds different. so make sure you try before you buy.bottom line is the shure sm57 is one tough road mic that sounds awesome and is not overly priced. a best value for sound companies, home studio recordists and touring musicians.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Steve review i use this for recording guitars as well as live vocals. i've knocked this microphone around a decent amount, and it is plenty rugged. i couldn't be happier with it.  overallrating 5 lineend
name T review this mic is well made (heavy on the mic-end). however, i have yet to try it with my multi-track studio.  overallrating 4 lineend
name A. review i bought this for my teen son for christmas. he loves to play his bass and sing along. he had a different shure mic and it was totally flat compared to this particular model. nice and clean sounds, plus it seems pretty sturdy. we did get him a mic stand and it fits on it perfectly and stays put. shure knocked this one out of the park.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Charles review these are my preferred mics for practice and gigs... an all around tough mic....great for all your needs...i highly recommend them..  overallrating 5 lineend
name Clayton review the industry standard for live performance, the sm58 has withstood the test of time and for good reason. these are the only microphones that i perform with, and the on/off switch makes it easier so i don't have to power down all of my gear when i am done practicing...i just turn the mic off.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Daits review it is not a bad mic for the price ( if you want a real good one with studio quality mic it would cost over 600 bucks) but it is no comparison to a studio mic since i have worked in a recording studio. now, you need to decide what you want, getting a studio mic alone does not give you the result you are looking for; it is like having hd tv and bd player but playing an ordinary cd. you would have to compliment the mic with many other products like a studio quality mixer, speakers and so on. if you are a home or hobby user, then go for this mic. this mic is quite good for its price. i would probably say, it exceeds your expectations.arrived as promised in a frustration free packing. also, make sure you buy a foam mic hood for the mic to save it from unwanted dirt and spit.the only reason i did not give 5 stars is , mine had a little dent on the body ( may be due to transportation) but it has nothing to do with the function but just the looks.  overallrating 4 lineend
name dashreeve review how do you review an sm58?? i've used these most of my life, and will continue to. very durable, i got this to replace the same, a 20 year old, rusted / dented grill 58 :) i also use a d5 (akg - same price) and a line 6 wirelesss, but the 58 is always reliable first choice or backup.  overallrating 4 lineend
name David review the first rule of microphones is that, \"no one microphone is perfect for every purpose.\" rule two is, \"experiment with different mics in different applications to find your signature sound.\" i've used shure sm58's along with their ancestors and relatives back to 1968. i primarily used them for broadcasting and recording spoken word content but i have used (and still do use) them for singing some back up vocals.the sm58 does one thing well and that is vocal performance when used very close to the mouth for public address use. some people, me included, actually sound better and more comfortable in a live performance setting when using another mic, the shure sm-57. the sm-58 is a very good vocal mic and for some people probably the best choice. for example, anyone who can not resist putting the mic right up against their lips while singing will probably want the sm-58. people with softer or weaker voices will want the sm-58.the sm-58 is highly directional and has a noticeable yet manageable proximity effect (which means the bass increases the closer you get.) this mic does not pick up well from much over 8 inches away. the reason so many singers think you are supposed to shove microphones practically inside your mouth is because the ball type shure vocal mics require you to get them very close or they don't sound right. on the other hand, the sm-57 sounds best several inches away from the user's mouth and works fine up to 12 inches away. while the sm-58 is certainly the number one professional pa vocal mic, there are precious few other uses for it because it has a colored sound with a prominent frequency response boost in the upper midrange plus a sound source has to be very close before it is picked up clearly. it works ok for conga drums and the like, but the sm-58 is about the last thing you'd want to use to mic a sax or guitar. personally these mics are not the best for my mic technique or the basic nature my voice, but for some people they sound great. the live vocal mic that works best for me is the shure sm-57 with a windscreen. however for other people the sm-58 works better. it depends on your voice and what you want the mic to do. if you have a very deep voice, the sm-58 might be the second best choice after the sm-57 which has a better low frequency response.one certain advantage of the sm-58 is the excellent gain before feedback capability. this mic can be turned up louder than almost any other mic without that annoying pa squeal. another advantage of the sm-58 is that it is still available (at a slight extra cost) with a built-in on/off switch. the sm-58's ball shaped grills are very sturdy and even if you should dent one you can get a replacement which screws right on for about ten dollars. i've seen sm-58's dented, rusty, dusty, smoked up, spit into, with pieces missing and slammed into a hardwood stage with the full weight of a boom stand adding mass to the fall and yet i've never seen but one stop working and that malfunction was due to an on/off switch that got dirt in it.all the pro-line shure mics are top quality. the pro line shures also hold their value well. if you buy one and decide you don't like it, you can get about what you paid for it on ebay. i would compare as many mics as possible before buying one. senneheiser's evolution mics sound really good too and are worth a look. the sm-58 will be the number one on-stage vocal mic for the foreseeable future because most people follow the crowd instead of actually trying out different mics and picking the one that works best for their particular voice. these things are so durable that even if they stopped making them today they'd still be around for another 20 years at least.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Federico review legendary performance indeed! works perfectly, extremely easy to set up, very good sound, good price, that's 'bout all you need to know!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Humbrecht review great all around mic used for vocals. no frills, tough as nails, and great sound for live music. if you're buying your first mic (or switching from a cheapie) and intend to use it for singing/vocals, this is a mic that any musician would probably recommend without hesitation. i've never used another one since the first time i switched from a cheaper mic (that came with some bundle) 10 years ago. i depend on the smoothness of my vocals to carry off songs and this mic reproduces the warm sounds i like perfectly. you can stand 3 feet away and really wail, or get up close for some bass response, or anything in between.the sm58-cn comes with the mic, 25-ft cable, cable tie, carry pouch, and mic clip. the standard sm58 does not have a switch (one less thing to break and i don't miss it) but the sm58-s does have it for a few dollars extra.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Javier review i've just got the shure sm58 microphone.as expected, this is a real workhorse of microphones; the sound is clear, crispy, robust, high quality product.also, i've bought it at amazon and they sold through j&r; music and computer world which is an excellent supplier. they shipped in less time than expected.i'm a really happy customer now.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Jazzgryl52 review no complaints here! the quality is great! the sounds is excellent! and my voice sounds wonderful and crisp. use it all the time.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Joyfulsinger review a nice addition to my recording home studio! i recommend it for any one who records ballads or light classical music.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Lee review this mic works better for some people than others. that being said it is the first mic i put in a lead singers hand upon meeting them. if it doesn't sound good then i try something else. i have no complaints it is my go to mic.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Li review i bought two microphones, a akg d5 and sm58. i like akg d5 a little better than this because the vocal sounded a lot clearer and crisp on the akg.the sm sounded muted compared to d5 without any sound modification out of box. the output is also a little less sensitive than the d5.however i like the look of sm58 and it seems to be extremely durable.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Rob review in the immortal words that john cameron swayze used when hawking his timex watches during the early days of live television, the shure sm58 vocal mic fits perfectly into that same category.before i found a career as a film and television sound recordist and mixer, i played in rock bands and did live sound mixing. one of the very first mics we truly fell in love with was the sm58. introduced by the shure brothers company in 1966, the sm58 quickly rose to become the industry standard in rugged road mics that actually sound good to the ear and are nearly indestructible.the mic capsule is of cardiord (heart shaped) design which helps reject sound from either side. there is a 4k bump in it's frequency which helps vocals cut through stage noise. construction is rugged, frequency response is 50 to 15,000 hz, and the capsule sits internally on a foam shock mount to help isolate it from handling noise.we used to joke about the sm58 in that if you needed a hammer and you couldn't find one, just grab one of these, they are that tough. i've seen some of these on the road that you couldn't believe still worked, but they did and sounded great.the cage style pop screen gives the sm58 not only it's distinctive look, one that influenced many other mic brands from the day it was introduced, but it's part of the functionality. internally lined with a layer of acoustic foam, the cage helps keep vocals pops from getting to the dynamic mic element. as a frame of reference, theshure sm57lc shure sm57 cardioid dynamic microphoneis the same exact mic and capsule, but without the pop screen.shure also sells a performer series mic, theshure beta 58a supercardioid dynamic microphonethat looks almost identical to the sm58 but uses a totally different mic capsule and transformer and has a different sound so try before you buy.the shure sm58 is still considered the industry standard of live performance mics today and for the price, they really are a good deal.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Samuel review i made the mistake of thinking i could save forty bucks and get by with the shure pg-58. i'm no vocalist but occasionally need to do announcements or accommodate a guest vocalist through an instrument amp (rather than a p.a.). whatever the reason, the pg-58 simply doesn't have sufficient gain or oomph to be of much use with the roland cube / peavey amps i try to employ it with (i use a 1/4\ review cautioning the consumer to be wary of \"this seller.\" perhaps a good point unless it's in reference to amazon prime, which is the shure sm-58 of commerce: competitive prices, no postage, easy returns. but anyone who returns an sm58 probably had no business buying it in the first place. they are the populous drones of the industry, invariably purchased by professionals who know first-hand what they're getting--reliability and virtual indestructibility. in fact, it's the very popularity of the sm58 that has led to all of the slightly less or more expensive imitators. consumers require choice, but with the shure sm58 there need be none.]  overallrating 5 lineend
name Stabon review there are plenty of flashier - prettier - modern-er looking or more nostalgic looking microphones out there. its all just so much marketing garbage. these mics are the best mic for the buck out there. anyone who claims to be able to tell the difference between this and far more expensive ones is blowing smoke up your a .  overallrating 4 lineend
name T review the mic is well made (heavy on the &#34;mic&#34; end), but i have yet to try it with my pop filter and multi-track studio.  overallrating 4 lineend
name aceofbase review this is a well made, low noise and low cost cable. unless you make a lot of money with your recordings, this will do just fine!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Bobby review didn't know what to expect for under $10, but it proved to be worth the gamble.this cable appears to be well constructed and it works fine for me(amateur use, infrequent setup/teardowns).it's a decent 15 feet long, and has a locking button on the female end.i'm quite happy with it.  overallrating 5 lineend
name C.E. review i use this cable for small home recording projects. i do not take the cable around to gigs or shows, as i am pretty sure it wouldn't last longer than a few months of heavy use. the sound quality is fine and the metal connecters feel a little bit flimsy. if your looking for something that is cheap and will do the job, this is your product.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Daits review received it in time, standard blister packaging but the cable stopped working after 45 days. since i was out of 30 days return time, sent an email to the manufacturer but no response till today.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Dan review these things are terrible. one wouldn't fit in my soundboard, another wouldn't lock in my mic. plain and simple....if your looking for crap that doesn't work....buy this.  overallrating 1 lineend
name David review pay a couple bucks more and you get one from a brand like audio technica and you know it's going to withstand the test of time. mine is working fairly well but the attachments are loosening so who knows what's next.  overallrating 4 lineend
name HMMWV review everyone develops personal preferences over time for one reason or another. i have a personal preference for the xlr ends with the really fine threaded plastic cap on the outside (first to slide down the cable) with a 4 legged gripper underneath that slides next down the cable and pinches down as you tighten the plastic outer cap into the metal housing with the solder contacts causing the gripper to strain relief most cable diameters. unfortunately that design isn't used here, but i chose to award the 5 star rating for value because you get 15' of good quality shielded cable with 2 xlr ends (m and f) for well under $1/ft.as for pinout it's straightforward, pin 1 is tied to the metal grip and shield and connects between both ends, while pins 2 and 3 are run isolated between both ends. the end design chosen uses the single set screw connector (the tiny one that gets lost so easy if you need to take it apart) and the rubber bumper design on the back which i haven't had the best of luck making quick changes in the field with, however for interconnecting equipment on a temporary basis these cables are an important starting point of any audio engineer's kit because they will be used not if but when the need arises.another favorite of mine is the 6 pack of 3 foot male to female cables which do use my favorite xlr ends mentioned above, which amazon will rush you:gls audio 3ft patch cable cords - xlr male to xlr female black cables - 3' balanced snake cord - 6 pack- these are very easy to open an end, change phase, lift ground, or input someone's oddball source signal. having 6 on hand means you won't quibble over cable costs before the show starts and that channel will be in the final mix.back to pyle's product here, i basically took away 1 star for not using the easy to open and re-wire xlrs but gave them a star for value in the product since it's 15 feet long and will reach between my mixer and most anything else inside the booth for under a buck a foot. it's also great when someone yells \"it's too short i need a cable stretcher at the podium!\" and quickly adds 15 feet of noise free movement to a stage snake that either wasn't planned for or got moved/quit working. for the price they have saved many installations from being torn up or rewired which means no surprises opening the next showing.i finally equipped my cable kit with the usual xlr to rca, 1/4 trs, hi-z transformers, and the above mentioned 6 pack of 3 foot cables to quickly gain access to the xlr terminals if need be, plus 2 of these 15 foot cables mainly to solve distance problems, and a roll of gaffer's tape for good measure to prevent tripping hazards. i used to have 2ea 50 foot xlr cables but no sooner than the box was opened one became a permanent addition to the stage snake so now i have one left for my kit. with all that i had to build an emergency xlr to 2.5mm ts all metal shielded connector for a mike input on short notice so a soldering kit with misc plugs got added to my cable bin. even though all this was under $100 it has saved the day more than once and made the show go on, so a bit of \"what if\" thinking and judicial purchases can make you look like the miracle mixer in the black painted room and justify your existance when the owner's daugher's toy musicbox becomes a channel in the house mix thanks to some quick cable magic.my last cable advice is never deconstruct something you custom made. it will no doubt be needed again, and since you made it you'll know why, how, and where it was used before, thus you save time not recreating a past fix rather pulling it from your magic box of tricks and solving the problem. people think you can hook anything up where others tried and failed furthering your staff position. my only exception goes to cables that violate every standard and didn't serve to fix the problem like that phase reversed ground lifted xlr 4 pin stereo y splitter to dual trs female cable i made for the harmonica duet where the performers had nose rings and lip bars pierced and kept getting static with their mics when they held the harmonica up to their jewelry. i chalked that up to being part of the intended musical signal, wondering just how much it hurt to play with all the piercings scraping along the harmonica when i setup my monitor speakers to listen to just that (stereo) channel in rehersal at the console.  overallrating 5 lineend
name James review this is a great chord for anyone needing to not spend the money on a high quality chord... it's no PEAVEY but it works just as good...  overallrating 5 lineend
name John review the product feels a little on the \"cheap\" side, but definitely does the job the way it should- so that's all i care about. it was cheap, and came fast. i recommend it.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Jon review i bought a pair of these cables and they work just fine. there doesn't seem to be any noise and they seem to be built to last. they do what they're supposed to do.  overallrating 5 lineend
name L. review this was one of two i purchased. also bought the 25' length and used them on an assignment recently. they fit my rode mic nice and tight, other cords i have bought didn't and the sound quality is excellent. if amazon allowed a link i would give you a link to a video i just finished on the independence of the seas. go to my website and look for it...ipa impress dot com  overallrating 4 lineend
name P. review not much to say other than it's a good cable. good solid connections with no play. after consistent use, it's going strong.  overallrating 4 lineend
name R. review no complaints, it's quiet enough and the price is right. is it a monster cable? no, but it doesn't cost as much either. i've used this on lead vocal tracks into a studio condensor mic for professional album sessions and it was fine.  overallrating 4 lineend
name R review well made and the perfect length for my needs. the shielding was great as well. the end connectors were well made and strong.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Sessue review i purchased this to connect a sennheiser e825 mike with guitar amps. this requires, of course, the addition of a 1/4 inch adapter plug. the cable itself has worked perfectly and proved both durable and of a suitable length at least for jamming with friends and playing in small venues. recommended.update: i marked this product down one star after a connector fell apart during what i regarded as relatively light duty. the set screw fell out and could not be found. i've had similar problems with other pyle products. if you buy them, i recommend tat you get a micro-screwdriver set as well so that you can tighten te connector screws before you have a similar xperience.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Tommy review like most products on the market, depending on where and how the item is used, your experience may vary. for me, this cable is going to be used on a semi-stationary mic stand in my project studio, and thus far, it's done nothing but an exceptional job. i tested the cable with a few different mics and in each scenario, the signal was just as strong as the some of the other, more pricey cables out there. would i purchase this again? absolutely!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Top review the extra length gives me more flexibility and maneuverability. cord works well and hasn't been any problem, to date. plugs directly to the system, or my mini-amp. works well.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Youngblood review i have to tell you guys, these xlr cables that i have received recently are by far the best quality cables i have ever encountered in my entire music (professional) life.i would suggest these cables to any one of my colleagues.  overallrating 5 lineend
name aceofbase review got a packet to try but i found they are better than the gator screws that came with my case! my equipment is very secure. highly recommended.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Bmkeener review they are screws. they screw in and hold things. to say that they did less would've gotten the 1 star. i like them.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Captn' review good quality rack screws that come with rubber washers to protect face of equipment. arrived ahead of estimated arrival time which is always nice.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Cefer review excellent rack screws with washers. its fit very good to rack holes. good presentation and well packed. i will buy again.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Dad review so far the ones i have used have all threaded nicely into our 16u rack. there are exactly as described and do the job. what more can a guy say about a little box of screws? maybe i should post some pics of the little buggers in action?  overallrating 5 lineend
name Erosvin review pros: they look very nice. they cause much less wear than the 2nd hand rack screws and washers.cons: more expensive and i had to wait a few days longer than it took my rack equipment to ship.i'd purchase these again, but i now have 25 but only need 16 at the most once my rack is filled.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Jhoc review i replaced all the stock mounting screws that came with our sound rack cabinet with these, as they were nearly invisible with the black rails and mounting plates. the plastic washers also seem to protect the finishes better than metal washers on the equipment i mounted. inexpensive, and worth it.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Joshua review donr be fooled by the imitations... should be their slogan. there are some real junky ones out there and these are great, love the washers, life savers. thanks!  overallrating 5 lineend
name ~ review great rack mount screws. rubber washers are perfect, lets it give your item that tight fit without worry of the screws working out any time soon. i use them on my portable desktop rack with my mobile dj equipment and they have held strong.  overallrating 5 lineend
name N. review other than that, when you need 10-32 rack screws, these are the real McCoy. wide enough pan to grab the ear, narrow enough to clear that next piece of gear! thanks, raxxess!  overallrating 5 lineend
name overbybr review there are other rack screws out there, but raxxess makes the best quality screws and soft washers available.  overallrating 5 lineend
name R. review survives the censors just know that these are great screws when you run out of the original screws you were supplied with your new rack. they work.  overallrating 5 lineend
name B. review mics are like pants, you have to find the right fit. this one i like for my vocals live. i sing fairly low and airy - works great for me. also used to mic resonator guitar through a tube mic preamp live, very sweet sound. i prefer it to the 58, seems a bit more bright and natural. might purchase another one eventually...  overallrating 5 lineend
name Johnny review why drive a pinto when you can drive a cadillac? this is the industries best mic as far as i am concerned. i had a shure sm 58 like everyone else owned but there is no comparison between this mic and a sm58. sm 58 is garbage compared to the beta 58a. spring for the extra bucks and be happy. that's what i always say.  overallrating 5 lineend
name kannibul review i have one of these, as well as several other microphones. the sm58 is a good all around mic - the reason it's an industry standard/go-to, but the beta 58a is a better (in my opinion) vocal-specific mic...basically giving (again, in my opinion) a higher quality sound. the sm58 by comparison sounds muffled/muddy, where the beta58a is clearer, stronger, and more articulate. if you're used to the sm58, then the beta58a can sound thin and harsh, but, that is adjustable at the board - end result is that it's a tighter sounding mic with more clarity.pattern-wise, it does better at rejecting unwanted sounds - i play drums and use this mic for that reason, is that it picks up less of my drums than a sm57 or a sm58.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Lloyd review yes, it costs considerably more than the sm58 and i'm not sure if i could pass a comparison test between the two, but i love this mic! to me, it sounds slightly brighter and clearer than the 58s i have used in the past. if you are a musician who is strapped for cash or trying to make ends meet, get the 58. if you have the extra dough and want a confidence boost, go for the beta. i would buy this again.  overallrating 5 lineend
name meongski review i'm an amateur sound tech. we've been using sm58 in our church for years now and our singers/song leaders liked it very much than the other mics that we've had before. our singers are growing and we needed addtional mic so we thought of this beta58a because of the good reviews. when i received it i cannot wait to test it myself and whoaaah.. for me, it sounded better than sm58. my songleaders have tested it and guess what... they dont want to use the sm58 anymore :)  overallrating 5 lineend
name Nathan review while the shure sm58lc shure sm58 vocal microphone seems to be the running staple for live performance vocals, and rightly so due to its comparative value and amazing quality in sound and craftsmanship, the beta 58a needs to be given its due. the beta 58a is an amazing dynamic microphone that might alleviate some of the stress associated with its more cost efficient cousin. that is, the beta 58a, in the confined live scenarios in which i have utilized it, has demonstrated a much broader sweet spot and completely eliminated some severe feedback issues. for vocalists that like to pull back from the mic a touch to really belt those sustained high (or, really, any) notes the beta is a dream. this same effect helps if one is experiencing sibilance or \"popping\" complications and needs to sing past the microphone as opposed to directly into it.while i wish that i had a better understanding from a sound engineering standpoint so that the technical specifics could be expounded upon, i can confidently say that the beta 58a is the best vocals microphone that i have ever utilized aside from higher end condenser mics in an isolated environment. quite honestly, i would not be at all surprised if the beta compared well even in confined recording situations. the bottom line is that the beta 58a might be more expensive than its popular cousin, the sm58, but it is worth every penny. anyone who has the opportunity should give it a chance to demonstrate its superiority. six out of five stars!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Sunn review the beta 58a along with the original sm58 are industry standards, that's well known. as a general purpose workhorse for live vocals they are by far the most popular tools out there. quality venues throughout the country commonly stock these as their go-to house mics. in fact, i noticed betas all over the place at a small theater (with a high-end system) that i played at just recently.i had used the old 58 for years before moving to the beta and there is certainly a noticeable difference between the two. the beta is definitetly hotter, with a more sensitive response. your vocals will cut into the mix strongly and with more clarity than you might be used to. mids and highs are picked up perfectly when singing a few inches away and there is a subtle low frequency roll-off to avoid that boomy, muddled sound you typically get when hitting low or quiet notes up close. you definitely need to stay within a close range though as the pickup pattern is very tight. this is a good thing because extraneous noise and feedback is effectively rejected.\"built like a tank\" is probably a bit overused when describing products but shure's vocal mics truly earn that title. they can take an enormous amount of abuse and never falter. toss it around, drop it, bury it under other stuff, etc., no problem. when you are maintaining a bunch of music gear, it's nice to have tools that you never worry about. for that reason, i'd highly recommend getting a used one if you can find a deal. chances are, its in working order no matter what.  overallrating 5 lineend
name almost review i actually replaced a boss tr2 with this pedal. does everything it is supposed to do without the \"perceived\" (that's was they say) volume loss typical of many tremolo pedals. if it's perceived, then how do you explain how good this sounds? i have since had the pedal rehoused in a metal enclosure with a better switch because i was scared of breaking its plastic housing when switching it on and off.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Charlo review let me start by saying that i am a huge fan of dano stomp boxes. i probably own close to a dozen of from the various lines they make. this pedal does a decent job covering your tremolo needs, but imho the tremolo from dano's cool cat line is a much more durable pedal for only $4 more (at the time of this review). the switches and knobs on this pedal are the weak link. i don't think it's true bypass either. the cool cat has a metal enclosure, true bypass, sturdier inputs and knobs, and a much better on/off switch. the features and sound are the same. spend the extra $4 and you will have a much more bullet-proof pedal with the cool cat trem.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Eric review hey, it gets the job done and that's all i can ask for. i tried several \"cheapo\" pedals, and this one was my favorite of them all. while some had better casings (metal instead of plastic), at the end of the day i'm looking for a good sound, not a pretty pedal board. the pedal seems solid enough, it doesn't take up much space, it sounds great, and it has a versatile range of sounds as far as tremolo pedals come.and, if you are like the typical musician, you are looking for something that's not going to break the bank.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Paul review when i first started setting up my little studio, i wanted something that didn't break the budget. i tried a couple different combo pedal boards, (digitech 500, boss me-70), but quickly realized i wasn't getting my sound and the money was quickly drying up. with not much left, i tried a tuna melt as an example of danelectro. who would think? this thing is stunning in its ability to manufacture vintage tremolo sounds, as are most of this line of pedals. i now own about 12-14 of these of all types, and have never been dissapointed save it's very hard to chain them without a lot of noise.then i got into guitar building, and they all got put away. lately, i have been trying to make time to improve my playing skills, and joy of joys! i am rediscovering all these pedals and i absolutely love them.forget the fab series, they are not so hot. buy the old style as the tuna melt, or the big metal ones like the dan echo. you will not be sorry!  overallrating 5 lineend
name S. review hello musicfriends - this is built cheap but sounds great. good controls too. for me in the studio/songwriting its perfect but i would not exactly go on tour with it..... there is something about the knobs i still love, even if all my other digital units have a tremolo hidden in it... may be the age thing...  overallrating 4 lineend
name the review it sounds great. nice and warm and lush. one of the better trems i've had the pleasure to use. however, i hate the plastic housing, and how the input/output jacks are located. i don't have heavy feet, so it will probably last a good long while on my board, but i really wouldn't want to put too much weight on it.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Reph review it is exactly what you need in a capo! you can cover all six strings, move one string over to get a drop d tuning or turn the capo upside down to get a partial capo (though a bit of adjusting may be needed to get the strings held down.).all in all, a great capo that is well made and will last forever.kyser is an awesome small christian company and i really like their products and supporting them with my purchases. :]  overallrating 5 lineend
name Heyo review love these capos and nice that you can get them in other colours. prevents you from getting yours confused with some one elses.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Abigail review my son needed a capo, expensive at music shop where he takes lessons. at amazon found what he wanted at reasonable price.  overallrating 5 lineend
name A review the title says it all. i got it for $16 (free shipping with amazon prime), which is cheaper than my local music store. i keep it on the head of the guitar, and it is easy to add, move, remove. with the trigger-type release, it makes it one of the easiest quick-change capos i've used. it feels sturdy enough (lightweight aluminum). and best of all... it works!  overallrating 4 lineend
name Alexandra review i like it, it works well with my takamine acoustic jasmine s35 guitar. and it looks good. overall, i recommend.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Andrew review quick to clip on and off. really... is there anything else to say? what else do you want it to do?these suckers are wonderfully reliable.i've had one for about 10 years. the only thing that went wrong with it was the removable rubber on the \"bottom\" of the capo became damaged because of my own neglect. however, for a $1, keyser sent me a bag of a about 6 of them. can you go wrong? no!great product!  overallrating 5 lineend
name bayou review a couple of bucks more than dunlop...which i have not tried..i own a couple wish they were cheeper i would have one in each case..but it works fine..and is well made...arrived on time..enjoy  overallrating 4 lineend
name Beach review like this camo capo's simplicity and its unique color. my friend got a new one after seeing me using it, but his is a bit shorter than mine. mine works both uke & acoustic guitar, i have no problem to use it on single hand. as the manufactor suggests for its duration, i don't clip it on the guitar when it's not in use. :)  overallrating 4 lineend
name Benjamin review this capo looks great and does the job. it does take a bit of pressure to open the camp, but its better then the winding versions.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Bob review purchased the 6-string kyser capo when i meant to get the 12-string version (slightly longer, stronger spring?), but find that this 6-string capo not only works great on my 2 6-string acoustics, but also works on my 12-string acoustic with a little adjusting. quality seems top notch, design is simple and effective.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Chris30542 review i've owned the same one for 10 years and it's still going strong after many gigs. the spring tension is just right.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Clifford review basically because they are the easiest to squeeze in my opinion. i have big hands which may be part of it.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Damien review high quality hassle free design. very quick and easy to install and remove in a hurry and dosn't mar the finish or use excessive force, but strong enough to move the capo all the way close to the next fret closer to the headstock to allow maximum room for my fingers without any buzzing. very happy with this purchase.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Donald review i have had one for two years and no complaints, needed another for my travel guitar. the lever arm is coated with a soft plastic sleeve which protects the neck, the spring is firm and in 2 years has not given up any tension. finally on the string compression side the material is firm yet supple. i take particular caution to make sure that i don't leave it on anything that would indent that material permanently...  overallrating 4 lineend
name Frederick review i've seen and used many different types of capos over the years and they range from the very cumbersome and difficult to use to the easily breakable but i've never used one as convenient and as well constructed as this kyser one. it is by far the best i've ever seen and i've been using it for years now and it still works fine. it makes moving the capo quickly a cinch and the gold doesn't corrode or tarnish making it look like new even after all these years.very highly recommended!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Henry review it is very well made, is easy to use, and holds down the strings just fine. it is well protected as to not scratch or nick your guitar.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Jason review durable, affordable, easy to grasp and use.  overallrating 5 lineend
name jim review this capo is as good as i've ever used and its in pink which perfectly matchs my shell pink strat. great deal.  overallrating 5 lineend
name J. review i currenty use two types of capos - the kyser one and shubb capos. both are the most popular capos around but have different strengths and weaknesses.the benefits of the kyser is that it is the quickest changing capo i've come across, doesn't require tension adjustment, and can clip to the end of the headstock when not in use. the primary benefit of the shubb is that it has adjustable tension (and second, it's smaller).the main drawback of the kyser is the lack of adjustable tension. because it's designed to work across the fretboard, it will apply more force than necessary to clamp down the lower frets, causing frets to wear faster over time. because of this i prefer to use the kyser on my less expensive guitar and the shubbs on the guitar i baby.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Julian review easy to usegreat quality and i am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand. thank you very much  overallrating 5 lineend
name LBrandst129 review got what i needed - a basic capo for a good price. the tension is a little tighter than i'd like, but works for me. covers all strings, and depresses them fully. i don't use it often, so i can't speak to its longevity, but good for me!  overallrating 4 lineend
name Leonardo review i've played guitar for 5 years. seen many different capos, but none that quite satisfies me as the kyser.you really can't go wrong with this capo. it is very mobile, easily adjustable, sturdy, and durable.what's good about this capo is that you can use it as a regular 6 string capo and still turn it around to use it asa cut capo. the transparent rubber piece does the same job.it comes in different colors also.i own the black, silver, gold, and camo kyser capos.i also own the cut capo for other styles.i recommend it!all the capos i've had from kyser are still in great conditions.use them all the time at church and at home  overallrating 5 lineend
name Michael review i started using kyser capos a couple of years ago and have never looked back since. i now own several of them and have not had any problems with any of them. they work great on acoustic and electric guitars and they have survived the many children i teach lessons to even though they get treated rather rough at times. great capos. you won't be disappointed.  overallrating 5 lineend
name mike review the handle and spring strength make this uncomfortable to place on the guitar, and i feel rushed to clamp on the capo because it's unpleasant to use - hurts the fingers. it's cheap and easy to use. it'll do the job, but i don't like it.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Mr. review what's to say? it's not a high end capo and for the price i can lose it ( like most of the other capos i have owned). it's not a high quality capo and it does take a few adjustments to get it seated properly.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Nunya review i originally bought this for my guitar and it worked very well for that, so i tried it out on my 4 string uke and it works just as great. it's so much better than the elastic capos. so, it's doing double duty and going strong.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Patrick review this style of capo can throw your guitar out of tune if you don't put it on right. when used correctly though, it does it's job just fine.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Sessue review i can only repeat what everyone else has already said: this kyser capo is designed and built very well. it's easy to put on and adjust, and just as easy to take off. there are probably a few capos out there that are a bit flashier, but this is still pretty stylish. and the price makes it a real bargain.  overallrating 5 lineend
name ccaptn review i don't believe there is such a thing as a perfect capo, but this one is quite good. for those with reasonably strong hands it is pretty easy to use. it does a very good job of compressing the strings to the frets and is definitely well built. it is as with all capos, important to take it off when not in use so the \"rubber\" does not get grooved. this is just good common sense. if this lasts a couple of years i will definitely purchase another.  overallrating 4 lineend
name DonJr review i bought a 12 string one in blk. love it for simplicity and needed it so i didn't have to keep searching for the other. got gold to remind me it is for six strings.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Harry review i have used a few different capo's this is far and away my favorite. very easy to take it off, holds the strings tight. what more can you ask for? does what it sets out to do and its inexpensive.  overallrating 5 lineend
name H review it does what it says. it a kyser quick change capo. this capo is great for changing keys in the middle of a song or anytime you are in a hurry. highly recommended.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Janeelizabeth review it's a capo... nice fit... yet, sometimes i wonder if it fits too tightly, as when i use it, and of course the strings are tighter, sometimes i feel that playing with this particular capo makes my strings too tight...yet, it is a capo, structured very well.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Jonah review i am very pleased with this purchase. the strings play very clearly with zero buzzing on any position between frets. i can dramatically hear and feel the difference than when i used a cheap $5 capo before. this is well worth your pay :)  overallrating 5 lineend
name J. review my husband usese this capo almost everytine he plays his guitar. his old one lasted about 10 years. worth the cost.  overallrating 5 lineend
name kwb review long time shubb user, but decided to try something different.i think i've found how lazy i am. i ended up using the kyser more often than the shubb because of the fact that you can put the kyser on the peghead.reaching my hand to an always available position on guitars (i.e. the peghead) for the kyser turns out to be much more convenient than reaching to something that is not on the guitar and that could change according to situations, e.g. maybe just by my side on the sofa in my living room, maybe a table or the floor in some other places, for the shubb.  overallrating 5 lineend
name lfeez review these capos are wonderful. perfect all the way around! long lasting and backed up by the company. i have three!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Mrs. review good strong spring and good strong materials. the only improvement i would make is the clear protector that holds behind the neck. the protector needs to be longer. as the protector ages it slips off the end. if it had more surface extended from end to the base where it pivots it would help.  overallrating 4 lineend
name MyBeesWax review i bought this capo for mywashburn d10. it works on my orlando classical guitar as well. i wanted a capo that was simple to operate and wasn't too expensive - and the kyser quick change guitar capo fits the bill nicely:[update 7/25/10: my orlando guitar was stolen. boo hoo!!!]- easy on, easy offthe spring mechanism makes it easy to put the capo on or take it off.- rubberized clampsrubberized clamps helps prevent the kyser from scratching or marring the neck and the frets.- ergonomicthe arched arm with the weird-looking loopy looking thingy and the other straight arm help you to firmly grab on to them without slipping so you can easily and quickly remove or reposition the kyser capo.- durablethe kyser is made from durable aluminum.[update 7/25/10] i've had this capo for almost 3 years and it's still working like a champ! (according to amazon's instant order update for moi, i got this capo on november 22, 2007.)- the same capo colbie caillat used in bubblycheck out the music video! it's the same capo colbie caillat used inbubbly!---the kyser quick change guitar capo is excellent! i don't think you can go wrong with this one!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Peter review i have owned several of these over the years and own a silver colored one presently. the price is right for these, and they work just fine. my only real issue is that sometimes, they will bunch or bend strings when setting them on whatever fret you're going to bar, thus producing a sound you weren't looking for. some of the higher end capo's counter this by having screws and such rather than a spring. however, like i say, these work fine with a little care and attention to their placement on your fretboard, and are from what i can tell, the most popular model on the market.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Philip review easy to use capo. good strength - holds the strings down well.. not sure that it's as good as the g7th capo, which i still find is the best for holding the strings down evenly so that they stay in tune, but the kyser is much cheaper and does a good job.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Reviewer review probably the best kapo out on the market. very high quality and a sleek look. easy to use, what more could you want?  overallrating 5 lineend
name Sean review i use the capo for my guitar and it sounds awesome. i like to put the capo on the first fret and when i play a song i made, it sounds really really good. the capo is very easy to use as well.  overallrating 5 lineend
name S. review the description says the color is gold. it's not. more of a greenish yellow, but does what it is intended for. i think i would stick with the black color though.  overallrating 3 lineend
name snocyclist review i really like my capo, the blue looks good with my light natural finish accoustic, and it works as it should. however, i feel like it deserves 4 stars simply because it could be a much more robust product. for example, i think the bottom part of the clamp should be a little longer, and rounded (the back side of a guitar neck is rounded, after all). the spring could definitely be tighter...i do rarely notice buzz from not quite being tight enough. also, the design is fairly nice, but it's mostly aesthetic...it's not really super comfortable and easy to move around necessarily.don't get me wrong, this is a rather good product, and it's priced about right. it just isn't a high end product/5-star perfect.  overallrating 4 lineend
name this review the package arrived on time. this is the best capo around and works great. does what it is supposed to do.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Vyrys review works great. just clip it on and jam out.forget the screw on type, and spend the few extra bux for this one. you'll be happier, trust me.  overallrating 5 lineend
name wapialo review i chose the patriotic design for obvious reasons. it is lovely. clear shard silk screening. the capo itself is really good. it is very snug on the strings.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Yeemeister review i got pink cause nobody would steal it, and we all know how often capos get stolen from people pink is great  overallrating 5 lineend
name Yousif review this capo is awesome, it looks and feels very nice and premium, it works on all of my guitars not much more you can ask for.  overallrating 5 lineend
name A. review these martin strings (m170) aren't bad. they just are not the sound i was looking for. i ended up like the ernie ball earthwood extra light instead. the martin's are little shallow on the low end unlike the ernie ball. other people will love them though. they are easy to play.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Casey review these are good for the average guitar player who doesn't want to much strain or pain on there fingers. not the fullest tone, but you wouldn't expect that with extra light strings.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Everanor review i have an electro acoustic martin (second hand but without a scratch). i got it with .13 strings and well, is simply too much. is good to play rithyms but can't do pretty much nothing else.i have installed a set (i got 8) and it sounds really good. not as solid as the .13 but now i have more range to do solos and go up and down much easier.recomended  overallrating 5 lineend
name Henry review martin makes great sounding strings. i decided to use light martin strings (.12) because they sounded louder and better, and i could play them just as easy as the lighter strings.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Joe review strings are not just strings. guitar strings are another very important part of playing great guitar. and all martin products are second to none.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Joel review i replaced a set of strings that were very used with these martins. they are, as named, very light. they are easy on my fingers and give great tone. quality company, great strings, great price!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Lytle3891 review i ordered a couple sets of this strings so i would have some extras for myself and my 6 year old son who is just starting out on guitar. this strings have good sound and hold a tune well. the best thing is the price is great. like i said i am usinging these on mine and my sons guitar and my son was breaking string from playing to hard, but with these string it does not break the bank to replace them as needed.  overallrating 5 lineend
name PK review the name martin says it all & has for many,many years.grab some extras because you will want more, great price,great strings.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Russ review i love these strings, and use them for all of my acoustic playing. best of all, i can find them here for $3.49 per set, so i'm not dumping a bunch of money on strings all the time. easy to play, and they sound great.long lasting if you take care of them by wiping them down every time.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Sherwin review these strings provide a warm crisp tone that makes any dreadnought guitar sound like heaven i use them all the time  overallrating 5 lineend
name W. review good strings with good sound.the extra light is easier on the fingers - but they sound thinner too.go for the light gauges for more solid sound if you can handle the pressure.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Beach review this is my third pack; the 1st pack has been using for two months, the sounds are rich and full, and the feels are still good. i broke the high E on the 1st attempt of restringing, and luckily i had bought 2 packs at the same time. so, i want to keep a completed pack for back up. i have been fingerpacking for quite long time recently, sometime, i will practice for 4-5 hours+ until i'm tired for the session. i have used light steel strings on my acoustic, but these ones are easier for fingers even just tiny lighter.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Joehorse review these are okay strings for the folk guitar.............nothing special but the price isn't out of the world either. good buy for the money. tried them on a gibson j50 and they seem to do good.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Johanna review i am yet another one of those \"forever beginners\" when it comes to playing the guitar. never mind that...these guitar strings made second hand guitar sound so much better! after putting in new pegs and re-stringing with these strings...it sounds so much nicer! more richer! now i see i need to replace the saddle and bridge on it as the pegs keep coming loose. i think that once i do this and then re-string these same strings on it...i will be set to go!i like that these strings are light as due to not having had much practice for a number of years...let's face it...my fingers get sore when playing! i also have small fingers and hands.i intend to continue purchasing these same strings for future use.i recommend!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Larry review i restrung my martin 0-16ny with these strings and found them to be excellent. as a new guitarist,the light strings were very easy on my sensitive finger tips and have a very warm and rich sound.  overallrating 5 lineend
name MJK review even though these are folk strings, i put them on my 35 year old dread and they sound really good.I hope they last longer than some of the reviews indicate.i also wipe them down after playing to minimize tarnishing.so far so good  overallrating 5 lineend
name PK review great,great sound. the sound of these strings is different than any other strings you could get. they also teach a guitar player to use a lighter touch while playing to produce beautiful sounds. well worth it.  overallrating 5 lineend
name rshirley10 review the string work well but did not give the mellow sound on my guitar that i was looking for. the shipping was quick and the strings were recieved in good order.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Techie review i love these strings. i bought a set awhile back for my ovation, but never used them. then i came into possession of an old yamaha acoustic guitar which was pretty beat up and needed new strings. i put these suckers on there and wow was i impressed. even that old beater guitar sounded great and played easily with these strings. so... i bought another set for the ovation this time!  overallrating 4 lineend
name Amazon review i bought this pick holder because i hate putting a pick between my strings to hold it and because you can't play with a pick in your strings. i originally thought this thing would be kind of large and go all the way across the headstock. boy was i wrong. the picture is misleading. this thing is tiny and barely goes across three string. it wedges under neath two strings and you can put two picks (maybe more if they are thin) into the wedges on top. stays in place well and is very convenient.Only negative is i don't know how long it will hold up. i think maybe a thicker rubber rather than this foam rubber would have held up better. i can see this thing eventually losing tension in the pick holder wedges and dropping picks.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Brian review i really like these things. i don't stick tape and stuff to guitar body which if they do make a double sided tape similar to post it notes might be a good idea. bought a few while back and just bought a few more. if you drop a pick there is another right there. have fun.  overallrating 5 lineend
name brien review i love the idea that you don't need a pocket in your strap or elsewhere to store your pick. further it will not add something else to find/loose in my pants pocket.  overallrating 4 lineend
name christopher review it's good but think its a bit expensive for just one they should give you two for that price or lower the price  overallrating 2 lineend
name frank review doe's not stay on to well, moves to much even if you go for the pick lightly could be redeisigned.  overallrating 3 lineend
name j review after buying this product, i have concluded that $8 0 is a lot of money for foam! does the job, but i think the velcro job would be preferable to this one.  overallrating 3 lineend
name LARRY review excellent simple product. fits all of my guitars and stays out the way while playing. easily holds 2 picks at at time on each end. has grooves on ends and one can slide it down so that at least 2 strings fit into the grooves.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Levis review since i bought these little gadgets everybody playing guitar around want them.i use to misplace my picks all the time when playing and now i do not have to look around for them any longer as i know where to find them. i like to use different gage picks therefore. i have ordered more for christmas stocking stuffers whicdh will be enjoyed by my friends.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Matt review it's a lot smaller than the picture makes it look, but that's a good thing. it serves it purpose and fits snugly between the strings on the headstock.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Mike review i'm using this right now on my acoustic and it does its job in respect to holding your picks. it was smaller then i would have pictured, but it still is a good product. it can hold light to heavy picks and its super easy to put it and take it off. only problem i had was that it moves a lot when putting my pick back in. besides that, its highly recommendable to anyone. i will definitely pick up more for my other axes.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Renbutsu review not too much to say, it's made out of foam, made to slip between the strings, made to hold two picks. i have several of these, for acoustics and for electrics. my son lost one before during a performance on stage so it is not that secure that it won't be dislodged, still, it does stay on majority of the time. i do recommend this. my son's guitar teacher calls this a review s, and leave a comment if you have any questions, i will be more than happy to answer if i can be of help.  overallrating 4 lineend
name RTX review i use this to hold my picks on my acoustic guitar. got tired of losing picks in mid jam, digging through pockets, scavenging for another pick. now it's right there.  overallrating 4 lineend
name tekHedd review i have been using these for months now with 5-string bass. i think these are even more useful for bassists than guitar, as i often find myself playing with fingers, then suddenly a \"pick song\" starts and... where's a pick? i usually have to offset it, and with the tuner placement i can only fit one pick, but i still find them indispensable. and no tape or other sticky stuff!there is also a model made specially for bass. [updated] i now have the bass model on all of my basses. it is definitely better for thicker strings.the guitar model is now on my gibson explorer. i do love it, but the \"spreading strings\" on the headstock makes it less secure than is perfect. so, still highly recommended if your headstock has a \"straight through\" design, not so much if you have a jackson or other radically angled headstock. (they should make a metal edition for that. :) )  overallrating 5 lineend
name Will review this thing does just what it was supposed to, i use it on my practice bass since i use any type of picks on that, and it does just what it is supposed to  overallrating 4 lineend
name wishbone73 review i was thinking it may affect the ability to tune properly, but it seems to have no affect at all. super audiophile tone hounds might say it affects the resonance and sustain, but just take it off when recording. very handy to have two picks with you at all times. it's great not to have to make a trip back to the mike stand to get a pick or having to attach something with sticky tape to the guitar's finish. me likey!! price can't be beat either!  overallrating 5 lineend
name YetAnotherITGuy review i bought one of these to try on my asher junior lap steel guitar to hold two finger picks and a thumb pick. worked, but it was difficult getting all three picks in one wedgie so i ordered a second one. between the two of them, between the 2nd/3rd and 4th/5th strings up next to the nut, works pretty good holding these types of picks (which admittedly, the wedgie was not actually designed for). liked it so much i ordered two more for my acoustic and electric guitar and one for my bass (the bass version). only down side i see is -- they do seem loose like they could fall out and i doubt the picks will stay in place when i case my guitar (haven't tried it yet). but otherwise, worth the price and a good doo-dad to have around. especially if you have a lap steel and need a place to stick your finger picks on the guitar itself (real help to me staying organized!).  overallrating 4 lineend
name B. review i've played string instruments for the better part of 55 years... starting with a cheap tijuana wood box as a 5 year old, progressing to martin 6 and 12 string acoustic guitars, and a few electric fender and gibson units.... all good in their own respect.i decided to treat myself to a les paul for my 58th birthday but, not having the financial resources to buy a $3,000 0 git, i shopped and shopped... finally settling on this cherry burst lp-100.it arrived in perfect condition, the slightly smooshed outer packaging notwithstanding. it was even \"sorta\" in tune... but a quick dial-in with the electronic tuner brought that right.simply put, nice guitar. after allowing the strings and neck to settle in together, i spent a few hours a week later adjusting string height, intonation, and pick-up distances, and now this lp rocks !!!if you're going to spend mid-range $$$ on a fine practice / performance guitar, you can't go wrong with this one, kids - two thumbs up ![suggestion: a fender mustang 1 or 2 amp makes this guitar sound even better...]  overallrating 5 lineend
name chris review exactly the same as describe here, love the sound and easy to play. great price for excellent sound, highly recommend to everyone.  overallrating 5 lineend
name C. review i bought this as a present for my daughter to learn guitar on. she absolutely loves it. everyone that has played on it over the past few weeks loves it. you can't beat this for the price!!!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Jake review this is a fine guitar, but it isn't amazing. my particular instrument has some issues with the finish in a couple of places around the perimeter of the guitar - they look like black splotches underneath the sunburst paint and clear-coat. there's one near the top strap post and another near the place where the pick-guard mounts to the underside of the body. neither would be apparent to someone who wasn't appraising the guitar, but they are there and don't look normal to me. maybe i got the first one off the line after they switched from black-painted models? my guitar also has a weird v shape on the back of the neck where the wood grain doesn't match at all - i'm guessing that it's a joint that has been glued together. i know that the better les paul guitars have a one-piece neck, and since i didn't read about this one having something different, i assumed it would be the same. glue is stronger than wood and les paul guitars have a tendency to break in that area, so i guess my guitar should be more durable than some. still, it was a disappointing and unexpected discovery. i'm not sure that seeing these finish issues before-hand would've dissuaded me from buying the same guitar, but upon reflection it would've been much smarter to visit a music store and examine the guitar before buying.my remaining issues with the instrument have more to do with the general design of all les paul guitars versus my particular instrument. the guitar is too small for me to comfortably play it without a strap, even while sitting. the top strap peg is angled up slightly, where guitars with horns have them angled down, which means that investing in the install of a straplock system of some kind is a good idea with a les paul - the pegs just don't stay in the strap holes as well as on some other guitars. it's great that this guitar has all the knobs and switches that &#34;real&#34; les paul guitars do, but from a practical standpoint it is rather cumbersome to have separate volume and tone knobs for each pickup. the range of adjustment on the saddles is pretty small, and i found it impossible to setup the guitar for coated 9 strings without additional hardware.the guitar sounds decent, it looks pretty great (although not quite as pretty as the pictured one), and due to its shorter scale length it is a tad easier to play than some other guitars. note: the shorter scale length is characteristic of les paul guitars, it doesn't indicate that this is less than a &#34;full-sized&#34; guitar. though this is a fine guitar for the price, i'm not sure that i would make the same choice if i were in the same position again.  overallrating 3 lineend
name jeff review i have been playing guitar for over 30 years. i've owned and played a variety of guitars in my lifetime. my wife bought this guitar for me as a gift. i cannot begin to tell you how much i love this guitar. it is a solid, well built guitar. the finish is beautiful. the pictures do it no justice. it sounds incredible. it has great tone and sustain, wonderful harmonics. the clean tones are nice and warm. the neck is fast. no fret noise or hums. the pickups are really nice. its very versatile and you can play just about anything with it. from blues to hard rock & metal. i would perform live with this guitar in a heartbeat. you cannot find a better guitar for this price. i would have expected it to cost much more. i am extremely impressed with this great guitar. you can bet, when i add the next guitar to my collection, it will be another epiphone. well done epiphone!!  overallrating 5 lineend
name LA review i had been learning on a squier for about six months and really wanted a better guitar. after doing research, reading reviews, and checking it out in a guitar store, i chose this one.it's much easier to play than the squier, and it has a better sound. like the squier (but not as bad), it gets a little buzzy on the top strings. i suspect it might need to be adjusted, but i don't have a clue as to how to go about it.it's also a good choice for women. i'm a small woman, and i really like that the neck is smaller. it's also fairly lightweight.overall, i'm happy with my choice. a guitar tech told me it's the best guitar out there under $500. maybe. i expect to be happy with it for a few years before i upgrade again.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Mano review i bought it 3 years ago here at amazon and i couldn't be happier. this was my first electric and after over a year of owning it, i got a way more expensive fender strat and i still prefer how this epiphone feels; it is really lightweight, a lot more that even other les pauls and the distance between frets is smaller than the one in other guitars i have tried, this makes it very easy to play, it stays in tune and it looks really REALLY lovely.i like it so much, that i decided to add a pair of slash's alnico iis on it, that cost more than the guitar itself, this only made it sound incredibly awesome and improve the sustain, good ol' crunchy-bluessy rock.call me cheap if you want and i wouldn't care, this is one of those items that makes you wonder, how come there's others way more overpriced and just don't find a way to justify that a \"real\" gibson les paul will sound $800 - $1000 better.it wasn't until recently (after 3 years - i estimate somewhere around 1000 hours of heavy use) that it started fretting and that's why i gave it only 4 stars; but what would you expect from a $200 guitar...? i'm sure this can be easily fixed by any guitar tech and it will continue been the sweet-tone machine it has always been. if you're learning, looking for a first electric or just want a \"practice\" axe that will not dissapoint you, just go ahead and buy it, don't give it a 2nd thought and do it.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Nunya review i have been playing guitar since i was 6 years old (over 3 decades) and i must say this was a very pleasant surprise. i haven't had an electric in years, and didn't have the budget to get a gibson, so picked up this epi les paul 100 instead, along with a fender mustang i amp. great combination. this guitar has a very sloid feel, and came set-up perfectly right out of the box. all it needed was tuning. unlike others, i didn't feel that the strings i got needed to be changed right away, but probably within the first two weeks you will want to change them. replaced mine with ernie ball \"not even slinky's\" and couldn't be happier with the way this thing plays and sounds. great sustain, beautiful harmonics, the clean tones are warm, can get nice blues tones out of it, and superb thrash metal too. very versatile. it does not quiet do country or jazz, but it wasn't really meant to.the action is extremely easy, fret board has a great feel to it, good width on the neck, not too slinder but not too thick. it just feels good in your hands.the finish on this product is very nice. one thing though, the pick guard is kind of a tan / cream off white color, not bright white as pictured, but it still looks great.also, not mentioned in the description, but this does come with a 12 foot cord, but it's not the best quality. would recommend picking up a new one when you order.overall, this is well worth the $500 that they list as the msrp. at less than half that its a steal.if you are considering this instrument, don't hesitate.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Skyeye review well, the epiphone les paul came in earlier this morning!am i impressed? u bet cha!this thing is simply beautiful! it arrived well padded in a double box. initially, i spent a few minutes going over the whole guitar with a magnifier to see if i could spot any flaws. none! not a finger print on it anywhere! this guitar is extremely well made and put together right. it was in tune out the box and the action is smooth as butter. the neck is slim (which is good for my thick hands) and the jumbo frets have no burrs or other abnormalities. i put a quarter under the 10th. fret and it's right on the &#34;money&#34;!it's considerably heaver than than i thought. i would imagine it weighs about 10-14lbs. i have a strap ordered and on the way.the maple top is a work of art with a superior finish. all the metal hardware appears top quality as are the duncan pickups. this epiphone is a lot easier to play than any thing i ever had. your hand floats over the frets!i don't think you could get a better piece for the price point.  overallrating 5 lineend
name SuperGlide review this is one awesome guitar! i also purchased the fender mustang i amp, epiphone custom case (fits like a glove) and planet waves planet lock leather guitar strap (comfortable and very secure) which made for an unbelieveable combination along with rocksmith 2014. i cannot imagine anyone being disappointed with this combination. the only problem in my household is....who gets to play next.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Sweed review waited two months before reviewing my les paul 100 to make sure there were no issues. i am very happy with the guitar. it came well padded and was in excellent shape. it was set up well and has played well out of the box. just did my first string change making sure i used the same gauge of string and didn't have to make any adjustments to the guitar. played as well after the change as it did before. was a little nervous about an online purchase and not being able to play the guitar before buying but when you live out in the sticks and it's a major trip to get to a real guitar store you sometimes take your chances. anyway it all worked out as the guitar is very easy to play, free prime two day shipping, no sales tax, and saved about $80 in gas it would have taken to make a trip to buy one in a store. the savings in gas and tax paid for about half of my new mustang 2 v2 amplifier.the only thing is on the epiphone site it states all their electric guitars include a cable in the box. this one did not and from reading their forum it seems it is almost a normal thing for cords to somehow disappear before reaching the customer. it is not a big deal to me but i thought i'd mention it for those thinking of buying a epiphone. when i ordered this one i wasn't really sure if a cable would be included or not so i ordered one at the same time, i'm glad i did.  overallrating 5 lineend
name CRS71 review first off, the shipping was fantastic. it shipped the very next day and came very well protected in perfect condition. it is an extremely well made and solid product. i think a few people have given this les paul a rep of just being a \"starter guitar\". trust me when i say, i have no problem leaving my les paul standard at home and taking this one to a gig. it plays well and the sound?? incredible. it even has a great acoustic sound to it when not plugged into an amp. i can't say enough good things about this guitar it's that good. if you're thinking aout buying this guitar, don't. just buy it!! buy it!!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Dakotah review it'd been about 6 years since i've had an electric guitar. i traded my old one off to pay a debt and just never returned. i decided recently after moving back to my home town that i was going to get back into playing electric guitar, only this time i wanted it to be more than a &#34;hobby&#34;. i fully intend on doing local gigs for fun and some side cash and this guitar will easily deliver.it came in perfect condition. the action is set perfectly and i don't have any issues with buzzing strings. it comes with clear (black) control knobs, which i'll likely replace with something a bit prettier. but overall this is a great guitar. it even sounds amazing, it really does have that ballsy sound of a lp..... because well 0_o it is a lp. its no Gibson, but it is a lp!very happy with this purchase!!!!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Dan review purchased primarily for rocksmith and it works very well for that. still learning how to play, but like the feel of this guitar. looks great and plays great. was packaged very well. only needed minor setup adjustments. i would recommend getting strap locks.  overallrating 4 lineend
name David review s until i own the product for at least one week!!!!!  overallrating 5 lineend
name jayjustin review this is a beautiful guitar...the finish is amazing...and the tone is very clear...if you can't afford several hundreds or thousand for a les paul...this is a fun and very good guitar for the money...has 6 strings,,,from e to e...and if you know the g chord you will have lot's of fun...the volume control goes to 11 ,if you want to kick it up a notch...(only kidding)  overallrating 5 lineend
name Jeffro review epiphone lp special ii les paul electric guitar, ebonyhello again. i have written a review on this guitar just after i purchased it and now it's been over a year and i still stand by my positive review. i own about 8 guitars now and this guitar is one of two of my favorites. my other favorite is a dean electric 12 string. when i hold and play this epiphone les paul special 2 guitar it feels and sounds like something i could take on stage but it doesn't have the cost associated with a gibson. what's also amazing is that it's still around a $150. it's well worth the noney. it stays in tune and it high quality. well worth the money. i just purchased an electric/acoustic epiphone ukelele today for my chiropractor. i will review that later. if you are looking for a les paul guitar this is not one. not his typical style although amazon does sell one for about $250 so don't let the name fool you. it's still a very nice guitar though. very solid construction and a beautiful polished ebony finish and tuners. i highly recommend this guitar. buy it! thank you.  overallrating 5 lineend
name jerkowitz review i've been playing for over 40 years. i currently own 60 or so guitars. my problem with lp's is they feel like a boat anchor around your neck, i've bought and sold quite a few. another problem with real LP's, you only get one chance to drop one, just see how many used ones have head-stock repairs. they are beautiful guitars but not comfy for me to play. i deal in used guitars, picked up an epi special ll along with several other guitars at a resale shop for very cheap. i didn't mess with it until i was ready to set it up for resale. i fully expect to do a fret level on most guitars, even a lot of higher end guitars need it. i found on the special ll the frets were actually very well done (chinese version from 2011) and only needed a slight leveling (would have played fine without it but i am very picky). it didn't take much to get it set up, small truss rod adjustment, new set of 10's for strings. little bit of adjustment to the bridge, cut the nut a bit....note it played well the way i got it, just like my stuff perfect. got it set-up and plugged it in to check the electronics and that's when i started to really become impressed with this guitar. cheap pickups are supposed to sound muddy with no character, these sounded pretty good, actually very good, nice and bright with a nice tight bottom end. i check sound also by cranking up a backing track to stage level and playing a few tracks. it cut through really well. i noticed while doing this test that the volume had a very nice sweep to it and didn't lose any highs when turned down. the tone knob was also very usable with a good sweep, very nice. i popped off the back cover to check what was in there, full sized pots, maybe not the best quality but much better than expected. i normally upgrade electronics on my personal guitars to get the controls to operate the way i like but no need to fix what's not broken. yup, i said \"on my personal guitars\" because i am keeping this one for myself. the neck is very fast and comfy, it's not a boat anchor so my shoulder will thank me. the tuners are the lower end trapezoid type but turn smoothly with no backlash and keep the guitar in tune fine, once again if it ain't broke don't fix it. please note that most tuning problems are from a binding improperly cut nut. i've set-up hundreds of guitars and almost all of them need nut work, doesn't matter what price point you are at. this also has a bolt on neck. a lot of players say you have to have a set (glued) neck. i feel glue actually deadens the sound a bit, i prefer a good solid bolt on to transfer sound, imo. i have found that the quality level of the low end foreign guitars has become very good. i know that corners have to be cut to get to the price point of these budget guitars but all in all the special ll is good to go right out of the box with just a little tweaking. my advice is to go try one, my taste may not be the same as yours. there are a lot of good value well made guitars now-a-days, i just found at this price vs quality ratio the epiphone special ll really is special. get one, get it set up for a few bucks if you can't do it yourself, and you will have a good instrument. oh did i mention this is a very good looking guitar?  overallrating 5 lineend
name Jim review good overall but pick ups are terrible - might be better replacing the pickups but i wasn't willing to spend the extra money  overallrating 3 lineend
name jimrenfroe review i got this pretty fast. i took it out of the box and wanted nothing more than to give it 5 stars just for value alone. i'm still shaking my head in disbelief that i got this guitar for the price. first, the 'tuner' issues that i've been reading about. replace the strings! i stretched and stretched these things and they would not stay in tune. a set of d'addario 10's cured that straight away (or whatever you prefer just change them). the tuners aren't the best but they are not to blame, it's the cheap strings. now, technically if you only play open chords this was playable out of the box. the neck angle was so off the a string rattled no matter how high I set the bridge. the guitar would not intonate due to the ridiculous angle. yes i could have sent it back but i suspect i would have gotten another just like it. i had to spend about 6 hours shimming the neck and the nut (never had to do this to the nut on an electric, not even on a used guitar. the nut slot was cut too deep), as well as working on leveling nearly every fret to make it playable. it required 3 business cards to shim the neck which is the most i've ever had to use. after i got that straight i removed a bit of paint from the neck and set it with wood glue in the pocket and on all the screws. in my opinion this helps a great deal with these and all bolt ons for that matter.if i bought this used none of this would have been a big deal. but as i'm looking at this horrid neck angle and doing all this work i'm steadily staring at the 'qc passed' sticker. must have been built on a friday afternoon or something.--- now--after i did this it is sweet!!. i play through a peavey valveking 100 and it rocks as good as my strat w/ duncans and dimarzios. the quality of the electronics is not sub par at all. after adjusting the pickups screws to match the string height and getting all the horrible wax off them, i'd argue that this is as good as any epi i've ever played as far as pups and all, so don't hesitate there because i don't really care for epis and i'm in love with it. (i bought this to sell mainly, but now????) the build quality; hmm, if you can do guitar work go for it. otherwise i'd highly recommend a more expensive model. the $299 models are great right out of the box usually.  overallrating 3 lineend
name K. review s has convinced me that there is a lot of variation in both, and it is luck of the draw whether you get one that was made on a monday after a long weekend of partying. for several reasons, if i had this to do over, i would not buy it online (nor would i buy it from gc). better to inspect the actual guitar you'll be buying, and don't be shy about asking them bring out another one if you don't like the first one you see.i discovered too late that my local music shop would have sold me this guitar for about the same price, but they would have included a full professional setup, including string change. you are likely to find a similar deal where you live, because the smaller shops are having to do more and more to compete with the internet and gc.as it is, i took my guitar to the local shop and paid for a setup. it had some intonation problem, the action was too high, and as others have commented, the strings on this guitar need to be changed immediately. i asked the luthier his opinion of the tuners, as i'd read a lot of people trashing the tuners. bearing in mind that he had a financial incentive to steer me toward replacing them, he instead assured me that they were fairly decent, and advised against changing them unless a problem develops.out of the box, i was a little unsure of my purchase. however, now that it's been fully set up and new strings installed, i am quite pleased with this guitar. i don't believe you will find a better guitar, or even close, at this price level.i did a lot of shopping, and considered guitars up to $500 for my first foray into electric. i was tempted to go with something more expensive, on the theory that in a couple years, i'll want to upgrade anyway. now i'm glad i chose this one. for one thing, this is a guitar i'll always enjoy having around. there is nothing cheap or toy-like about it. in 2-3 years, my tastes may change. i may want something completely different down the road, and now i still have that option. had i gone with a more expensive model, i'd feel locked in. no good!BOTTOM line: if you're shopping for a guitar in this price range, i think you'll be pleased with this guitar. buy it locally so you can see the exact guitar you're buying, and negotiate to have a setup included, because it will almost certainly need one. have it set up right, install some quality strings, and you'll be very happy with the epiphone lp special ii.  overallrating 5 lineend
name kbgulfcoast review i got one of these a while back and being like i am with guitars took it apart to see just what it's made of.mahogany ply maybe or capped with real, but it's plywood body inside.kinda shocked in competitive guitar market that epi would go there...otherwise decent build, basic original lp design bolt on, surprisingly good electronics w/ full size pots and open back 3 way toggle, good neck but bad tuners.... note: any 45% mount tuners, meaning mount hole at 8 and 4 o'clock position respectively... will fit with the bottom hole of the 2 screw junk tuners mine had. so add 10$ to get more than 30 minute in tune play here.and you can fill the other little holes with nail polish like it was made right to begin with.i like the style, and though there's plywood involved still good fit and finish, though many disagree it makes no real difference what electric guitar body woods are, only in looks. electric guitars don't resonate, that's why pickups are important.i don't like the idea of this as beginners choice for the simple fact of cheap tuning keys.you lose interest learning on something that can't hold good tuning. so that bugs me that big player choice like epi would do that.it's likely they'll keep this style but revise it some... to be hardwood body and real tuners as i think the price point demands it. otherwise a decent piece good wiring, decent pickups... but...  overallrating 3 lineend
name Kev review pretty sweet guitar for the price. sounds like and plays like a les paul. i really like the vintage sunburst color (it's more orange than what the picture shows). the strings were setup on the nut close to the fret board the way i like it already when i got it. i just replaced the strings with heavier strings for personal preference. overall, sounds and looks awesome! would recommend it for anyone on a budget that wants the sound of a les paul.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Kodack review my axesepiphone lp studio deluxe plustopfender maraudertakamine g320squier standard stratsquier standard pj bassbeen playing 20 years.i had a squier bullet and it was a cheap guitar i didn't care about that i could keep next to the couch to play rocksmith with. but it got old and i wore the frets out so i needed a new cheap guitar for rocksmith. i picked up the lp special 2 in black at guitar center for $130 and they kicked in free strings.bought it for a game, but soon found myself using it more than my other guitars because it sounded so good, played so well, and had a killer tone.my lp studio had it's pickups replaced with the zakk wylde 81/85's which made for good metal but it lost some of that bluesy tone that passives have. imagine my delight when my inexpensive epiphone had great sustain, tone, and playability. considering this thing is almost the same prices a bullet squier, it is easily twice the guitar for that price. you literally cannot find a better guitar for $150 than the special 2.....sound: 5/5two passive humbuckers have a great sound with glossy highs, deep lows, and they put just the right amount of dirt on a tone for a gutsy clean or distorted sound.the pickups were wax dipped and did not have the microphone feedback effect.the pickups are high output and feel like alnico more than ceramic. not sure which they have.so much sustain for a bolt on neck. i was shocked.build quality 4/5i did have 1 problem with the high E tuner. i didn't notice in the store but the string peg was 1/4\" up out of the headstock. when i discovered this i loosened the string, whacked it with my fret hammer and it popped right in and stayed that way.intonation required no adjustment.Action was exactly the way i like itneck was straight with no fret buzz or excessive bow.the finish was perfect. no nicks, blemishes, just oily black goodness.neck was flush with no gaps or seams, and professionally shimmed. damn good for a bolt on.hardware is typical for the price but does the job, stays in tune very well.Back bending headstock and 3x3 orientation mean no string trees which makes tuning much more stable.the bridge is similar to my lp studio with the tunamatic setup. individual strings may be intonated but action is done with two nuts, ie can raise one side higher or lower but not individual strings.weird having the toggle between the volume knobs but i soon got used to it. no pickguard and it doesn't need one. lots of relief between strings and body. you won't find yourself hitting the pickup housings or body with the pick. makes it easy to clean too!truss rod is behind a nice body color plate.frets were smooth, rounded, and played nice. could use a little buffing for silky smooth but not rough.Neck plays fast but the nut took some getting used to. i would catch it on my hand when fretting at the top, soon got used to it and it wasn't an issue.500k pots and side body 1/4 trplug keeps the cable out of the way.overall 5/5came with hex keys for setupcame with an awsome poster with all the epiphone guitar modelscame with a nice bumper stickerno manualbody was packed in foam shroud with foam blocks, about the same as any other $150 guitar.summary: this guitar is the best bang for the buck of any instrument i own. it sounds good enough to gig with out of the box. it's well built, plays well, and if you treat it well it should give you years of great music. the frets are medium jumbo's and a little deeper than a fender meaning they should last longer before needing re-fretting than a typical affinity or bullet (2 squiers in this price range).i would say this guitar is suitable for all styles of music. i did blues, metal, country, and pop. the pickups are humbuckers which means they are darker and higher output than a fender, not as much of those nice fender bell like tones and chime but it makes up for it with power and clarity.one thing i like about epiphones and gibsons is the volume pot is not close to the bridge. this makes it very easy to palm mute and play with high gain. i lay my pinky and the knife edge of my hand lightly across the strings right where they hit the bridge and it makes a nice mute but on my strats the damn volume knob is in the way.as an experiment i took the pick up pole scews out of the bottom pickup to see if i could get a single coil sound out of it. what happened was a mess because of the parafin wax which got everywhere. the tone was a little brighter and output a little lower, still no hum but you wouldn't fool anyone into thinking it was a single coil. i ended up putting the screws back in.i will likely put my lp studio stock pickups back in (hell yeah coil tapping here i come!) and move my emg 81/85's in this lp special 2 and make myself a nice little metal guitar.do yourself a favor, buy this guitar even if you already have a better guitar. it's cheap enough that you won't care if you bang it around a little, and good enough that you will enjoy playing it for many years.  overallrating 5 lineend
name kodiakcowboy review this guitar is very attractive looking, and plays well right out of the box. i am a beginner guitarist, so please take this review for what it's worth. i am extremely pleased, and don't plan on ever upgrading. this guitar is a darker cherry red wood color in the center than shown in the picture. so expect it to be a different color than what you order. see customer pics.it comes with strings installed and almost tuned. the volume knob is well designed for smooth and convenient use. the tremble and rhythm switch is far enough out of the way that you're not going to accidently hit it while strumming. my only gripe is that the high E string gets caught on the top pickup when i'm playing hard, but maybe i'm just a novice. i will say that it's very easy to play.everything on it is very adjustable which i also like. the only buyer beware statement i can think of is: you're going to be addicted to it!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Mike review ed that is a perfect match to this guitar:kustom defender 15 watt class a guitar headthat i run through akustom the defender 1 x 12 guitar extension cabinet for 5h head.bottom line: this is a great instrument for beginners and not a bad one for experienced players. the price is right, and the quality clearly shows that off shore manufacturers have made significant improvements over the past year.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Player review listen,if you want an inexpensive guitar with great sound and easy playability, buy this one. period.i bought a black one to leave in the trunk while i was at work, in case the guys called for a practice session, so i wouldn't have to go all the way home to pick up my gear.i have other, way more expensive guitars, like a gibson es-335, dean 12 string, and a fender strat, but i gotta tell you, i like this one soooo much i play it more than the others! no kidding.And if it gets banged up, so what??? it costs a buck thirty! buy another. in facte i bought 2 others with different finishes, just for a cheap change up guitar.dig it.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Randy review i'm updating a previous negative review. i had some issues with this guitar when it arrived. i couldn't get it setup, the action was very high and i couldn't set the intonation. notes at the 12th fret were very sharp, and i couldn't lower them with saddle adjustments. i missed one vital checkpoint, the bridge needed to be lowered. setup is finished, and i can now agree with most reviewers. for the price, this guitar is far better than any others in the price range. i know my grandson will enjoy it, at least for awhile. if it ends up as a dust collector, i'm not out much on the purchase price. i'll add it back to my own collection, and upgrade the electronics.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Sam review the epiphone les paul guitars don't particularly sound that great, but they stay in tune much better than the cheap squier strat you can get at the same or lower price. if your kid is serious about wanting to play guitar, but you're not completely sure if they will stick with it, if you can spend another $100 and get a used mexican made fender strat or tele. the reason for this is because for 1, if they decide it's not something they want to do anymore, you can resell it at the same price you bought it for (as long as it is still in decent condition) and little no money is lost. second, if they do decide to stick with playing guitar and eventually own a &#34;better&#34; or more high end guitar, mexican made teles or strats are great back up guitars for stage use. i have a couple different high end guitars and i will not get rid of my mexy strat because it sounds great still. i'll never pick up my first guitar which is essentially this.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Sirius review i purchased this guitar after much thoughtful consideration of other possibilities, but the nearly universal high marks for this particular make and model finally persuaded me to go with this one, and i do not regret that decision.first of all, it is a beauty. initially, i was a little disappointed in that very little wood grain shows through the orangish finish. (my guitar was made in china, which may account for the darker hue.) i thought i had wanted a lighter color, but the more i look at it the happier i am with what i have. second, this instrument is no light-weight, either in heft or playability. it is solidly constructed, very well put together, and plays like a dream. (i lowered the action until i encountered some fret buzz, then backed off the adjusting screws just a bit; that's basically the only adjustment i've made, or likely will make.)it's been barely a day since the guitar arrived and, as yet, i've only played it unplugged. i can't wait to hear how it sounds amped up.  overallrating 5 lineend
name stefanj review i have been playing for about 7 years now and have a tak jasmine acoustic and a jay turser strat knockoff. i really love the les paul sound but my pocket book is not large enough for the les paul price. i've read just about everything i can on these epi's and finally went to my local music store to try one out. my initial impression was somewhat mixed. the sound was good but the action seemed \"off\" after playing a few scales and a couple easy chords i began to get a feel fro the action on this guitar. then i switched from the rear pickup to the front and bang there was that sound i was looking for. classic gibson les paul sound (in all fairness the amp was setup for a strat). after playing around a bit more i asked to try one in the cherry finish. they unboxed a new one for me and wow this guitar looks amazing! i sat down plugged it in and played a bit. instantly i was in love. the action was perfect (despite the some what heavier strings than what i'm used to). the sound off both humbuckers was classic and playability of this guitar has to be tried to be appreciated. tuning is a breeze, and is held as well as any other guitar i own (i always retune before every session anyway). epiphone really did everything to capture that les paul sound in a economy guitar. yes i know you puriest will point to the bolt on neck, the cheaper humbuckers, the flat top construction, and the basswood body. i point to the angled headstock, mahagony neck, rosewood fret board, and gibson electronics. i love the simple volume and tone controls (yea a little more knob spinning when switching between pickups) and the tun-o-matic bridge and tail piece is gonna make string changes a breeze (so much better than having the try to thread thru the body). even with my somewhat limited practice amp this guitar still sounds amazing, oh and the sustain from it well lets just say i hit a low E last night before i went to bed, and i think it is still reviberating in the amp this morning (lol if your looking for a les paul sound at a discount price- consider this your answer. oh and my local shop was able to give me this guitar at $20 less than any place else, and they will do a free setup for me after i've played it for a while (so far it's been perfect out of the box).  overallrating 5 lineend
name Teresa review wow, you would have thought this was the holy grail when it arrived at my house. my son practically ran to the ups man when the truck pulled up. he is thrilled with this guitar. great purchase.  overallrating 5 lineend
name zachary review i got this guitar at guitar center, i was scared to get this guitar from amazon because of a review saying it looked like a toy, so i wanted to see it in person, i saw it, i tested it out at guitar center and it was amazing, its better than my other les paul special ii, this guitar plays great, its set up very nicely, the pickups are very nice, the electronics work perfectly, i have no problems with it, but the guitar is very beautiful, i would highly recommend getting it, i just dont know if anyone elses will be the same, not all guitars are made the same right?  overallrating 5 lineend
name chris review a friend showed up at our monthly guitar club meeting with this and i loved having an on/off switch right at my fingertips. genius!i bought 2 immediately. the shorter one goes from my guitar to the pedal board and the longer one from the pedal board to the amp. works like a charm and no excuse now for damaging amps or ears.two issues to consider. the right angle plug was a mm or 2 short of being able to stick into my tele and my takamine. it would not seat properly and would slide out. i had to turn the cord around and use the right angle on the pedal board side, where it worked, but now the switch is &#34;down there&#34;. i don't think planet waves is the first connector that i had a problem with that so i dont blame them, but maybe stick with the straight jack if you are not sure. second issue is simply that these little button-switches are fussy. you have to make sure you have it in the right position by looking at them - feel wont do. (if you see the white edge they are &#34;quiet&#34;)  overallrating 4 lineend
name CLKiii review this is my third circuit breaker cable. i play in church and no one wants to here the \"pop\" if i have to leave the sanctuary. why three: 10foot, 15foot, and 20foot depending on the setup for the group - i hate cable jump rope. i really like the right angle connector makes it fit no matter what guitar stand i use.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Debs review i love this cable. it is perfect for making guitar changes without noise. the cable itself does not seem quite as good quality as my other planet waves cables but it is still better than most others. the switch is easy to use.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Don review so far i am a very satisfied customer with this cable. for what is worth, while i have used these cables before, this is the first one i have ever owned, so i am no expert.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Gary review a nice concept that actually works, the cable is very nice, too with an adequate gauge. try it out for yourself!  overallrating 5 lineend
name JdoubleH review update: the right angle switched end started developing crackling issues and is now intermittently cutting out. i've had it just over a month, so amazon won't help me. despite the lifetime warranty, amazon has only offered to let me pay shipping and to give me a partial refund. despite being an \"authorized retailer\" for planet waves, amazon does not OFFER exchange under the planet waves warranty beyond the standard amazon 30 day return policy. amazon support referred me to the manufacturer. i've emailed planet waves, but the instructions for the warranty are to return it to a dealer for exchange. i don't have a dealer within 100 miles of my home, so unless the manufacturer comes through, this one is quickly becoming unusable and it looks like it might cost me to resolve it.i frequently switch instruments and this makes it easy to do quietly. i've used cables with the g&h; quiet plug (which also works well), but the switched connector on this has an advantage over the g&h-; you can use it as a mute and tune with a head stock tuner without unplugging your instrument. the cable itself is a bit stiffer than i'm used to, which makes coiling for storage very easy, but it can quickly become a twisted mess on stage if you more length than you really need. the little elastic cord keeper strap works better than i could ever have imagined. i've never given the sound of a cable a thought, being a bass player who doesn't use much for effects and who plays mostly passive instruments. but using this with my genz benz shuttlemax 9.2 and fearful 15/6/1 cab, i really notice a pronounced difference in clarity and dynamics. the sound is much more alive with this over any of the other cables i have from a variety of manufacturers (hosa, proco, whirlwind, etc). i've never had to warranty exchange a pw cable, but others tout the easy swap at any pw dealer as a great reason to buy them. i like knowing that. edit: as stated above, you will not BE able to exchange it through amazon beyond 30 days  overallrating 3 lineend
name Otto review wow, these cables are made really sturdy. and the noiseless feature is priceless. definitely a real good value for the money.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Scott review 30 feet of cable for what i paid for a 10 footer from my local guitar shop.i highly recommend!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Twiddly review a long time planet waves user i trusted that the circuit breaker cable would be up to their usual high standards... imho it is not.the plugs are great but do not seem to have good cable grip. i like their old cables that had a long cable protector extending from the plug allowing the cable to flow gracefully from the guitar (and into the amp at the other end). the actual cable is horrible.... it is a hard plastic outer shell and does not lie or flex well like a good cable should (e.g. like my old planet waves cables do). they claim that the shielding is excellent but i find it to be mediocre. very disappointing purchase.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Widmarke review i'd chose this cable cause i own an older one with the angle plug and needed another longer cable with the straight end. i like the idea that you can cut the power and remove the cable from the instrument with having mute the amp or mixer. i recommend this product to anyone who likes the ability to disconnect without doing anything else.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Ecadad review i purchased this for my pedalboard a few years ago, and have always loved it. i only use 3-4 pedals, and this is always one of them. it sounds great, is indestructable, and takes up almost no space. the controls are great, and you can get a large variety of sounds. i have played \"boutique\" chorus pedals, and the boss is loads better in every way. you will not regret this purchase.pros:-easy to use-no hum-small-sonds awesome-indestructabecons:-noneif you want an awesome chorus that has been around forever, will last forever, and sounds incredible, get this.  overallrating 5 lineend
name From review i bought this little pedal back in 1996, about a year after i got my first guitar. i've tried other pedals, but ultimately, this one gives me the best sound. it's very versatile and it's really easy to dial in just about any sound i want. you might get a more dramatic effect from expensive rack units, but for cost and practicality, this pedal is your best bet!  overallrating 5 lineend
name J. review very very good product! i have no complains about it. definitely a great buy and a must have in your pedalboard.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Matt32 review first, let me start by saying this pedal has been part of my setup for nearly 7 years now and still looks/sounds as great as the day it came out of the box.its a boss product, which means you are going to pay for what you get. you get the best bang for your buck with boss products. solid, rugged construction that is built to last (no chance of breaking one of these things) and an outstanding analog stomp box with a genuine sound. good customer support as well and if you ever feel you need to sale your boss pedal, resale prices are always good.while this pedal is capable of hundreds of tones and sounds (chorus is one of the most useful and versatile effects in my opinion) here are some of the best uses i have found.1. tweak the pedal just to thicken your sound and give that 2 guitar effect. perfect if you want to fatten up that really heavy chorus in a song and make it sound really full.2. dime out the speed and depth for those crazy out of this world korn type effects. this is a really handy pedal for imitating tones of other bands because it can do so much. there are a lot of bands tones i can come close to exactly matching, tones that took them 2 or 3 pedals to achieve.3. liquify your sound and give a beautiful tone to cleans and leads. this pedal will help simple parts that would normally go unoticed stand out. if you play any kind of christian music you will soon learn it doesn't matter what you do as long as you put chorus on it. walking in on sunday morning and turn out some slayer while using a chorus pedal and they will go nuts. chorus is just one of those effects no matter what type of music you are playing, you will always find a use for it, so there is no excuse for not adding this pedal to your rig.in addition you have some great features, easy access battery compartment, accepts a 9v power supply, works well with both guitar and bass, 2 out puts so you can run to 2 sources if desired, and all the controls you need to really be in complete control. you have to get this pedal!  overallrating 5 lineend
name SoundSteeler review sweet chorus, i have the ce5, the ce20, a ce3 and this one. this chorus is my favorite, it sounds just right, the analog ce3 is awesome but too weak, boss should include a level knob instead of a stereo control, anyway this one is a keeper!  overallrating 5 lineend
name William review ok... i am a pro musician & rely on gear that will stand the tests of the road. i was using an old ibenez chorus pedal (one of the first to hit the market) of which i did not use much basically due to it's used for certain songs. i upgraded from using 2 separate pedal boards to a single unit & decided to buy the boss ch-1 super chorus to add to the collection. after my first gig i removed the ibenez chorus pedal because of the tonal superiority of the boss unit. i am certain there are units that may boast of being better but, i have found through my 40+ years of playing that more money is not always better.great tones! easy operation! and it is the best bet for the money!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Denis review i like the product a lot. for me, the only problem is the time of the \"sustainer effect\".it is not so long as i thought. i though it would be like the piano's sustainer. but it's a good pedal effect. my guitar get a good sound with the \"attack effect\". thank you.  overallrating 4 lineend
name John review as several of the previous posters astutely mentioned, 'you will need a noise gate to use this pedal'. i completely agree with that. and it will sustain your notes. it will actually raise the volume to make them sustain. but you will have extraneous hiss when the guitar is not playing to cover it up. the only way to get rid of this hiss is to use a noise gate. i use the ns-2 when i use my chain of pedals. that said, this pedals has some wonderful uses. every note will have the same volume. you can hit the chord as hard as you like or as softly and it will play at the same volume. you can set it to sustain for days. again, you will need a noise gate. there is nothing transparent about this compressor as there is almost all of my other compressors, but none of them are as \"active\" as this one. perhaps that's the price you pay for what this pedal can do. i recommend messing with it quite a while. you can do some incredible funk, jazz, metal vibes out of it.  overallrating 4 lineend
name JoseAlmanya review man this is perfect! some people says that the cs3 is noisy but i thinks that depends on what type of electric conections you got at home or place you play, if you don't have a independent circuit for your pedalboard there's gonna be a lot of noise, most of all bcuz of the compression (obviously)... for me this is perfect, doesn't make any noise with my conections... tottally recommend this!  overallrating 5 lineend
name SoundSteeler review the boss cs3 is right for me, i have been using it with excellent results, i have many compressors, line6, mxr, behringer, digitech, and although i alternate their use the boss stands out on many rig configurations, it can feel a little bit overcompressed sometimes but in general a very good product, i highly recommended it as your main compressor, if you dont like it probably you dont know how to configure it, good luck.  overallrating 4 lineend
name StormJH1 review it really pains me to give anything but a 5-star review to a boss product, since i'm such a big fan of their product line and build quality overall. those compliments apply equally to the cs-3 compression sustainer. and it does do the job reasonably well without me having to worry about putting a less-reliable brand in my signal chain.however, there are some minor issues with this pedal that you need to know. the two most common complaints that i see are that it adds \"noise\" to your amp and that it changes the tone a bit. the former complaint is probably true, though if you're enough of a hobbyist to use a compression sustainer, you're probably already contemplated using a noise gate/suppressor, such as the boss ns-2. problem solved.as for the latter complaint (changes tone), that's also true, but it's not necessarily a bad thing if you like the tone that results. the whole point of the cs-3 is that it's supposed to cut out the extremes of your tone and sustain it. this can result in a muddy, \"neutered\" tone, though you can play with the tone and other settings to help it. i also find that with the settings all at 12 o'clock, the output is too quiet compared to other pedals at default settings.really, while boss pedals are considered to be \"expensive\" compared to many of the other effects out there, the cs-3 should really be viewed as a \"budget\" or \"entry level\" compressor, when you consider that most of the quality compressors are either in rack units or something like a keeley compressor costing north of $200. the best thing you can say about the boss (even compared to the similarly-priced mxr options) is that the cs-3 gives you a great deal of control over your compression for a reasonable price. the biggest negative of the pedal, in my opinion, is that the resulting sound might seem a little too...compressed.but there are a lot of things you could do with a cs-3, and it works best paired with other pedals (chorus, delay, some distortions) that you're trying to smooth out. ultimately, it's a pedal that could have been better, though there aren't too many significantly better alternatives until you get north of $100 anyway.  overallrating 4 lineend
name William review as a pro musician, i am always on a quest for better tone to expand and comply with different gig situations. i had a bad experience with a few compression pedals through my years only to toss them in the closet & give up on the thought.when i upgraded my pedal board, i decided to give the idea of adding a compression unit to give my g&l; american legacy (stratocaster style guitar) more sustain at lower volumes. boss is the company that dominates my effects board... i rely on their chormatic tuner, digital delay (2 of them), line switch & direct box almost every night (for gig & practice).with a somewhat negative attitude going into this i had a great surprise to find that i really, really like this unit. it did what i wanted & then some! great tone & sustain oozes from this little box & stays in the \"on\" position for most of the time i am playing my electric guitars, especially any stratocaster styled guitar i own.  overallrating 5 lineend
name AF review guitarists have become a bunch of cork-sniffers. there are so many players more concerned with the name on the headstock of their guitar and their amp and the endless \"boutique\" pedals in their collections that many seem unable or unwilling to give a listen to \"stock\" gear, or anything that doesn't cost an arm and a leg.the fact is that if you're a gigging musician, and i am, you come to realize that all those subtle, detailed nuances of tone that so many want to obsess over get lost in the band mix, and in the poor acoustics of wherever you're playing. yes, we want to sound good to ourselves because that's inspiring, but frankly, i don't need $200+ dollar distortion/od pedals to be inspired.i haven't owned a ds-1 in a long time, but recently got one because i was looking for a distortion pedal on a budget. frankly, i'd forgotten how musical this pedal is. with the distortion set to minimum (it never gets clean) it's a good, moderate-gain overdrive that still lets your guitar's basic tone get through. i play a strat & and jazzmaster - those guitars still sound like themselves with this thing. with the gain at halfway you get great ad/dc crunch. and even with the gain maxed out you still get excellent note definition on chords. what more could you want? sure, it's \"old school\" rock distortion. the usual \"may not appeal to metalheads\" caveat applies, maybe. combine this with an eq and you could scoop the mids as much as you want.i also have a barber ltd (great, relatively cheap \"boutique\" moderate gain od that doesn't break the bank) and a visual sound route 66, which is a tubescreamer clone (with much more gain) and a compressor in one pedal. both the ltd & rt 66 have the usual ts9 midrange hump, though much less pronounced on the ltd. what's refreshing about the ds-1 is that the strong mids are there, but the overall tone is not in the same realm as a tubescreamer, so it can sit well on a pedalboard and bring a different flavor to the party. the tone on the ds-1 can get very bright, but as i indicated i play with single coils, and i have no problem finding sweet spots on the tone knob - i generally run it around 9-10:00.overall this pedal is a steal - look around and find a used one for a good price. i'd considered a modtone speedbox, but decided to go with the generally bulletproof boss instead, for basically the same price. i couldn't be happier.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Charlo review think of this as an artist's tool. and for every job there is the 'right' tool. is this the best distortion pedal? that really depends on what sound you are trying to get and what other gear/technique you are using with it. if you are using bad gear or poor technique it will not perform miracles. it will not make your 15 watt solid state ibanez soundblaster amp sound like a raging orange rockerverb and it will not make single coils sound like emg 81/85s. but arguing over what pedal is 'best' is like two painters arguing over what color is best used to paint a sunrise. this pedal is good for a tight kind of distortion- but not so heavy that you can do modern metal if running into a clean amp - if that makes any sense. it it doesn't make sense, there are ample youtube reviews you can check out before pulling the trigger. it has been used by professional players like steve vai, joe satriani, and kurt cobain. it is a professional pedal used by professional musicians. it's built like a brick and durable as all get-out. i found mine used for $20, but the new asking price is fair. i would like to see boss start using true bypass instead of the buffered bypass they use, but admittedly i don't detect any tonesuck with it. i've run mine into a tube amp on the verge of breakup and it can really get things cooking. it also takes an overdrive or sustainer pretty well to bump the gain and get some singing leads. with the exception of 'modeler' type pedals from companies like tech 21, i do not think that any dirtboxes- this included- perform optimally when run into a solid state amp. so if you are not happy with the way it is distorting your marshall mg, the problem is in your amp.  overallrating 4 lineend
name D. review i have had this pedal for about 15 years, just replaced the old one a month ago. it distorts sound, not quite the way you would imagine though. this effect sounds really good through a fat cab or a larger amp that can let the cabinet give the tone a little color. i use it through a epiphone valve jr and a marshall 2x12 stack with jtm45 on top and its fine. this thing through a champ or smaller amp will not give you the meat you are probably looking for without a eq pedal.this does just what it says it does. one volume knob, one tone, and one distortion knob. crank it.  overallrating 5 lineend
name fendertele67 review this pedal is a must have for any pedal board. i love the overdriven sound of this pedal in that it has a distortion element but not so distorted single notes are lost in the fray. thirty some odd years and counting and still one of the best.  overallrating 5 lineend
name From review this was the first pedal i ever bought when i started playing guitar 15 years ago. it's still in my primary set up! the sound it puts out is very balanced: you can get a subtle overdrive-like sound out of it, or a high-gain hard rock/80's metal sound out of it. for those looking for insane crunch, this isn't for you. anyone that wants a nice, versatile pedal, this is the one you want!  overallrating 5 lineend
name James review this is a cheap piece of junk that does what it says, it distorts, you want something to make your guitar sound like junk, this will do it. why pedals that make your guitar sound like a piece of junk are the most popular is beyond me. this is not a boutique distortion pedal like hendrix would use. boutique and distortion are an oxymoron.these things are built with heavy metal, it should last, i kinda hope it doesn't(just kidding), you want distortion, you got distortion  overallrating 1 lineend
name Jared review this is a distortion pedal. it will give your amp a boost for solos and turn a clean amp into a dirty girl. it's pretty harsh in tone - kind of a white noise distortion. the ds-1 does not warm up the tone in your amp. you can dial the tone in, but it's a pretty harsh sounding.that said - the ds-1 does exactly what i wanted it to. my amp gives me a nice warm crunch, classic rock style. the ds-1 gives me the 80's metal and punk rock sound i wanted, and it does so flawlessly.it took me about 5 minutes of tinkering to get a nice transition from my amp to a matching tone on the ds-1. it's boss, so it will last forever.th only drawback is that it's an item that is currently cheaper elsewhere. usually amazon catches up with that sort of thing, but word to the wise, don't pay more than $40 new for this thing.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Jerry review i find that if i play this pedal along with my boss super chorus pedal, my guitar with tex-mex pickups captures a lot gilmour's sound tonality.  overallrating 5 lineend
name MetalFan review this pedal has been on the market for a very long time and it was a smoking deal for a boss pedal at $40. the pedal works great with almost any guitar pickup set but sings with my emg powered schecter and tube amp.different distortion levels can be dialed in and to my surprise, it works good with a bass although bass players know they will lose some bottom end.the guitar universe always raves about boss and the distortion pedals and how any guitar player should have one of the distortion pedals. buy it and experiment with the gain and settings and find your favorite tone.i may buy another one and mod it to use with my bass.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Otto review from greg abrams review, entitled review is to give newer players some information. you have plenty of options for distortion pedals, the ds-1 is not the only thing out there that's affordable. find something you truly love and buy that. if its the ds-1, one of the pedals i've mentioned here, or anything else, the important part is that it sounds right to you.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Sam review here's the deal with this pedal. it is inexpensive and you can get a better pedal with barely a bit more money and sometimes a little less money. in my opinion, for spending less than $100 for a distortion pedal, whether it is your first pedal or 700th pedal, a few more bucks will get you the mxr badass distortion which has a much crisper tone to it.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Shady review this is a little more expensive than some other brands, but i think it sounds great and it's way more durable than a plastic pedal.i'm pretty new to electric guitar so i'm not really a distortion and tone expert like some other reviewers. to me this this sounds better and is easier to adjust than my modeling amp, so i think it's a good purchase.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Sherwin review this is the best deal ever my first pedal was a zoom 505 gfx and it was really electronic and synthesized sounding alot of echos and stuff. honestly the best effect it held was the phaser/jet pipe effect. i got this today and man it sounds so crisp clean and evenly distorted. it does the job distortion and sustain best buy for a best price!! bodow!!! from trinidad!!  overallrating 5 lineend
name Slashaholic review this pedal has been around for a long time, and though the overall quality has declined as boss has cut corners to enable lower priced mass production of their pedals, the boss ds-1 remains the staple image of distortion stompbox's. the ds-1 is a no-frills tank of a pedal; it was designed to withstand a direct nuclear blast as well as michael moore stepping on it, so you know it can take any amount of punishment you might care to give it.this pedal doesn't replicate any type of amplifier-it's not a \"marshall-in-a-box, or a mesa boogie, or a vox, or a fender; from a tonal aspect it isn't complex or dynamic. it will add plenty of grind to your tone, and plenty of hum to go with it. if you're looking for your first distortion pedal to use with your 15-watt practice amp, look no further. if you have a decent tube amp, look elsewhere, because with this pedal, you get what you pay for, and it simply will not do a quality amp justice.pros: inexpensive, good build quality, distorts your signal.cons: lots of hum, the tone control gets really shrill really fast.Without the excessive hum and almost-unusable tone control, this would get 4 stars.  overallrating 3 lineend
name StevenEddy review i love these pedals. inexpensive to purchase - easy to mod to your liking.this pedal received the gain and jcm mod.i will purchase more of these and will mod each and every one of them.this pedal is also good stock for a lead boost. love this pedal.  overallrating 5 lineend
name StormJH1 review there's some element of nostalgia with the ds-1 that i've just never understood. i know they're cheap. i know they're incredibly durable (as are all boss pedals). i know everybody had one or tried one at some point, and kurt cobain (apparently) used them with his fenders.but i also know that i've almost never been happy with the tone i get when i step on the pedal. it's incredibly thin and harsh, and lacks proper sustain, even cranked all the way. i've used it on marshall solid state amps and vox tube amps. fender single coil pickups and guitars with humbuckers. you can mess with the tone and dist dials all you want, but there has to be dozens of other affordable pedals, and even on-amp distortion, with a richer, deeper tone.coincidentally, i also used the boss os2 overdrive/distortion for many years, which is supposedly merges/blends a ds-1 with an od-1. that pedal isn't ideal either, but if i turn the knob all the way to review because it probably does belong in everyone's collection. that just doesn't mean you'll want to use it all the time.  overallrating 4 lineend
name StratDude review ... it's a very generic-sounding distortion and is not really useful for much beyond a lead boost into an already distorted amp. the same is true of many of the pedals from this era, including the (gasp!) tube screamer. the tube screamer is a great lead boost into an already distorted amp, but not too many people will tell you that it's a great stand-alone distortion because it's not. same goes for the boss ds-1. now, here's where things get interesting: there are plenty of modifications that can be done to this pedal by keely, monte allums, and others, that turn this otherwise mediocre pedal into a raging beast, dripping with tone and gain that sings for weeks. for the cost of this pedal, and the $30 or so that it costs to get the materials for a mod, are well worth it. mine is modified with the monte allums tri-gain rectifier modification and it's absolutely killer. i use it as a lead boost, but by itself it's a nice overdriven tone that you'll find plenty of use for. if you want a basic, solid, well-built distortion pedal, this is it - but by itself the boss ds-1 is really nothing special. but as a platform for great-sounding mods, you can't go wrong.  overallrating 3 lineend
name StudioDude review i know, i know, many people hate on this pedal, calling it &#34;stale&#34;, and &#34;generic&#34;. the problem that they have is that they simply haven't found the right settings on the pedal and the amp, because, after all, the settings on both the amp, and the pedal do make a difference. one thing to note is that it is a bit on the quiet side in my opinion. i have a digitech bad monkey, and i set the level on that to 2 so it matches up with the amp. with this pedal, i have to crank the level to make the clean tone the same level as the distorted tone.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Victor review this is an excellent distortion pedal for people who want a traditional rock sound. i use it with a fender mustang amp and an ibanez guitar with good humbucking pickups. it's very easy to use and rugged. if you play metal, you might want to get the hardwire tl-2 instead; that pedal delivers more distortion (an insane amount, if necessary) and more tone control, but it's also more expensive. but you can easily boost the distortion achieved by the ds-1 by using it with your amp on an overdriven setting. the ds-1 is an excellent general purpose distortion pedal. i don't know of any other that achieves this level of quality in the same price-range.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Walter review first off i am no expert on these things but i can tell you in the brief period in which i have owned my ds-1 i have enjoyed playing/practicing a lot more with this pedal. i have a fender wannabe guitar, and a fender sidekick 10 which means my gear isn't the best but the pedal produces a wide variety of distortion and tone changes which keeps me interested. i am having so much fun that i don't even notice my fingers hurt anymore. honestly, this is an essential buy when starting out along with headphones and a cord extension so the police don't come a knockin.(update sept 2012)it is a year later and i have a much better guitar and amp and a lot more knowledge. i am glad i got the ds-1 but for other reasons. sure it made me enjoy playing and practicing a lot more but i soon found the sound was off considering i like more blue and classic rock. again for the money i dont think you can beat it but more importantly when you have a few buck you can send it out for modification from keeley. initially i had wished i went with and overdrive (ocd or boss od-3) but with the mod done by keeley i have a super flexible pedal that cover just about all the sounds i need. in closing, spend the $40 buck and get this....and then when you start wishing it could do more send it off to be modified and you will thank yourself later.  overallrating 5 lineend
name aceofbase review good metal distortion tone with bags of sustain but sucks a lot of tone (most metal pedals do) and is moderately noisy. if you are looking for classic rock sounds you won't find them here. can get muddy at times but there are plenty of settings to tweak to get the sound you are looking for. i find it useful for high gain leads and palm mute rhythms but note definition is not so good with chords. for the price this pedal is a good deal though!  overallrating 4 lineend
name Alexander review i've had this for about 11 years now. even with some of the newer metal pedals on the market, this pedal still sells well. not to mention, it's probably also one of the most modded pieces out there. any number of mods can be found online to change the sound. they're usually on the side of improving the stock tone, which i'm happy with.i've always liked the parametric eq on this pedal. the variable midrange allows me to get marshall or mesa flavors. for most metal/hard rock music, the gain range is enough for me. if i need yet more gain, i punch it up with an overdrive, or a compressor pedal for a cleaner boost. even without a boost, i can use it for death metal. i think if you play the tighter, more technical styles, it's better not to have too much gain anyhow.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Anon review to be honest, i was looking for a pedal that would give me distortion similar to megadeth's first album kimb. so far i havnt got a perfect setup on it yet, but ive got close enough to it. this pedal is great, only a couple notes i should make about it. do not buy this pedal if your expecting to play classic rock, or just rock in general. this pedal is for metal. the battery drains like a mf. i dont understand why. the only possible explanation i can think is that i leave it plugged into guitar and amp, but ive had other pedals that wouldnt drain the battery unless its turned on. i prefer just to get an ac adapter and not use batteries. other than those few things iv had no problems with this great pedal.  overallrating 4 lineend
name From review i have a lot of pedals... in fact, i have 2 distortion and 2 overdrive pedals (though only the mt2 and the od3 are regularly in my rig.) this pedal won't give you a \"cranked up tube stack\" sound. no... instead, it's very edgy and smooth as can be. it has a mid-sweep knob on it to help sculpt your tone. i usually use it as a mid-boost for solos. you'll find that you get amazing sustain and a huge sound that you won't be able to replicate (easily... i'm sure the huge boss distortion box comes close, but for the price...) with any other pedal.  overallrating 5 lineend
name H review i bought mine used three years ago and it works great. it works for a metallica, pantera type sound. you can also get good rock sounds with the gain turned down and eq. adjusted.  overallrating 5 lineend
name J.A review its a great pedal, sound really crunchy, i got a peavy vyper sometime i use this if i want a crunchy style, but the amp i got is really good and has its own distortion styles, i use the heavy metal config on this pedal, i recomend it to anyone... does not introduce noise, i run it on the stock battery, it still works, you can make your guitar sound like metallica or megadeth, of course it also depends on a lot of things, like pickups, amp, etc..., i also have a very old little peavey practice amp, this blows away the distortion that it has with less noise and gives it a new life.listen to it on the boss website, i heard to it and then i thought the sound was not going to be similar because of the equipment used by them, but it does sound really really close. regards. forgive my english... not from the u.s  overallrating 5 lineend
name Josh review by far the best distortion pedal out there. no doubt about that. several of my friends use this pedal, and they all love it. i also see many popular bands using this distortion pedal. it's great for medal. it have a nice punch to it along with a great &#34;cut&#34; so you're palm mutes don't blend into each other like other pedals. there are several knobs offering seemingly unlimited combinations. amazing  overallrating 5 lineend
name Matt32 review first of all i want to say i love a tube amp distortion. overdriven tubes are just how its meant to be. i run a randall g3 hybrid amp and it destroys any solid state i've used or heard. for recording i use a peavey 5150 and its so sweet. tubes are how guitar was meant to be heard.recently i started playing with a band that required a dirty tone that i felt like could only be achieved through a pedal. there is absolutely nothing wrong with using distortion pedals, i used the dod death metal for years when i first started playing. however, there is a downside. go cheap and you get a piece of crap that makes your rig sound like an old am radio, if you want something that sounds pro quality your going to shell out at least $250. quality dist. pedals are not budget friendly.i chose the mt-2 because i know boss makes a quality product and it was the pedal the other guitarist was using. it gives a variety of sounds. it can be set up for an overdriven light distortion sound or full blown high gain metal tones. the controls make it very tweakable and i have gotten a load of very nice sounds out of it. read the included book, look up some mp3s over videos online and check out other guitarists' settings. it will help you tame this pedal into what you want. perfect pedal for those not wanting to spend a whole lot. there are also mods you can buy and install in the pedal or buy preinstalled from certain dealers that open it up to even more shaping and make it more useful.i've seen a lot of complaints about the pedal sounding like nothing but fuzz. i must say learn how to shape sound, spend time dialing it in to your rig. within 10 minutes i was pleased with the mt-2. i used it on my overdrive channel to push it harder and got a really thick, heavy distortion with a good response.i say the mt-2 is worth an investment if you're looking for a big distortion sound from a little pedal. surely something guitarists should consider adding to their board.  overallrating 4 lineend
name MetalFan review this is a great pedal i picked up used, they can be had cheaply on the used market. i actually use it with both an acoustic electric guitar to get a little distortion and the bass guitar for some grit. the 2 eq pots on the front panel make it very versatile, enough to use with a cigar box guitar also.the pedal can preserve bass signal and still be eq'd for saturated distortion. the other reviews speak for this pedal both here and on other sites and one can see why it is so popular. i also other boss distortion pedals. like most people, i own a ds-1 and an md-2 which are both cheap and effective. i own a hm-2 heavy metal 2 which caters more to the traditional metal sound and i actually think this pedal is more versatile imo with different guitars where you may not want a strictly metal tone.i also own an older 80's hm-2 heavy metal which will run circles around the metal zone for classic thrash and speed metal tones and almost any other heavy distortion pedal that i could never part with, overall i like this pedal, but it cannot top the older legendary boss pedals.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Wil review bought it as a gift. friend loved it very much.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Amazon review i love boss pedals. i owned a ds-1 (distortion) and a mt-2 (metal zone) for years, and loved them both. this one, is a good \"meet in the middle\" of those two. it's great if you want some really good bluesy distortion, or you can crank the color and get some thick distortion.as always, this pedal is very well constructed and sturdy. i love it.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Devin review this pedal was the mainstay of my effects for a few years. it really does have a ton of range, although it only does one effect at a time, so you'd have to reach down and change the knobs mid-show in order to get the other variations. my most commonly used setting was with the overdrive-distortion mix knob at about 2 o'clock, which produces a very professional sounding grunge-type effect. if you want any of those 90's sounds, excluding the heavier metal sounds, this pedal will definitely get you there.  overallrating 4 lineend
name Federico review very simple, very user-friendly,and the feature that is most important i think, versatile. the os/ds and drive knobs allow you to chose between a very different bunch of tones. and also, for the money, a great deal. 100% recommended.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Rexomus review i first used this pedal when my green screemer died. a friend had and os-2 on hand and let me use it. i had used boss's metal zone before and it produced too nasal of a tone for my liking. so i plug into the os-2 and i was pleasently impressed with the range of distortion and overdrive the os-2 pedal produced. i play through a '59 fender bassman and the mix of those tubes with this pedal produce some very sweet tones. i have also played this pedal through a solid state amp and i am still impressed. i have spent years searching for a pedal that could produce a nice tight churnch with a warm and low bottom end, my search ended with this pedal. i highly recomend this pedal to any rock, blues, metal, country, or punk guitar player.  overallrating 5 lineend
name Brian review it's a good od, but i thought it would be higher output, and more articulate. just personal preference. i mean, the pedal is a classic for a reason.  overallrating 3 lineend
name C3p-BRO review this thing freaking rocks! i love this pedal. i can't stop using it. sometimes i just play long, drawn out chords so i can listen to this amazing tone [in combo with distortion on my amp - it's perfect metal!!]  overallrating 5 lineend
name charles review excellenti like i am very happyI am looking for money for the following purchase for amazonthe pedal boss arrives in the time necessary thank you  overallrating 5 lineend
name Beach review bought it for using danelectro mini amp, so i don't need to worry about the battery. it works perfectly as an adaptor should be, & you won't have any surprise by its performance. :) two stars out because of comparing the price with the mini amp (less than $20), the adaptor is pricy ($8.50), but it still saves me $$ for the long runs.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Devin review the problem with this pedal is that you have to step all the way down on it to turn it on, which produces a sound. the morley pedals have a separate on/off switch, so you can turn them on or off at a given position. the difference is the sound is just a bit more professional if the wah isn't always turning on or off at the top of the wah frequency. suppose you wanted to set the wah in the middle, and just leave it there. you can't really do that with this pedal. it is a bit smaller than a morley wah, but in my experience, the sound is equivalent on the base models.  overallrating 3 lineend
name James review if you want your guitar to sound like eddie van halen, joe satriani and other guitarists studio album guitar sound, then get a boss gt-10 (guitar multi effects processor) and install boss gt-10 patches by james limborg. search google for boss gt-10 patches by james limborg.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Matt32 review \"oh its a crybaby\ \"i have a crybaby wah\ \"you suck because you don't own a crybaby\"...i'm tired of hearing these statements from guitarists that are so fresh they couldn't even tell you how many strings their instrument has! this wah pedal just doesn't cut it. maybe at one time, but not today, it hasn't been up to par in a long time. as a young player i insisted on having a wah pedal. my mom bought me this one. i thought it was awesome until i learned better. it took me about a week to learn how to turn it on and when i finally did i thought i broke it!the eq on this pedal isn't good, there is no smooth transition from heel to toe. there is a big drop in the freq. that kills the effect. you have to pump your foot really fast to avoid having that drop. you have to pretty much push it toe foward and then literally stomp on it to turn it on and then follow the same steps to turn it off. very inconvenient for someone who is trying to rapidly move between effects on a board. i can't say its just a complete piece of junk, it does give you a wah effect, it is a classic pedal but there is better out now so why are we still stuck in the stone age with this thing? i even had someone mod mine and while it gave it a little more headroom and fixed the dropping issue, i still had to slam on it to turn it on/off and it still sounded like a cheap wah.my suggestion? the mark tremonti wah is great! kicks this things end when it comes to range and simplicity to use! it may cost more, but you will probably end up hating the crybaby and getting one anyway, so just go with the tremonti power wah to begin with. what i use for wah is the digitech rp250 processor. you may say that this is a cheap processor, and it is, but i've been using it for years and i haven't seen anyone that can tell the price of it based on the sound quality and thats what matters. why i suggest it for wah is you can control the sensitivity, how hard you have to press your toe down to turn it on (i have mine set fairly light) and you can totally shape your tone right there on the board very easily. you even have presets (crybaby being one of them) you can get an entire processor full of effects and an awesome wah for a little bit more.if you want a cheap child's gimic-type toy, this is for you. want to get serious about a wah? spit on every crybaby you see and go elsewhere.  overallrating 3 lineend
name sam review it sounds good but it adds soooo much noise to my pedal board. if that's not a problem, definitely worth the price.  overallrating 3 lineend
name StormJH1 review i acknowledge that this is a minority opinion - perhaps i just had bad luck with my unit and the attempts to repair it afterwards. but while i loved the sound and functionality of this wah-wah pedal, it would literally last me a few months at a time before it became unusable. i suspected that the potentiameter was shot, so i had that replaced, but the same problems reoccurred. like a horrible static noise as soon as started using it.good product, but hopefully they make them more durable than the particular unit i had.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Mr review although this capo is marked as correct for a mandolin, it only works correctly above the 3rd or 4th fret on my mandolin. any lower on the fretboard than that and this capo doesn't have enough pressure to work on the 1st or 2nd fret position on my mandolin, even though my mandolin has a fairly low action.I have a number of kyser capos and very much like the style (i own at least six kyser guitar capos and use them on all of my guitars from a taylor 12-string to a fender american strat without any problems), but in this case the banjo capo didn't work for what i need. perhaps the capo sent to me was defective, although i have enough decades of experience with stringed instruments to know that it didn't seem broken, just not up to the task.from feedback others have sent to me it is possible this capo may work for you if you wish to take a chance on it, but i know that i don't have time while on stage to take 20 seconds to set a fussy capo 'just right' to make sure it is holding just right and then hope it doesn't start to buzz on me in the middle of a song. i went with another brand after talking to some bluegrass guys who had better luck with another style of mandolin capo.  overallrating 3 lineend
name J. review these came stock on my jackson kelly kexmg. all the other guitars i own have schaller buttons on them and i have one main strap i use for all of the guitars. i figured since the guitar came with them i would try them out. not twenty min later i was removing them and putting schaller buttons in their place. here the 3 major reasons i did not like them over schaller:1- bulky. they stick out too far and on any guitar with a strap button on the back it jabs you in the stomach or below!2- problems engaging. i would push them into the receiver and they pop back out. it wasn't until i forced them in while pushing the button that they went in a stayed in. schallers click in and you know they are ready to go.3- cheap. they just feel cheap. thin metal is used in comparison to the schallers; which have a very heavy and solid feel to them.for a few bucks more i'll stick with schaller's. i have been using them for 10+ years and have never seen one fail.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Jeffrey review . once you deal with the fact that a normal screwdriver won't fit and get the things properly installed, it would probably work out for most people. so if you are stuck with a set, here's what i recommend:go to a hardware store and buy #6 x 1\" oval-head stainless steel replacement screws. note that these won't fit properly, but they are the closest match and can be modified. (they are 21 cents each at my local stores, and would have cost dunlop maybe 10 cents more in bulk than what they paid for the crap screws that come with this.)put the screw into an electric drill (pointy end in) so the screw head is rotating smoothly when you operate the drill. run the drill while using a file or a belt sander to take a fraction of the diameter off the screw head. it doesn't need much. i used a belt sander and it took about 20 seconds each. while you are at it, file down a cheap #2 screwdriver so it will fit into the strap button.install with the new screws as normal, and recommend that your friends try a different brand!  overallrating 2 lineend
name jmhr review the very first thing i noticed about the design is how far from the guitar's surface the strap is actually connected. what this tells me is there is considerable added stress to the screw and the wood surrounding it because of the added leverage to the guitar's weight. the &#34;fulcrum&#34; is the surface of the wood, if this makes sense, and i can't help but wonder if it could eventually (eventually over much time and use) cause cracks or splits as a result.i found someone selling only the dunlop strap buttons, which is a great idea for someone with 2 main straps and several guitars, and was about to order them when i found planet waves elliptical end pins. i think this is the best idea yet for keeping a guitar on a strap, unless you're going to be spinning the guitar around your shoulders, and no additional stress on the guitar's body. i've ordered a set.  overallrating 3 lineend
name John review sorry, i don't like these as they're just too big. they stand out too much. they do work and they're effective but they are too pronounced. there are many good alternatives; strap gaskets, strap locks, undoing the pin and putting it straight into the guitar strap. again, they work, but they're not aesthetic nor elegant. i also got a gold set for my bass and now it looks like i should be wearing big purple platforms when i play. not cool.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Jolly review i agree with another reviewer that the included screws strip much too easy. i purchased a set of these strap locks years ago, and i dont recall having this issue, so i'm thinking that dunlop changed the screws at some point. i was luckily able to get the screws in with some muscle, and the locks are secure. however, due to this issue, i'm considering other alternatives for another guitar of mine that could use strap locks. i hope dunlop fixes this issue soon.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Ray review work very well, nice low profile, easy push button on and off but, it is true, not good for thick straps. and the gold tone ones discolor easy with minimal use.  overallrating 3 lineend
name UncleHammy review the dunlop strap locks work pretty well, but the standard hole cut in a standard leather strap is not big enough to accomidate the locking buttons. the strap has to be modified by increasing the size of the holes. this for all intents and purposes means that you will not be able to use that strap with standard strap buttons ever again.they do work as advertised and they are easy to take on and off for strap adjustment when required.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Phaeton review great guitar companies don't always make (or sell under their aegis) the best strings. i love my teles but i can't stand fender strings. likewise, i love my martin ukulele, but trying these strings for the second time, i had the same conclusion as i did the first; aquila's are far better. aquila's have a more organic feel and a fuller, richer sound. the martins begin to hold their tune sooner - aquila's take a couple of days or more - but the sound is thinner and the feel isn't nearly as friendly. the approximately 3 dollar price difference is not, for me, worth the lesser satisfaction, even on my least expensive ukes. considering how seldom one usually changes uke strings, the higher-priced aquila's still seem to be worth the extra couple of bucks. use the martin's (or any cheaper string) when you are working on your uke, put the stress of repeatedly de-tuning and re-tuning on them. then switch to aquila's for playing. some may like the martins but few won't love the aquila's.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Federico review the thing is that they don't seem to stay! i mean, you can change the position of the pop filter by varying the shape of the metallic &#34;arm&#34;, but it doesn't stay where you put it. and also the material of the filter is of kinda poor quality. but, i think if you're lucky if just might get the job done.  overallrating 2 lineend
name GregoryEEEE review i purchased this after reading the great reviews but like a few of the comments that are on here lately this thing is not good. looked almost used when it arrived and the gooseneck stand is useless. does not come even close to being able to hold up the weight of the filter. i would have returned it but i completely destroyed the package getting it open (which oddly had staples holding it closed).  overallrating 1 lineend
name James review wind screen is way too big its bulky and to me useless, the screen came out, was thinking of glueing it back in but went to ebay and bought 2 metal mesh pop filters cheaper that is much better...avoid this!!  overallrating 1 lineend
name John review i ordered this product to use for personal recording, and thought...what could possibly go wrong? i ordered it \"new,\" and it definitely shows signs that it not new. first, the package was stapled, that's right- stapled together in a way in which you could tell the product had been opened. then, to make matters worse, there is a hole in one side of the fabric. when i order something new, i expect it to be new. based on this product alone, i would not recommend buying from this seller.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Larry review this is a decent pop filter. it gets the job done but it has a few flaws. it attracts a good amount of dust, the screen tends to mess up (which caused me to tear the first screen), & the goose neck tends to unwrap it's self out of place. it also gets shakey so i tend to have to screw it back in. other than that, it's a decent pop filter but not for the price. under $10 would've been better. i should have went with something cheaper than $20 cough cough the auphonix pop filter cough cough but, i will in the future.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Loren review does not stay in place well.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Nilram review well, what can i say? based on the customer reviews, this purchase seemed like a no-brainer. however, after only 4 months of light use (used on my rig at home) it is toast. the cable barely holds a signal now (constantly need to jiggle the thing to work). and before you ask, &#34;is it perhaps your output jack?&#34;, all of my other cables work with my gee-tar. so it is definitely the cable :(anyway, i gave it 2 stars because while it was working it sounded great through my roland jc120.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Jared review as the title states, this is a lightly padded duffle bag, nothing more. if you're toating between practice with an instructor, it's okay. i purchased it for that reason...and i'm an adult, so i can be careful. this bag is useless for kids as a drop would likely result in damage. i would even go so far as to call it a glorified dust rag. it will prevent my guitar from scuffs, dings, dent & dirt, but that's it.there are better gig bags at a comprable price and the only reason i gave it two stars was becuase of the dirt cheap price.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Randy review this gigbag is a very tight fit for my epiphone les paul. their is minimal padding, so it is little more than a dust cover. i tossed it aside, and bought a fender gigbag. the fender is heavily padded, and gives me some serious protection.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Jerry review i got this for my boss loop station, but it doesn't work very well. i keep hoping i'll find something it does work well with...  overallrating 1 lineend
name Hagen review we all have different tastes in guitar picks, i know, as i wrote elsewhere, the dunlop tortex are awful for acoustic, in my opinion. these ultex are much better. not as noisy, better feel. still not my favorites. i'll have them with me for spares.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Michael review that said that you should get a size less then you really want but they are wrong. i bought the .90 gauge at guitar center and love them. these were made for that dave mustain muted crunch sound. i don't know if i will use these forever but for right now i love them. just hard enough for speed picking but light enough to stay in your hand without moving around like 1 mils do.dunlop ultex sound awesome and so far they still look like new.buy em!!!!  overallrating 2 lineend
name Ian review this is not a bad product, just not great. as soon as i received it, i installed it on my custom made grit laskin guitar, and played with it for over two hours. installation was fast, and only took a couple of minutes. my problems with it are 3 fold: #1. sounds just a bit \"tinny\" = too much on the high end, and not an equal amount of bass. #2. a small complaint is that you have to dismantle the entire installation just to change the batteries, and i couldn't get mine to work in \"passive\" mode. #3. and the biggest complaint, is that the volume control is difficult to get to when you're performing on stage. you have to stick your finger in the hole on the top side of the strings and fumble around trying to change the volume which is very sensitive so all of sudden you can be too loud or too soft. like i said, it is not a bad product, just not top notch, and definitely not for professionals. if you're just fooling around at home, or recording at home, it is fine, and will do the job for you. but!!! if you're a pro, you'll want to spend double the money and get an l. r. baggs m-80. the m-80 gives you the truest sound (unbelievable), works in passive mode, and is very easy to change the volume control. sincerely, doc  overallrating 3 lineend
name Keane review i'm using them to angle my speakers up in addition to isolating them from the desk surface. unfortunately, these angle the speakers down by default, so i had to do some cutting and rearranging, but it worked out. if you need to cut these to fit your speakers, try to find something better than scissors, because it's quite hard to cut the foam evenly with them.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Wayne review martin makes a variety of good sounding strings, and these are toward the light end. the sound is bright, but lacks a fullness found with some of the heavier strings such asmartin msp4150 sp phosphor bronze acoustic guitar strings, light-medium.the custom light are easier to play and have a bright tone to them, but can make a guitar sound like a cheaper model compared to the light-medium. some disadvantages to the thinner strings are that they can limit your dynamics. if you strum harder, they are more stretchy and the tuning will be less consistent, changing the tone for the same reason a review s before deciding because there are other equally valid viewpoints just as each player is unique.  overallrating 3 lineend
name rb1947 review brand name, good string, good tone, seem to last awhile but i change strings often so never really know how long a set will last.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Harry review long story short, this string set has a strong metallic character, which distorts the natural sound of your guitar so much. many people might like it, but for me, absolutely Noooooooo!I have a seagull guitar, so by its nature it sounds mellow, warm and mild with stock strings. so when my strings wear out, i got this. now i feel like playing an emg bridge on my fender/archtop's neck position, without the power that an emg pickup has to offer. yes, it is that bad, you can't do this to guitars like seagulls...bottom line, i recommend this string set for people looking to boost distortion on their guitar. if you have guitars like seagulls or so, definitely avoid this string.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Hagen review i've been playing guitar for over 40 years, and these tortex picks are nearly the worst i'v ever used. they are so noisy that they overpower the guitar strings with their clackity-clack noise. dunlop ultex picks sound much better.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Arik review i can't hear the sounds of the strings over the flick of these flimsy picks across them. better for electric guitar but still hard to play fast  overallrating 2 lineend
name Kenwood review these just don't have the right feel and the sound isn't that great compared to other materials.the quality control is so so. the picks aren't cleanly cut out they are injection molded and as a result they are left with a thin trim all around them.i'll stick with dunlop gator grip .96mm or prs 1 picks. for more flexibility or acoustic, i prefer fender medium celluloid picks.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Renbutsu review pretty flexible due to the 0.60mm thickness, i would recommend the dunlop max grip picks over these picks. the max grips have a much better grip.please click yes if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, i will be more than happy to answer if i can be of help.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Mrs. review since they were named &#34;gator grip&#34; i expected them to have a good gripping surface. that was not the case. the entire material and holding surface is the same material. also they weren't as large as i expected. they are still usable as decent picks.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Rolf review i started doing a lot of fingerstyle guitar playing, and it seems to have made my fingertips slick. so i have a hard time holding on to picks (when i use them) on upstrokes. i'm sure i could improve my technique and fix the problem, but it's more fun to blame the pick! these picks were no different from picks without the &#34;gator grip&#34; imho. but gorilla snot worked beautifully.  overallrating 3 lineend
name AF review first, i love these picks and used them exclusively for years. i have dozens of them, they never wear out. i used to use them when playing in a loud rock band, and never had any issues. they are very comfortable, and easy to control.now the bad: the sound. not the sound of the plucked not itself, but the hard plastic of the pick against the string makes a very noticeable \"plinking\" sound that is audible through your amp. if all you're playing is loud music, this may not be an issue. but i essentially stopped using them when i started playing in a different band with more dynamics, because during quieter passages the plinking sound of the pick on the strings is very noticeable to me.so, too bad. i think these are great picks, but i'd like them to be made of a softer material.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Boiler98 review so, these picks are really nice, but the picture is not what you will get. these picks are translucent purple. other than the strange color, they are good picks. they really do help with speed and accuracy. great for mandolin playing.updated: amazon has changed the image for this item, so now the picture really does show what you will get.  overallrating 3 lineend
name DMANBASS review i dont know why they are called big stubby. they are on the small side. way to thick for me. they do sound good though and will last a long time. i feel like i am playing with a nickle. i like the indentation. helps the grip a lot. i should have paid more attention to the size and thickness. still looking for the right picks for me. if these were slimmer and a bit larger i would buy again.  overallrating 3 lineend
name frank review looking for picks for bass , this one did not work for me, it is thick and hard, good attack.but only thumb picks work, so i can use my fingers too.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Frederick review the thing about picks or plectrums if you prefer is that they are really a matter of preference and once you pick one (no pun intended) you should try to stick to it and get used to it through practice. i've used many different types of picks over the years and i've not found the ideal one for me until recently when i decided to use a silverpick which is basically a standard triangle thin design but made of silver which i find fits my needs the best and so far it's just a case of getting used to it. this particular dunlop pick is as described being fat, stubby and sturdy with a nice grippable centre and if you are the kind of lead guitarist who uses a lot of pinch harmonics this pick will be good for you as the maximum grip and most comfortable holding position exposes very little of the pick face. the hardness will make it good for fast playing but the thickness also makes it difficult to get a firm grip too and the very small size makes it easy to lose your grip if you hit the strings too hard. this makes it unfit for bass players and for strumming although you could get used to this for lead guitar playing. for me though, i'll keep this among my collection of picks for use but it's not my default or preferred choice for play.  overallrating 3 lineend
name MojoMMjojo review another item never received but i would not use anything over .88 mm anyway was mean for experimentation i have learned since this purchase.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Peter review the right pick is a personal preference. nothing wrong with dunlop stubby pick, but it's not for me. i bought a pack of 2 mm picks last year and loved them but left them in florida when i went north. i forgot the name of my favorite pick and bought these by mistake.  overallrating 3 lineend
name M. review to a great brand like dunlop. let's hope this is just a short-term fluke.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Aichokeu review they work good. way to stiff and small for me though. great attack but holding onto it is the problem. the slick finish makes it kinda hard to hold onto and the small amount of pick that shows makes strumming difficult without hitting your finger on the strings. i imagine it would work great for lead players but i'm a rhythm player.  overallrating 3 lineend
name DMANBASS review they are half the size of a regular pick. bit too thick for me. sound nice. will last forever. wish i had sized them before i bought them.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Slick review i bought these and used them for a week before giving my review.if amazon used half-stars, i would have given them 3.5/5. i just couldn't bring myself to give them a 4/5 so i went with 3/5, here's why:i've used standard medium picks for over 20 years. switching to these was not a problem at all. sure, they are smaller but not small enough to cause me any problems. by far the biggest change was the &#34;pointy-ness&#34; of the picks. the distinct point on the pick drastically changes the sound of your playing, especially when playing chords. everything is much more pronounced, which isn't necessarily a good thing in my opinion. it's especially bad when playing clean electric (picking notes or strumming).if someone was to ask me if these are good picks, my answer would be &#34;it depends.&#34; it really does, in my opinion, it depends on what you're playing. from a rhythm standpoint, i don't like these at all - they take the warmth out of the chords because the point of the pick makes strummed chords sound too sterile to me. for lead work they are ok because you can really dig into each note and have it come through.could i play faster with them? no. could i pull off amazing licks that i couldn't do with my normal picks? no.i tried them, but didn't like them. maybe if you typically play a ton of lead work, constantly, these would be the way to go. i don't, and they aren't for me. i'm glad i tried them, though, because i'll never wonder again if they were for me.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Wynn review i've used these for more than two years but recently shifted to its big brother, the jazz 3 xl. same thickness and feel /tone, but in a larger form factor. i would definitely recommend the xl version if rhythm+lead work is required. for strictly solo work with easy to achieve pinch harmonics, this one is better.  overallrating 3 lineend
name AF review i bought some of these a few years ago just to try them out. the \"gel\" in the name sounded intriguing. these are ok, the colors are bright, but otherwise they're just standard plastic picks, which on an electric i prefer nylon because it's less \"clicky\" on the strings. these are fine, and if i pull one out of my gig bag i'll use it, but overall there are other styles of pick that i'd buy before buying these again. nothing wrong with them, but they're just normal plastic picks, nothing special other than maybe the brightness of the colors.  overallrating 3 lineend
name J. review i like fender mediums, always have, but, i gotta branch out man. not sure about these picks yet. the feel a little more stiff my usual. i want them to last longer. what happened to the days when you carried the same pick around in your pocket for months and played it until it was round?  overallrating 3 lineend
name Linda review i recently ordered a wide variety of picks to find the ones i liked best. these sounded different \"gel\" picks. i do not like them. being see through distracts me. they are a little scratchy on the edges. perhaps a more experienced guitar player would do fine with them but being at the stage where i am still looking at what i am doing - i just can't use them well.  overallrating 3 lineend
name T review i actually forgot that i bought the heavy and medium versions of this pick. it's not a bad pick, i will continue to use them but i wish they had a softer center, or softer coating where you grip the pick to prevent it from turning or falling out of my fingers.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Amazon review if you can't find a container and add your own sponge, then buy this.keeping a valuable guitar humidified is essential.i think this item should cost three bucks at most, and $1.50 would still yield a healthy profit!i made some more from stuff from the dollar which i think are better.i use this one for my baritone uke, and the bigger ones i made i use in my dreadnaughts.if you make your own, just make sure to not let the sponge drip, ie, wring it out, and make sure it does not actually touch any bare wood.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Chuck review it's nothing special. no frills, just a simple concept that works. it's important to maintain humidity in your instrument, especially in a dry climate like west texas. the evaporation rate will depend on the amount of humidity in the air where you store your instrument.so, when you first start using it, you have to be diligent to check the sponge regularly to ensure that it is still moist.  overallrating 3 lineend
name G. review i have an electronic indoor/outdoor thermometer that shows relative humidity and a whole house humidifier.it is interesting to see just how quickly relative humidity changes inside and outside with that electronic thermometer.the whole house humidifier pumps out about 3 gallons of water a day into a 1500 sq ft house during the fall and winter keeping the indoor humidity around 47%.this makes the house feel warmer and makes my breathing easier. makes the whole house safer for the martins.now you can use a little in the case humidifier like this to help with humidity, but i think you really need a whole house solution and a monitor system.a sponge in a zip lock bag with a few holes works well too. just don't get water on the wood.and don't forget to take the silica gel packs out of the little accessory compartment in the case. many guitars come shipped with these and their job is to remove humidity from the case.all the better acoustic guitar shops i go to have a big humidifier running in their showrooms.  overallrating 3 lineend
name James review i wish it was a little longer lasting but it does do the trick. my guitar would probably not be happy without it.  overallrating 3 lineend
name jb review it's simple, basic, but i don't think it does that good of a job. this is because it doesn't really humidify that much and doesn't extend very far into the guitar.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Jeffrey review a simple system for gettting humidity into the guitar; the price is just right and it is very simple to use.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Russ review we all know it's just a container with a sponge in it, no biggie. i bought it to get super saver shipping on something else and because i plan to keep an all-solid acoustic guitar at a weekend place where it will sit unused for long periods of time. jamming it between the guitar strings and getting it hooked onto them feels a bit rough on the strings. but it should do the job.  overallrating 3 lineend
name R. review this product is not what it seems. it has a cool name, but that's about it. it's a tool oil that stinks. i tried my best to get use to this product, but learned that there are much better ways after going into the studio and recording for the 1st time. after doing away with the fast-fret, my playing has improved and i hardly ever have to change my string because of gook. not to mention that getting that crap on my fingers was just nasty. i now use old english and my guitars thank me, my nose thanks me and my fingers thank me. you will too...  overallrating 1 lineend
name stefanj review i got this product to clean and condition my guitar fretboards (well duh!) does it work? yes and no. first it did not appear that anything was coming out. after a bit of rubbing i did notice a &#34;slight&#34; bit of solution (turns out its mineral oil)on the fretboard by the frets. i tried to spread it out with the included cloth and discovered that the cloth was useless (a paper towel would hold up better- seriously!) i used an old tee shirt square and spread some of the oil around- but honestly it took me 10 to 15 mins and i noticed no difference in the appearence or the playability of the guitar. it says to use it before and after each session- thats about 30 mins of my time per guitar (i general play 2 guitars durning the course of a session). i do still use this occasionally, but i would not spend money to purchase it again. just not what i was looking for in a fret board cleaner.  overallrating 3 lineend
name tj review i used this on a 5string bass. i liked how this helps me slide around the fretboard easier. my friend tried it on her acoustic guitar and hated it.her reason for her opinion is simple. this stuff puts out a lot more oil (or whatever it is) than you would think. this has the unintended consequence of the oil making your hard-earned callouses soft...which when playing guitar can lead to bleeding fingers pretty fast (and did for my friend).to apply this you simply hold the handle and press down while running it along each string, one string at a time. i highly suggest you only use one slide down each string. at first it may not look like anything is getting on your strings, but give it a few minutes and you will start to see the excess oil appear and start pooling under the strings on your fretboard. that's ok. you will need to wipe away the excess, and i'm telling you, if you accidentally get too much, that excess oil may not come off easily (didn't for me at least). mine left little pools of oil between the frets, and i only used one swipe and thought i had just a little on there. naturally, this product also makes your fingers very oily feeling. my friend hated that part too, and i agree with her. soft callouses = no callouses. this is a good product idea, and i like it in theory, and with my thick bass strings i didn't have the severe problem w soft fingertips that she did. just be aware of the possibility of that being a problem for you.it does what it says, but you may not like what else it does or how it feels on your fingers.  overallrating 3 lineend
name isaiah review this works, and i really like evans. but i got 2 of these and they both looked different and looked cheap. although i have been using it for awhile now with hard use and it is holding up great and saving my kick drum head from abuse.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Kodack review cheaply made and thin leather leave a lot to be desired. at least it's long enough for even the lowest slung of guitar postures. this should accomadate a bass as well due to the extra length.i am comparing it to $10 guitar center straps which have double leather ends which are much sturdier than the ones on this ernie ball strap, which are thin and single ply. i wouldn't trust this strap without a strap lock.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Quaestor review nothing special. just like every other strap of its kind. i compared it to other poly straps i have and it's ok. no better and no worse. price was good. it took a long time to come. leather ends seem ok. i mention that because it appears to be the main complaint..i'm using it as a spare so it should be ok. i'm a little disappointed. i'm used to a higher quality from eb products. it is very adjustable and should be able to be used by nearly everyone. i don't perform a lot of antics on stage, it's just me and the axe. i don't expect any problems. hope this helps. small &#34;thumbs up&#34; to amazon.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Rojimbo review the hole at the end where you hook it up gets worn out easily .. just try and leave it on always..its cheap but it wont fail, wont drop your guitar, if you're careful.  overallrating 3 lineend
name AllThingsTech review not a great mic, but if you need something realitively cheap, it'll do. limited dynamic range. but, it works. wish i'd have gotten something a little nicer though.  overallrating 2 lineend
name RobE review the previous reviews are pretty accurate, though i would add that when the pignose cabinet is closed, it can often sound rather boxy. it sounded much clearer and cleaner when it was opened a couple of inches.as for using pedals with it, it will take distortion to a degree. it reaches a point, if pushed too hard, at which the definition of the distortion will begin turning mushy and shrill. you can use a distortion + overdrive to decent effect, especially if you are running a cleaner sounding od like a tube screamer. i don't think it would do so well with a bad monkey, for example, though, which has more dirt in the tones it produces. i don't have a fuzz box (not yet, but have one on order), but i think most fuzzes will sound like crap unless you use a relatively cleaner, sweeter one like the red witch fuzz god or the seymour duncan tweak fuzz. otherwise, you will hear too much ground asphalt in the sound.my wah wah, a morley power wah, was almost useless with it. the limited frequency response of the 5\" speaker made it sound overly throaty on cleans and when i put the boost in the shrillness would show itself again.a chorus pedal sounds totally sweet on it, but a phaser, in my case, a phase 90, just destroys the sound. a flanger is also not really advisable. you can use delay, just not with very rapid repeats. putting a compressor in front of your clean signal would probably make it more manageable for the pignose' speaker. i just bought a dynacomp, but haven't tried it on the piggy.this is a good cheap first amp to buy for a youngster who is just beginning their journey on guitar and for practice when you are on the road on vacation or business. once the young 'un seems dedicated, though, it is time to think about moving up to a vox ac15c1 (note: that amp can do hard rock fine, but not high gain metal) or an engl screamer. i personally can't imagine recording with it, but y guess that would depend on the engineering skills available to you.  overallrating 3 lineend
name happypup review it's ok but a little cheaper quality than i expected. i would recommend going a little higher price. it also arrived cracked.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Cliff review good length but very slippery. i had my wife sew nice cotton fabric to the backside using white thread and it look better and doesn't slide around. i took sandpaper to the lightning bolt for the more faded rugged look and it is actually a very rad strap that i have been commented on a few times now. for the price, why not? be creative and make it original and it can be a very nice addition to a nice acoustic or electric. as far as the base product, it has gone through a lot of use and is not showing any signs of wear.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Dustin review it just randomly pops off my bass, it's so slick that when you let go it the neck just goes straight down. i hate it.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Gutjammer review years ago i used the clayton &#34;small teardrop&#34; picks. i couldn't tell from the picture, that these were full size, and i didn't check the size in the description. i still had a few of the small ones, so i used them as templates, to cut these down. i would have rated them higher, if i could have used them as is. it's my own fault for not looking at the specifications. i purchased two six packs of clayton teardrop picks, but found dunlop 423r60 0.60mm (orange) tortex small tear drop guitar picks, 36-pack which are a lot cheaper.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Daniel review this is a basic eq pedal, that is a bit noisy in my testing. even when running on battery power, there is a bit of hiss that is just enough to be annoying in my rig and probably enought to be very annoying in some higher gain rigs.  overallrating 2 lineend
name lunchie review for a cheap eq it does great. sometimes though when i hit the switch the light turns on and there is a second before the signal comes back. if it was not for that it would be a 5 star rating. i am not too worried about it because the pedal + loop pedal is still cheaper then the mxr or boss eq's  overallrating 3 lineend
name RON review i don't like the feel or sound of these strings. i bought both the 10 and the 11 and they both hurt my fingers and sound like tin foil. i would not buy these again  overallrating 2 lineend
name almost review i have owned two of these stands. the first one was rendered unusable after the set screw disappeared. the second one must have walked off on its own while i was moving to a new place. not the greatest stands by any means, but for what they're worth, i didn't mind spending another $10 to get one. sure there are other stands of much higher quality that are even more compact and portable. but price, ability to collapse, and it's light weight made it the one i bought... again.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Andrew review it is not the size for mini guitar. may be for the big one...connections are shaky. you will surely notice that the quality is toooo low.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Clam review total flimsy junk. it leans wayyy too far back. i'll be damned if i put my $1000 guitars on these things. on the other hand, chromacast makes one that's very close to this price, and i doubt that it could have been more for the money i paid.in summary... do not BUY this piece of junk.  overallrating 1 lineend
name jsnchmpn review ...for something, but not a guitar. wasn't sure what to do with it so i now use it to mount a large cookbook, or notepad computer, so i can follow a recipe. it seems to work okay for that. just don't use this for guitars. an electric guitar will slide out and fall because it leans back too far, and the arms have no grip. this thing was obviously created by a monkey in some closed door creative testing experimental project. it may even give you aids! but probably not. however, animals could have been harmed in the making. but most likely, and in reality, it will not hold your guitar in a safe manner.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Chuck review great concept....everything rolled into one product. winder, string cutter and end pin remover. the price is fair for all that.  overallrating 3 lineend
name G. review not much better than the dollar version of the peg winder. thought it would be more ergonomic and having the stringer cutter in one tool would be a plus.... but, not quiet up to par. you'll be better off with the dollar string winder and a cheap pair of snips.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Kazmir review its great for cutting strings but the winder is pretty difficult if you don`t know what your doing. warning for beginners don't get this!!!!  overallrating 3 lineend
name luiszo review the winder works really well and same with the cutter, but using the cutter can be a bit cumbersome. i guess for taking w/ you on gig bag would be great as you only have one tool, but if using at home, then i think is more convenient to have a separate cutter. that's what i do anyway. still i think is a good tool to have.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Michael review the peg winder is what it is, it winds pegs and there's not much to it. the string cutter is too bulky to use in most cases so i still need a set of snips when using this thing.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Mustafa review does the job well enough  overallrating 3 lineend
name Robert review the wire clipper and winder work o.k., but the pin puller is badly designed and doesn't slip under the ball of the pin in order to lift it out. bad design by someone who doesn't use it to pull pins out of a bridge. i end up using a jim dunlop capo to pull bridge pins out. i've done it successfully for years.  overallrating 2 lineend
name someguy2011 review header says it all. works well enough as a string winder, but i was really lookin for something to pull my bridge pins with and for me, this did not work well at all. went back to my trusty rubber tipped pliers and just had to be gentle.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Tinfoot review i honestly really didn't find this thing useful at all. first, the wire clipper side is relatively bulky (no flush cutting) and doesn't open easily (very stiff action), so trying to get the clipper onto the wire with the very small opening and at the same time peering over the tool itself as it blocks the view - ick. and as for the winder... i suppose if you are doing some heavy initial winding, it can get rather tiring twisting the tuner. but it is a tad big for tuner pegs on anything i used it on, so no nice &#34;tight&#34; fit, more of a &#34;jiggle&#34; fit. plus the clearance needed to actually swing the thing around means having the instrument laying flat on a table doesn't help. didn't even know there was a bridge pin puller on this thing. just looked at it... guess that notch in the peg winder is it.each time i have set out to use it, i end up turning my pegs manually and grimacing over the stiff action of the wire cutters while to align it on the string. i just recently ended up buying a set of crescent brand miniature cutters & needle-nose pliers set(the pliers are just the thing for pulling the strings and keeping tension while winding). when i have to redo my mothers acoustic guitar, i'll try the notch bridge peg puller. but other wise, this thing gets a serious two-star &#34;meh&#34;.  overallrating 2 lineend
name TonyTee review a good piece of kit. except it does have problems removing occasional sticky string pegs. it's also squeakily noisy when string winding. the cutter works perfectly.  overallrating 3 lineend
name trishlink review this winder and cutter...winds and cuts fine...but the pin puller does not fit my guitar pins even though the ad claims that, &#34;...it fits virtually all guitars, banjos and mandolins...&#34; oh well...another lessson learned.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Vensez review sometimes it seems more convenient to use my hand to turn the pegs rather than use this, but it does a pretty good job. i really like the string cutter built into the frame, and the peg puller is my favorite feature. basically, i use this for everything except winding strings.  overallrating 3 lineend
name animulvr review i like dunlop products but... the push down applicators (dunlop's dab-o-matic applicator tops) are horrible idea. one popped right off the other day and oil got all over the place. i will not buy these again or i will remove them and just use a cloth.  overallrating 3 lineend
name James review in general it's ok but when you look at the fine writing on the fingerboard formula it says not to use on maple; which means i can't use it on either of my gibsons. probably better to just get the lemon oil for that separately.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Richard review i bought my new guitar and wanted to keep it in great shape. i guess this kit works okay, but it's hard to use. it will probably last my entire lifetime. i think a smaller kit would have been better. you really need to remove the strings when you use it, so you have to take off all the strings. i usually only replace one string at a time when i am changing strings, so i had to change my habits. if you have a guitar without a truss rod, that may mean you will take a lot more time tuning after you're done changing the strings, since the neck will bend more as you tighten the strings one at a time, and that will change the pitch of the strings you have already tuned. i'm no expert, but i have a gut feeling that this was not money well spent. however, since i love my guitar, i use it anyway.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Nunya review i have used ernie ball strings for along time. mostly slinky's or super slinky's. i read the review on these and thought i would give these a try for the sound they make paired with a lp.i bought these to replace the stockers on the epi lp 100 i just bought. luckily i order two packs. i was putting on the top e string and had turned the crank less than a few times, not near enough tension on the string yet to even be in tune yet, and \"pop\" it broke. i had ordered two sets, so i put on the one from the new set. no problems until i got to the g string, then \"pop\" another breaker. very sad quality.after finally getting them on and in tune (you will need to stretch the top 3 strings alot to get them to stay in tune, especially the e) i have to say they have a great sound to them. nice tone and sustain. great crucnhy sound for metal, but still a good clean tone too. these are thick strings, but still bendable, just not very far. i would rate the sound 5 stars.unfortunately, it takes two packs of strings for one successful stringing to occur because of how brittle the strings are. so i have to give these three stars overall.  overallrating 3 lineend
name RonNW review great highs and lows, but rough on the fingertips, and difficult doing barre chords, slides, and single string progressions. ok with more effort  overallrating 3 lineend
name nette review i read a review saying that there bridge was floating out & the strings were hard to tune aswell as their e string popping. i had the exact same experience but i bought two sets since i know uncoated strings dont last long. so i did get to play em but all my strings (except the a & e) popped on both sets within two weeks i knew it was due to my bridge being made to use a whammy bar (which it came with btw)& the tension it put on my tuning pegs what really got me upset about these strings was that they damaged my tuning pegs and now there harder to turn (have to use pliers sometimes) but the strings sound great & if i get a better guitar i might get these more often but for now im staying w/ medium gauge elixirs.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Frederick review i've been playing guitar for over twenty years now and i've tried just about every guitar string in existance and even these elixir coated strings. i've come to realise that the benefits for a slightly longer life barely makes sense given the much higher price you have to pay for it. eventually, all strings corrode and lose their lustre and if you are a professional playing gigs, you change your strings so often anyway that to pay much more for polycoating doesn't make any sense. if you are the kind that occasionally takes out the axe then maybe this would make a difference but what i do is i get the least expensive ones and make sure i wipe down and clean them, even using products like string cleaners and fast fret to reduce finger squeak if necessary and my strings last for quite some time as well except at a much lower cost.few people know this but only a few guitar stringmakers exist in the u.s. and many of them that are retailed are actually the same strings with different brand names. granted elixir probably isn't one of these as they try to make hay with the time they have left on their patent of this polycoating technology but my thing is why pay so much more for strings when the benefit you get is really not so substantial as to justify the price? i myself use generic kyser stings for my classical and acoustic guitars and memphis electrics for my electric just because they are the cheapest i could find on the web and my sound has not been detrimentally affected in any way. in fact, you are much more likely to improve upon your sound by using better amps and guitar cables than you are with strings; at least most people would be able to hear the difference. don't get me wrong these elixir strings are not bad but you are much more likely to get a better sound by improving your technique (practice), getting better cables, pickups, amps, guitars etc than from just using these strings. for better string life, just wipe down and clean the strings before and after use. this discipline once a habit is good enough.peace!  overallrating 3 lineend
name Bob review i purchased elixir strings after hearing them repeatedly recommended at the music store. put them on my eko ranger xii acoustic 12 string. have 2 problems with the strings. first, the bass e (11th string) broke while tuning it up. had to go to music store and buy a single replacement string (not elixir). i have changed strings many, many times, so i am convinced it was not my stringing, but a weakness in the e string itself. second, the high D (8th string) seems \"dead\"; it does not \"ring\" as it should and as the other high strings do (though none as much as other 12 string sets i've used). considering these strings cost much more than others, i certainly am disappointed in them. hardly matters if they last longer if they don't sound as good.  overallrating 2 lineend
name UncleHammy review after about a month and a half i have noticed some corrision on the a and d strings at the 4th fret. that is a little disapointing because these are suppost to last 3 to 5 times longer than \"regular\" strings. i like the way they sound. they are a little harder to play than the d' addario strings that i am used to on my other guitar, and the martins that i have used in the past. if i still have to change them every 2 or 3 months they are not really worth the extra cost.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Wayfinder review regardless of the string itself, i insist on honesty in advertising and marketing. so when i was earnestly considering ordering this string i read the summary, in which it was stated: review s, this does actually seem to be a good set of strings. which means the product can stand on customer testimony alone and shouldn't need spin to sell. just sayin'. ;)  overallrating 3 lineend
name David review the nanoweb strings do stay clean and they stand up but, on the negative side...i replaced one string in my set with a nanoweb and noticed right away the feel was slippery. when picking my fingers would slip on the nano string rather than pluck. i will stick to cleaning my good old standard strings.  overallrating 3 lineend
name K. review simply because it's pretty obvious nearly everyone else loves these strings. to be honest, i was very, very impressed with their feel and handling. i do think they're the best playing strings i've used when it comes to pure playability. hands down, none better. they were butter-smooth and great for flat picking. but for me it was a trade-off, because i simply wasn't impressed with the tone. i even took the time to try them on three different guitars (all dreadnoughts): a classic maple sides/spruce top, a mahogany back/sides with spruce top, and a maple backs/sides with a nato top. on all three, i didn't like the tone as much as the strings i was using. i really wanted to like them, but they simply didn't have the tone of the medium gauge martin sps i normally use.this isn't to say they're not great strings that sound different on other peoples' guitars, but i simply didn't like them on mine. i love good projection with rich bass tones and ringing treble for the folk and traditional music i play in our jam group. the elixirs just lacked the punchy high tones of the martin strings i use, and the treble sounds tinny vs. the clear ring of the martins i normally use. to be fair, the bass strings sound great, and aren't much different. i would have to say choose your strings carefully based upon how you're going to use them. i play in acoustic groups, and the elixir strings just don't have what i need to be heard, in spite of how great they feel under your fingers. if playability is more important than great tonal range, then by all means buy these strings...you won't be disappointed. i'm guessing these would be fine on an acoustic electric, where the electronics could compensate for the weaker treble tones.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Tony review i bought a set as they were recommended to get the tone i was looking for on my 7 week old guitar. installed as usual and tuned them. they sounded good when played open but compressing them was nearly impossible. my capo could not even hold them. i set the guitar aside for a few minutes and heard the wood creaking. when i looked the face of the guitar was bowing up and the bridge was pulling up and back as if they were trying to pry it off. i released the tension on all the strings as fast as i could and left it. i returned them and got some lighter ones but to no avail. the body is cracked around the bridge and it is useless now. use at your own risk!!!!!!! i personally wouldn't give a nickel for them.  overallrating 1 lineend
name MojoMMjojo review sorry i noticed no difference i believe the price was really good for all the hype they put into these strings  overallrating 3 lineend
name xeal review if you like this guage you'd like these.. i just tried them, just to try.. but i've confirmed i like heavier gauges.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Darkrin review not two weeks after i put these on the a string broke close to the ball on the string. i break high e strings on occasion. but something as thick as an a string?? maybe it was a defective string as i thankfully bought two sets and i was able to pull the a out of the other set and it has been fine since. now however i have the dilemma of should i just buy more strings and just use the second set as i need them. further more do i stick with the same brand. that is supposed to last longer than average strings. at this point i am going to keep playing this set until its time to change then go from there. i will update once i decide if i should stick with this brand or go back to super slinky'supdate 3/25well another month went by(a week ago) and the d string broke in the same fashion leaving me to believe i either got defective strings are these strings are not as good as they are said to be. either way its losing another star. if it happens with a different set of strings i will reevaluate my guitar/review and change accordingly  overallrating 2 lineend
name khoney review i bought these strings after buying some elixir strings for my acoustic, which i was pretty happy with. for my strat, however, these strings did not sound right from the start. after about a week i really started wondering if it was just in my head or if i really didn't have sustain that i thought i usually got from a new pair of strings. i convinced myself that it was these strings that were causing all my problems, and i was right. i put a pair of d'addario xl 9.5 (highly recommended for those players who can't decide between 9s or 10s) and was amazed at how much tone and sustain i was losing with these elixir strings. i did feel like i could move up and down the fretboard easily with these strings, but the lack of sustain and tone have forced me to stay way from these electric strings permanently. don't let the higher price on these strings entice you, go with a good set of d'addario or ernie ball strings for consistent long-lasting strings.  overallrating 2 lineend
name rb1947 review pricey as far as strings go. a lot of people swear by them but i get just as much tone and life out of strings that cost a whole lot less.  overallrating 3 lineend
name K. review after all these reviews i expected the greatest strings ever, golden strands of glory that would last for a year with sparkling tonal perfection!instead, i got a decent set of .10's that lasted a whole hour before the d snapped at the neck pickup. i use a prs with a wilkinson bridge that rarely breaks strings, and i pre-stretch them gently but completely. plus i tune down to eb for vocal and breakage reasons, so i break very few of my normal strings, slinky .10's. ergo, a break in one hour from a thick string under minimal tension, tuned down, is unacceptable, especially when these strings cost three times as much as most all other electric strings.as for the tone, it's definitely bright and almost too edgy, but nicely zingy all told. yet one negative i've noticed after about 8 hours' loud playing with a drummer is that these things seem to vibrate more widely than most strings, making them harder to tune. sounds odd, i know, but when i replaced the d with a slinky d (replacing singles ain't cheap either at triple the price, please note), i've since noticed that it tunes faster and in a tighter range than the elixir strings.so, i must say i'm summarily unimpressed so far with elixir electric strings.what's the good of string lasting a long time if it breaks fast?especially when it costs three times more?and what's up with the tuning thing?and why do these cost so much more, anyhow? is a micro-thin coating of siliconish stuff really worth two bucks extra each string? not when that string is toast in 50 minutes, zero doubt there.anyhow, i've got five elixirs and one slinky on my main ax now, so as they age i'll get a good feel for how the elixirs stay in tune and hold their tone, and i'll report back here in a while. and by the way, that slinky d sounds almost exactly the same as the elixirs, tonally. so much for magic elixir tone.don't get me wrong, i really do want to love these, as i hate changing strings, but geez guys, how about some quality control?if i'm going to pay triple the price, then is it crazy to expect triple the quality? or heck, even just a little better...ps if you look at the d'addario reviews (i love their acoustic strings), they respond to many of the reviews and questions. i hope that elixir will do the same here and address my questions.[edit: and now, after only six hours' of playing on that guitar, the b string popped at the same place as the d, neck pickup. once again i ask: what good are strings that \"sound good three times longer\" if they break three times faster?][edit: 10/31/12. come on! after four more hours, the a string went. i only play that ax one or two sessions a week, and the next time i joked to the drummer, \"which one will go today?\" he said he's amazed the g is still on, as he plays too and knows the g takes the most tension. an hour later, guess what? yep. so that's four broken strings in less than 20 hours' play. seriously?not only are these not a good deal for 9 bucks, i'd be bummed if they cost 3 bucks. the only plus i can think of at this point is they sounded good when new, but dang, unless you play totally smooth jazz or some such, i'd stick with slinkies or d'addarios. unless i got a \"bad set\ which seems kinda lame for triple the normal price. in any case, these elixirs were just not worth the money.][edit, 3/3/13: i called elixir and told them about the multiple breakage, and they sent me another set. that set has taken a few four hour hard rock sessions with no breaks yet, thought the tuning issue remains. i'll add a star for good customer service and the hope that perhaps my first set was a dud. but honestly, at this price, there should be no duds at all.]  overallrating 3 lineend
name Debs review i love the idea of this but i wish i had spent more for a better quality version. i had seen them used by others and chose this one but it is not well made. the number dial is not accurate and is loose so as you are using it you have to keep checking that it has not moved. it works but i'll probably end up getting a better one.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Michael review i would use this again, the plastic around the ball scraped away and the ball flew out making it useless  overallrating 3 lineend
name Mark review this switch does work, but you should look before you leap. the switch travel is greater than it is for a standard 3-way switch, and if you use the common fender replacement control plate (or one that was only intended for a 3-way switch, it may not fit. you could fairly easily alter the plate, but if you want the cleanest look possible you may want to investigate a new control plate.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Stinky review the four-way diagram that comes with the switch does not tell you which side to use. both sides have five tabs and look the same from the above diagram given no matter which way you turn it. i figured it would go the same way as the three-way - wrong. you think fender would have the sense to figure this out, and give us a proper diagram, but guess again. just another example of the incompetence at fender.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Mark review these are nice,and this was easily the best price around. these are made in japan, and i believe they're made for fender by gotoh, so they're good quality. but i was annoyed that they ( the bushings) didn't fit the \"standard,vintage-sized\" .340\" holes in my all-parts neck ( they're a little large).so be aware of that.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Reaperman review looks good but disappointed that they aren't made in the usa. oh well just shows me little by little more and more things aren't anymore.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Anthony review looked like the chrome was cheesey and they ended up breaking but they worked while they were used in a guitar with the proper pinhole next to the screw position  overallrating 2 lineend
name Mr. review i'm using the guides to replace factory guides on my strat and tele. they will require that i drill a shallow hole to seat the guide properly. i hate drilling holes in guitars but it has to be done. the quality of these guides is not what i expected. they are cast and plated and have some rough edges to them. if you want a very clean looking finish i would look for a higher quality guide. at this point i'm not even sure that i will use them.  overallrating 3 lineend
name NPunk42 review meh, these things are what they are. they didn't solve any problems or make anything better. oh well, sometimes you just gotta do stuff for no reason.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Rich review i had a hard time lineing them up to install .the little knob on them made it very hard to install.so good luck ..  overallrating 3 lineend
name Bill review did not hold the strings down very well for me... i love the feel of it, but the spring needs more power.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Eric review be careful about using capos like this, because if you're using a fine guitar, it may damage the finish. try it, and double check regularly, and i wouldn't leave it clamped on the guitar, overnight or for weeks on the guitar stand.  overallrating 3 lineend
name James review this is not the greatest product they make - but it works quickly and makes the 12 string spread when needed to do so more easily than most.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Jerry review i was not a fan of this particular capo. it was good quality and the price was ok but just not my style.  overallrating 3 lineend
name M. review this is an update to my original review because i have now fully tested two of these capos. i'm truly surprised by all the good reviews here. i'm not sure how it's possible. i've already outlined below in my original review that these are not Jim dunlop capos. i had purchased two, which i have now given away to student players as i cannot use them. i tested the capos on a standard acoustic and also an electric guitar. the e string buzzes when the capo is applied and no amount of adjusting the capo would stop the buzz from occurring. both capos had this very same problem.when i received these capos, i noticed right away that they were not the same excellent quality as actual jim dunlop capos. the craftsmanship was visibly lower quality and the materials used are a lesser quality than official jim dunlop capos. the rubber has a strong odor and there is no brand-name printed anywhere on the product. as a professional musician, i need to purchase reputable brand-name products because i can't afford to have my gear failing during performances. i have no idea about the future performance of these capos because they have no apparent brand, and no measurable reputation. when i contacted the seller, they were not honest with me.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Ranger review thought i'd try this but there's another brand that i prefer. needed to re-shift this capo a lot to get it to hold down strings evenly and not mute some.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Sunluvr review ...but for a small woman with small hands, it's difficult to operate. it also exerts a whole lot of pressure on the strings, which can't be good for them. i ordered a schubb brand capo that's much easier to operate and doesn't smash the strings like a brute because the pressure is adjustable. the only drawback to the schubb is you can't clip it to the headstock, a convenience that's important to a lot of professional musicians. i'm keeping both, if i need the convenience of this clip on style i'll use it. when playing at home i'll use the more gentle schubb.  overallrating 3 lineend
name L. review like other reviewer wrote previously, i received less picks than advertised (i received a total of 7 picks). i don't know if the people at customs \"borrowed\" some from me, but i find very strange that more than one person is having the same problem. other than that, the picks are good, seem to be durable and produce a nice sound.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Phaeton review i gave this 3 stars simply because the review has to conatin a star rating. i have nothing to say against the product or the company, only that this is not a guitar case! it is a mandolin case! amazon should correct this.stagg stb-10w acoustic guitar bagepiphone case for epiphone dot, sheraton, 335  overallrating 3 lineend
name Wayne review i wanted to experiment with a thin pick. i like the action but thinner picks tend to \"click\" over the strings and i don't care much for that. these are certainly pretty though, and the feel is typical fender celluloid, smooth and a little slippery. might be hard to hold with sweaty fingers. celluloid is highly flammable, so be aware of that if you smoke (i don't).  overallrating 3 lineend
name Andrew review i know many people love the design, but i find it much too frustrating. you have to be very careful putting it on the fret correctly, then snap it in, then turn and turn the screw, oops don't let it snap off again and fall off while trying to turn the screw. then you have to go through the whole routine again to take it off and move it to another fret and put it on again. what a farce. this is the worst capo i've owned, and i've tried nearly every brand and type. yeah, i've had people show me how to do it right, and i know to do it right. it's just wrong to have to spend so much time slipping it on, snapping it, screwing it in, screwing it off, having it fall off, forget it, it's garbage to me. also, while i'm getting my callouses worked out playing for two hours every day, the last thing i want is to pinch my fingers against metal trying to turn a screw. it's actually slightly painful to the fingers (momentarily, but why have to deal with that??) to work with. this design seems like it was a non guitar player who came up with it. the only good thing i can say about it is looks durable.no thanks.  overallrating 1 lineend
name SJ review i got this for my ibanez acoustic and found it was a real challenge to get it attached at the neck. it took a few trys before i could get it buttoned so the strap would stay put. even so it was a good quality button. the leather is tough and will last for years. it will probably outlast the guitar.if you're looking for a good way to attach a strap to the guitar neck is a possible option. maybe if you have a martin it might be a better fit. but it's really worth the hassle.  overallrating 3 lineend
name 'brother' review i bought this hoping to use as intended, angled into guitar & straight into mixer, wrong, have to use it the other way around ... sad!  overallrating 1 lineend
name djinx review only lasted 2yr. i have a lot of cheaper cables that get more use/abuse than this one that have outlasted it.  overallrating 1 lineend
name H. review these cables work very well at transmitting sound. so why only three stars? well, these are far from the most well thought out instrument cables you will find. these are stiff, thick, and heavy. while that's good for most analog cables, these cables are so stiff and heavy that, for instance, a portable tuner or a small stomp box might easily be moved around just by having one end of this cable in there.with so many amps having plastic jacks these days, you have to wonder what kind of stress these cables might be putting your amp jacks and pickguard-mounted output jacks under if these cables can fling a tuner around just by being plugged into one. i mean, let's face it. you never know what will happen at a gig. sometimes you're playing with a 12 foot cable when you should have a 18 foot cable. a cable shouldn't come out because of a gentle pull, but if it's between the cable falling out and it moving a bass head around or you tripping on it, you want the cable to fall out. if everything you have is heavy or velcro'd to the ground, this isn't a problem, but it is for me. i feel like when you're playing with these cables, you're worried about stepping on the cable not because you want to pull it out, but because it's seriously like a trip wire out there.lastly, these plugs are huge. that's not really a problem if you play a strat or a tele, but what about a p-bass or a j-bass where the plug comes out at a right angle from the body? this is going to stick out a lot, and to loop it around your strap, it's going to be a huge, stiff, cumbersome loop. i know people often buy 90 degree plugs for those kinds of instruments, but most normal straight plugs do just fine. so yeah, if you like to move around on stage, get more flexible cables. you'll thank me.these cables are just poorly thought out. they'd work great as patch cords, or keyboards, drum machines, from pedal board to amp (as long as you have a metal jack). monster has a cable that costs half as much but works twice as well for actual instrument use, and at that price, pro co cables are also excellent, and they have brand name plugs, as well.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Mike review the monster chord is great looking, but for me, they are too stiff. i play an acoustic guitar, so i don't run around a lot. the cord must be made to be able to take some abuse, but i don't need that.  overallrating 3 lineend
name K. review i am using it with a musician's gear music stand. the shelf fits, but moves easily when moving stuff on the shelf of the stand. it is made out of plastic which flexes fairly easily and doesn't feel as sturdy as the metal shelf of the stand. there aren't any other options though unless you know some one who can do metal fabrication. it is a good thing it does not cost a lot.  overallrating 3 lineend
name hgprs review this mic is fine. one should know that it has quite low gain and requires the use of a boost/preamp for the guitar sound to be heard.  overallrating 3 lineend
name J review could not get to fit small sound hole. once in sound hole pickup did not work at all. would not buy it.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Karl review not sure if these are more on the brass side or the bronze? not really to my liking compared to the phospher bronze. the exps are nice strings. they have a nice feel to them along with less string noise. and they last. my two acoustic guitars, a takamine mini jumbo and a gretsch jumbo, both made from mahogany are both nice sounding guitars. i figured i would try these 80/20 strings after using phospher bronze. only real problem i noticed is the 80/20s seem brighter and they ring longer. i prefer the warmer tone. and since my guitars have alot of \"boom\" already, i dont need the extra ring to complicate the sound with overtones when strumming fast. i imagine these strings may work in some instances, but i am going back to the phospher bronze for my guitars.  overallrating 3 lineend
name K. review i like elixir. i had to try this one because of another friend said it's ok and cheaper.i tried it and the quality is low end.The sound is not as crisp.the gauge is too heavy for my fingers (not their problem)all 6 strings are wrapped inside one single bag.i'd go back to elixir next time.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Psych review i like d'addario strings, but these did not impress me. they are not worth the extra cost, in my opinion.  overallrating 3 lineend
name TIMOTHY review not worth the price or matched the hype that you hear and read about. ghs strings are much cheaper and much better strings than these. i think they lasted a week on my guitar until i could get some more ghs or slinky acoustics on it.  overallrating 3 lineend
name zak review i did not care for the tone or feel. took them off within an hour and put back on ej16. they had a rough feel and were stiff. lots of folks like them but not for me.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Paparaptor review i recently traveled across country carrying 2 similar guitars. one was in the skb fender case ($99.95 on amazon), the other in this gator case purchased locally. i was told it was just as good as the fender case. both ended up in checked luggage. after 1 flight from florida to lax and back (non-stop, minimal handling) the glue on the top section gave up. the padding is now loose and the strap to keep the top from flopping completely open is dangling inside the case. neither guitar was damaged and the cases appear in fine shape, but after having the padding fall out, i just ordered another skb fender case. the gator will be re-glued and used only for local trips. the skb fenders will be my airline cases from now on.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Dako review i don't know who designed the leg feature of this thing, but they need to go back to engineering school. when you unlock the legs to put them into their useable position, they're quite difficult to pop open, and once opened into place, you can see distinct spots where the paint has worn off, because the fit is too tight inside the upper body of the stand.it'd truly be nice to come across a good stand like this that used button locks to hold the legs in place, and that had more of an upright angle for the guitar. i just don't like the features of this stand at all.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Jeffrey review s of the competition talked about how far back the guitars lean. not much of that complaint here. but this definitely has that problem.my guitar is quite stable leaning back less than a third of what this stand causes. so this can't go in several out-of-the-way places i had hoped would work. also, i was hoping to use two of these close together for a compact 2-guitar rack. however, the angle makes that very awkward.I hope to modify it to work, but i'm not super hopeful at this point. will probably have to manufacture something to replace it..  overallrating 3 lineend
name Dako review after trying out a few other styles and brands, i settled on this stand, wanting something that would keep my 50s telecaster from taking an unexpected fall. the overall design of the stand is great, but i had to return my first stand, as there were severe quality issues with the finish. there were at least 3 spots where the black finish didn't stick to the metal, and i essentially had bare metal spots sticking out. the neck portion was also sitting cockeyed about 15 degrees to the right, once it was clamped down to the main stand body. disappointingly, the replacement unit i received also has this issue, but only about 7-10 degrees worth. i'm going to use this stand in the meantime while i try to find something of a nicer finish, and truly worthy of my guitar.  overallrating 3 lineend
name tommy review i don't like that i have to continually tighten the knob at the back of the stand to keep the neck rest from tilting or moving and eventually falling down. the solution? tighten the crap out of it with a wrench until you get it very snug and it won't budge.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Josh review i've used three pop filters in my experiences with home recording and podcasting. this one is the worst. the plastic screw (yes, plastic) that is meant to grip the pole that you attach the pop filter to, is completely incapable of supporting it's own weight at nearly any angle. bad...just bad.secondly, there is a metal piece that secures the flex arm to the clamp. it seemed loose after i got it out of the packaging and the flex arm would wobble and rotate in that spot causing a major problem when it came to proper placement. after twisting on it twice i stripped it out. now the thing is worthless. i'm returning it asap.i would rather go to a lady's bag flea market sale with a crazy woman for a day than continue to put up with this thing. do yourself a huge favor and buy the nady 6\" pop filter. if you don't, you'll wish you did.  overallrating 1 lineend
name RICHARD review not easy to set up, hard to tighten down. works well enough as a filter once you get it placed.  overallrating 3 lineend
name W.R.Amyot review you may wat to reconsider buying any filter.on this model, the top (filter) part is essentially pantyhose wrapped around a cardboard tube.despite this, the clamp and adjuster parts are relatively good.in all honesty, buy a nicer filter, or none at all. they do not make a huge difference on recording quality unless you're using top-of-the-line microphones. if this is the case, spend the money to get a nicer filter.one nice thing- these keep artists from getting too close to the mic and essentially making out with them. i found that quality nice when dealing with... passionate vocalists.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Ronnie review not happy with the sellers description or the product. the description says \"heavy duty\" which makes you assume that it's a regular hard plastic mic clip, but it's not. it's rubber!!! it sucks. used it a couple times and it's hard to slide the mic in and i can see after a couple more uses how it's probably going to need to be taped because the swivel will become very loos cause the rubber will wear down quickly, and flex. it's flexible!!! who uses flexible mic clips?!!! make sure you don't buy this and get a hard plastic clip instead.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Video review its poorly made with attention to detail. i ordered them to fit on my dual mic clamp purchased here at amazon. but they will not screw down all the way and are losse. it is useless!!! other mic holders from different manufacturers work fine.  overallrating 1 lineend
name thrashreno review its ok, the adjust ability is not what i would like but it does have some uses and its built like a tank. i got this for free from my girlfriend who had it given to her from some old guy who told her it was a broken distortion pedal so i can't complain about it not being worth what i paid for it. i currently have this on my pedal board along with a digitech mainsqueeze which is less expensive, more adjustable and just more versatile. would i buy this, yes if i didn't try anything else first. nuff said.  overallrating 3 lineend
name linh review just assembly for a try, only few rolls with music, it's had some hole on head, that's mean bad quality. buyer beware for this kind of.  overallrating 1 lineend
name S. review more knobs are not always better. in the case of this pedal, the controls are really sensitive, there's a pretty big mid hump that's hard to dial out, and the low end control can make things really boomy, or add a little chunk to the sound. you can do a lot with it, but i struggle to find what it does best, because it doesn't really do edge of distortion well (it doesn't clean up), and it's not a really high gain distortion pedal, but it can just add a bit of tightness, hair metal mids, or thump to a standard od sound. basically, if you have your amp set for 70s rock, you can stomp on this and get motley crue or maybe bark at the moon era ozzy.like a tubescreamer, this thing lets a little bit of the clean signal through so you hear the distorted guitar mixed with clean signal. the circuit design is nothing like a tube screamer, but it can work as a substitute ( i think if you wanted the tube screamer sound, thejoyo jf-01 \"vintage overdrive\" pedalwould be better just for simplicity sake and being more of a clone).so it's not bad, but its just not on the level of boutique pedals and their clones. if you get tired of it, give it to your bass player or try it with a bass for an interesting tone.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Zulu review i've tried to like this pedal, i really have. maybe it's my signal chain (?) my experience with the digitech series is that they suck the tone out from your guitar. sure, the od is there, but it isn't worth losing your tone, is it? again, i reiterate maybe it's just me. i have been messing around with signal chains for almost 3 decades now. and the blue pedal isn't any different, either imo. grunge was ok, but not my kind of style.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Greg review not so pleased with the sound quality..sorta disappointed with it over all...but ya get what ya pay for ....so i'll keep it anyway  overallrating 2 lineend
name RobertB review this beginner level guitar is very good quality for the price. it's lightweight and has attractive but basic finishes. the biggest drawback is that the one i received required the action to be adjusted. the bridge needed lowered slightly and the nut held the strings way too high above the frets. the result was very sore fingers. these are easy fixes if you have the proper tools. otherwise you'll have to pay a guitar shop to do a proper setup. stock strings have a warm tone.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Mike review this is nearly identical to theguardian cases cg-020-b bass guitar caseat about half the cost. however, there are some issues with this case as well as limitations.first the issues: while the covering appears to be stitched on, it is - for the most part - glued on, and if the case is left in a hot, unventilated space like a car for prolonged periods the covering will start to life at the edges. on the other hand, someone who takes care of their gear is probably not going to leave their instrument in a hot car (or garage or other storage space) for prolonged periods. however, you should be aware of the issue, if for no other reason than to remind you that if they case suffers, imagine the effect on your bass.the limitations are simple: the case, while a hard shell design, is not as strong as one made from abs plastic. the top is relatively flimsy as are the sides. this is not a show stopper if you use the case for home storage and occasional gigs, but if you have a heavy road schedule, and especially of you are not personally loading and unloading the band's gear, this case will not afford you the protection of an ata-style case.also note that i have only used this case for a fender jazz bass, so any long-scale j- or p-style basses will fit. i cannot be sure about other brands and models.i mentioned an ata-style case as a better solution, and it is essential for protecting your instrument if you have heavy road or even local gig schedules. for less demanding protection i recommend that you also consider this case (which i purchased as an upgrade when i became aware of the issues and limitations of the musician's gear model:skb electric bass rectangular hardshell, standard latches, handle.if you still opt for the musician's gear case, you are still getting relatively good value and are certainly making a large step up from a soft gig bag.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Corbin review it's great if you need to quickly drop your hats, but not the other way around. i bought this drop clutch because it was cheap, and i was on a budget. overall its build is solid, the only problem i have with it is having the clutch lock back into place.  overallrating 3 lineend
name carolinaautoguy review i was very impressed by this little guitar. the build quality seemed good and toggle and pods were noiseless.the only complaints i have is e string breaks often, which is a direct result of constant tuning fatiguing the strings.i feel the tuners are just not strong enough and the ratio is no adequate to keep in tune.still a great guitar for a 5 to 10 year old.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Review review i've been playing over 30 years and got one of these for my 7-year-old because he wants to play guitar like daddy does. for $100 it's an ok starter guitar for a kid (and i guess really short people who can't play a regular fender), but not something i'd recommend to anyone else. and my kid thinks it looks cool, so he'll be more likely to stick with it.even though it has a laminated body, the headstock and unfinished neck are decent wood. the frets are crowned ok but have some sharp ends to them, and i feel silly investing the cash to have them fixed. it's light and easy to handle. the hardware isn't bad, with a stable bridge (good idea not to put a floating trem in this), 5-way blade switch, solid jack and strap anchors, and smooth knobs. the pickups are not top notch but work well enough (a decent replacement set would cost more than the whole guitar does, so i'm not complaining). it has a nice red paint job.on the down side, besides some sharp fret ends, it required a few truss rod and bridge adjustments to bring the action close to where it should be. the fretboard uses cheap rosewood and in one spot has some extra glue showing around a fret. the nut on the one i got is sunk lower on the treble side than on the bass side, so the low E string is farther from the fretboard than the other strings. it has one small pit in the red finish. it has no paperwork or owner's manual. the tuners are kind of choppy. and the body/neck flexes so if you put too much pressure on it the whole thing will go out of tune.it comes strung with fender 9's, which combined with the short scale makes the strings loose and easy to press down, so it's good for a kid just starting out. i actually enjoy messing around with it because the pickups have a punkish scratchy sound. but as soon as he gets bigger we'll ditch this for something better.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Coolkayaker review i used this on the side of a wooden bookshelf for my ukulele. it's attractive. it's well made. it's fork is a tad large for the ukulele it has rubber o-rings that slide, so i can bring them in and the uke does fit then. but then, even the three inch deep uke is close to the bookcase (or wall, if you use it there). the uke hits when i put it in the hanger, so i put a felt pad where the uke body hits the bookcase.many uke players simply nail a single nail in the wall and use a loop off string from it around the uke head and tuners. this is much less expensive, holds very well, is even more low profile than this hanger, and never drops a uke. consider it for your needs.i'd not buy another of these for a ukulele. it likely works fine for a guitar, though.i deducted one point for the fact that, even though it's adjustable (the o-rings), and advertised for ukes, it doesn't work well for them. and it's heavy and not stylish, in my opinion. i have the hercules wall hanger (mechanical gripper) for my electric guitars, and it's fabulous (for guitars; overkill for lightweight ukuleles, maybe).hercules stands wallmount guitar hanger gsp39wbupdate 9/7/11: the more i use it, the less i like it. i find that friction tuner ukuleles do not fit on it well at all, and the tuners hit the fork and it can make your uke out of tune. so, for small instruments (you'd have to try it yourself with mandolins and banjos), this is atrocious. for guitars, it's not as good as hercules.  overallrating 3 lineend
name overbybr review on-stage makes decent products, but this one would have been awesome if the actual table of the stand would fold one or more times. that would have been perfect! otherwise, it works fine.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Aaron review crap these strings are bad do not buy them if you play any kind of harder music or do a lot of string bends unless you like having strings almost take out your eyes then by all means buy em errrrr i always buy ernie balls but i got cheap and tryed to save a few buck and buy 2 3 packs of these hunks of crap for under 18 bucks i should have spent the extra 7 bucks and got the 6 pack of ernies i didn't even get a week out of them and they were rusted and poppin off left and right....................never again  overallrating 1 lineend
name Confidential review i've purchased these locally several times over the past three years at a music store. mainly due to the low cost. they work okay, but are difficult to keep in tune. the guitars have to be re-tuned often when temperature, humidity, or playing more than ten minutes occurs. my biggest complaint is tarnish and corrosion. add that to the winding separating over the fret bars exposing the inner solid string, then the strings go \"flat\" sounding. these are not quality strings at all, just cheap chinese made quality. they are okay for someone that doesn't play often, but if you play daily or as a performer, avoid these strings. better strings are worth the extra cost. you actually save money by not having to replace them often as you do with these cheap strings. i've had this problem with all the d'addario brand strings, both for electric or acoustic, 6 or 12 string guitars. the thinner gauge strings will break during tuning or playing. the tarnish and corrosion often ends up contaminating the fret bars and keeping the neck dirty all the time. cleaning after each playing session only makes the strings corrode faster.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Daniel review these are excellent, inexpensive guitar strings. they are perfect for somebody that plays gigs and changes strings frequently. for the more casual player, these might not be the best choice.for the gigging musician, there is nothing better than these d'addario strings. they are light weight, have great sound, and are inexpensive. these might take a very slight nod over ernie ball strings.for the more casual musician, somebody that isn't changing their strings once a week, these are probably not a great choice. personally, i use elixir strings on my electric guitars, a les paul 2008 standard and a 1982 gibson lucille. i do not play gigs, so a set of strings doesn't see an hour or two of really hard playing per night. the coating on elixir's helps keep corrosion down and is easier on my fingers; i like their feel a bit better than these strings. i get about a month of playing from those strings. sadly, these d'addario strings are really only good for about one or two weeks of playing.i've tried a variety of strings, ernie ball, elixir, and d'addario, on my guitars and the way i play, the elixir's just sound and play the best to me. of course, your mileage may vary. if i did start to play gigs, i would probably switch to a more affordable string like these.a silly cosmetic thing, i hate the packaging of these strings. d'addario makes a huge deal out of reduced packaging and being environmentally responsible with their products. the strings come in a cardstock outer box, with a single plastic package inside. each string size has a different colored ball on the end to help a person figure out the string gauge. i change strings myself, and i really prefer the individual paper envelopes for the strings, with the gauge clearly printed on the package. if you are new to changing strings, or only change them infrequently, this all in one package will confuse the heck out of you. especially at first, i preferred to work with one string at a time.d'addario also makes a major deal out of the serial number on their package to help fight fake strings. their website has a place to enter the serial number to verify the package of stings is authentic. i kind of disliked the fact that you have to enter an email address to even get started. they could have very simply left a spot to enter the serial number with no other information necessary.in the end, the silly colored balls at the end of the strings, well they look goofy on my guitars. i wouldn't mind the colors on an acoustic (the ball gets hidden by the peg anyway), but those balls are visible on my electric guitar. i just prefer the simple gold balls on the ends of other strings.  overallrating 3 lineend
name David review s.so, i put these on my gibson les paul last night and played for a few hours. i didn't hammer the strings, just played easy, mostly the eagles.as i was hanging the guitar on the wall afterward, i took a quick look at the strings. i was shocked to see the high E and b strings were already flattened. i never would have expected wear after just a few hours of light playing.the strings sounded great, but by the time i had them stretched enough that they would hold tune, they were already worn.i guess i'm going to have to go to heavier strings so i'm not changing strings every few days. these just did not perform as expected.giving these 3 stars is being generous. i have 5 sets to use up now, damn. i was using light gauge and thought these mediums would hold up, but they lasted for only two hours......my fender 3250l bullets at least lasted a few weeks. going to try the fender on my gibson and see how they sound. i'm still in search of the \"perfect\" set of strings. i'm open to suggestions  overallrating 3 lineend
name D. review i have played on d'addario before, actually the first string i started out on.super light's are ok, but can wear out real fast, so, it's importent not to put to much stess on them.....espescially if you do alot of tricks, pinched hormonic's vibrato's, extreme bend's, etc they will break. any skilled guitarist know's to use extream caution when tuning....any strings,i did try extra light (while they do soud nice,and have a nice feel to them) i would not recamend these for beginer's, cause beginer's tend to press hard, when they first stat out.personally, i don't like d'addario's at all, i find the tone to bright.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Kreature review d'addario are the best strings that i have tried, i used to use ernie ball super slinky's but found that these last longer, the ernie's bend and play well but they tend to go dull faster not To mention the ernie's start corroding within a week, these d'addario strings stay brighter longer, i usually change them about every 4 weeks, the ernie's only last me a week, 2 weeks at the most, that can get expensive fast, all around the d'addario strings are the strings 4 me, retraction, when i originally wrote this review i thought they were the best, turns out they are in fact way better than ernie ball strings, but they are no longer my preference, a friend of mine told me about dr strings and they are much better than these d'addarios. dr's last three times as long as d'addario. the dr's cost a lil more but they are way better, for the money addarios are good but i would recommend spending a few dollars more for dr strings  overallrating 3 lineend
name lee review they are ok not a big fan tho they have a odd metal sound when you play them. i had earnie ball on previously and i might switch back or go to dunlop witch i put on my 7 sting and love. but i probably won't get these again..... ever.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Mark review d,addario makes great strings, this just where not the gages i was lookin for.other than that i like this brand of strings  overallrating 3 lineend
name Steve review it works for what it is, it just feels a little light when you wind after getting the tension up. not a bad product, just don't know how long it will last.  overallrating 3 lineend
name tommy review far too slippery for my fingers when i shredding and the tip wears out way too fast as well.  overallrating 2 lineend
name al review this piece of plastic is just terrible. you'd be better off with a couple of books and a towel.not recommended!  overallrating 1 lineend
name B review this device is ok. it is light weight and folds nicely, but it is not especially stable. convenient storage is its biggest plus.  overallrating 3 lineend
name From review i picked up one of these at guitar center a while back. at first, it seemed unstable, but then i tried to open it up a little more, and it kind of clicked into the position shown in the picture here. when it's opened up all the way, it is relatively stable, and is suitable for servicing your own guitar. as others say, it does fold up nicely, and takes up minimal space in my toolbox. i wouldn't use this if i made a living servicing guitars, as i don't think it would last long due to the quality of materials (it does feel pretty cheap.) but it does work well enough for an individual who does work on their guitars once in a while.i imagine one could make something a bit more sturdy for less out of wood and felt. over all, i'm happy with the purchase, as it suits my needs.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Minh review i was expecting something a little bigger. it will do, but next time, i probably will look for something with a little more stability.  overallrating 3 lineend
name The review go build your own. build it to your specs and have a solid stand. if not, you can find a lot better head stands. this one was a huge disappointment. does not do what it says and can get you frustrated quick. im back with my wood block and am happy.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Bob review this is a really nice item and i got two of them. unfortunately one of them did not thread properly into the base and i had to force it which has created a little wobble. that's the problem with mail order. sometimes on a cheap item its not worth the time and expense to exchange it. oh well so far its working ok with the my old classical (beater) guitar i have hanging on the faulty one. the other unit seems to be rock solid. oh and by the way these hooks are too skinny for a classical guitar.  overallrating 3 lineend
name James review these hangers work great but make sure you purchase some spare screws. the screws provided easily break when screwing into a stud so i would recommend you buy some good screws before you install. i have several of these and at least three screws broke as i screwed them into the stud in the wall.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Ana review i might have done something wrong...i read in a review that these hold six picks.it held three real well but on the fourth insert the thing just fell apart...i'll just keep using my pockets.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Bilbo review this is an ok solution to keeping your picks handy and organized; at least you can have one place where you can find a pick, as opposed to having them scattered all over the house and in every case, but a small baggie will work just as well. maybe you have to get to one in a hurry on stage? sometimes (depending on the amount and size of the pick) it's hard to get the pick out of the holder, and if you use something other than the standard shape, forget it. it has an adhesive backing, so i guess you can stick it on your amp/guitar/wall/small animal, but i'd rather not.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Bill review man, this thing would not even hold my normal sized picks! do not BUY - it is a wast of money... ug!  overallrating 1 lineend
name Brother review i'm rather disappointed with this item as i put only four (4) picks into it when it snapped apart. i use the dunlop tortex 1 mm picks and perhaps that's where i was at fault - i maybe should left it at three picks.however, my bench vise and some superglue have remedied the situation nicely. thus beware of how many picks and their gauge before you push them into this holder.i give it 3 out of 5 stars for reasons stated.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Christian review it hold my picks well, but some are to big for it and the tape/foam on the bottom looses the stick quickly. im neutral on this one.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Coffee review i own three of these, and have them attached to the back of my headstocks. great idea, great concept and great quality. only problem is that they do not work with the smaller picks that i have recently adopted. dunlop jazz iii, the dunlop max-grip jazz iiis and my dava jazz picks just won't stay in there without slipping out.for regular sized picks, it's a perfect product. for smaller sized picks i improvise by using sd card cases -- perfect fit for jazz picks.  overallrating 3 lineend
name D. review i use clayton 1.26mm picks, a heavy pick but certainly not oversized. my picks don't fit!!! if i shove them in, i can't get them out. also, this thing is huge for the back of the neck.  overallrating 1 lineend
name D. review it didn't seem like slight difference in shape would make it almost useless. it may work well with dunlop picks but not for theplanet waves 10 standard guitar picks - duralin blue ###gt!!! medium/heavy, also the thicker the pick, the fewer it will hold. it has sticky back foam tape on it for mounting to a surface like your amp or whatnot. i've found it mostly not useful thus far, maybe it would help more when playing live so i can grab for a pick and know they will be there.  overallrating 3 lineend
name EYE4GET review does what it is designed to do, it holds about 6 picks. small piece of adhesive tape on the back. the supplier refunded some of the postage. amazon promised to credit my account $10 (credit never appeared) for the highly inflated shipping costs. a $2 item cost $17.70 for shipping! be careful and read everything before you click to submit the order.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Ima review in my humble opinion, the pictures make the product look purple. they're not purple. at least the ones i was sent. they were charcoal.i bought them specifically to use with my daughter's purple washburn guitar, so it's kind of annoying.other than the color, there's nothing wrong with them.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Jerry review i quess this pic holder may be a pretty good idea but just not something i would use but as i said, it's ok.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Pen review my picks fall out way too easy while i'm playing live  overallrating 2 lineend
name Roger review it is not expensive, but the item is sort of cheap. i could have used a baggy to hold my picks.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Adam review dont last but a couple weeks..terrible feed back as the ends near the plugs detirorate quickly. will never buy again even if only 5 bucks  overallrating 1 lineend
name Isaac review second one i bought. lousy build quality and only lasted 3 months. went through two of these before i learned my lesson. don't waste your money on this junk. i love planet waves stuff normally, but these are junk.  overallrating 1 lineend
name jimmy review i got a couple of these....only buy this cable if there is no CHANCE that it will be ever used in the real world....after only a month mine has developed a nasty short in the plug....and of course , since this cord is molded/sealed up tight , it can't be repaired.......you could cut off the plug and solder a good 1/4 inch plug on it...but why bother.?....just save your headaches and money and buy a good heavy duty cord....this cord is too flimsy......its junk with a fancy molded plastic ergonomic looking plug housing...but inside its junk....thrown away money.!!!.......buy a lottery scratch off instead,,,  overallrating 1 lineend
name just_keith review this was bought based on the advice of others. i had a cable with the standard neutrik/switchcraft-type ends fail on me, and this cable was supposed to be either strain free or simply designed for long life because of the strain of usage.it worked great for about 4-6 months, and then broke. it happened so quickly (the trad types seem to take longer) that i swore it must have been the output jack on my guitar. after confirming the guitar was okay, i tried a shorter cable, which worked fine.d'addario does offer lifetime replacement, but it puts you in a bit of a bind - you need a backup cable while you are waiting for a replacement, and you have to pay return shipping of the defective cable out-of-pocket. you also have to get r.a. taken altogether, this makes it a deal breaker. the extra costs essentially make this cable as expensive as something that has a track record of lasting for years. in my case, i bit the bullet and did what i should have done the first go-round and got a really nice dimarzio cable.again, this cable sounds good while it works - capacitance with the longer cables can be an issue. the good news is that imo high price is not a guarantee of any cable sounding good. the replacement dimarzio is another example of one that was at the top of the list with cable comparisons. i don't get into the mojo or intangible aspects that will typically find someone paying much more for a cable, but i want durability and published capacitance that is within a certain range. this one meets half of those criteria, but it gets expensive because of the potential to fail sooner rather than later. well, expensive relative to a cable with an initially higher price but longer lifespan.so the replacement that planet waves sent me is now the backup, and is still in the original packaging. i figure i'll use it only for short periods while replacing my main cable, so it should last a long time in that situation. if i have a few $ for the shipping and d'addario is still honoring the lifetime warranty if/when the 2nd one breaks, i may get it replaced. more likely i will just chalk it up to a learning lesson and toss it. even $4 shipping is a decent percentage of the cost of a more durable cable - imo it should be set aside to fund its eventual replacement.if this cable would have last 1.5 to 2 years, i'd probably give it 5 stars given the price. and if d'addario took away the warranty thing, it would probably re-shape the customer's perception on what something at this price should cost, because it's a wear item, plain and simple. idk how much r&d; it's worth their trouble to put in something at this price point, but that's is what i would shoot for - a realistically acceptable period of trouble-free use w/no warranty as the trade-off. that would not make it a deal breaker.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Micheal review not the greatest cord i have ever used, not the worst either. i would prefer fender tweed cables over this one if i had to make a recommendation.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Sweed review well this cable certainly didn't last long as the title says 8 weeks. bought a new fender mustang2 v2 amp a week and a half ago. last night amp would turn on but wasn't putting out any sound from the guitar. messed around a bit and it started to work. today same thing and it's obvious nothing is going from guitar to amp. thought i had a bad jack in my new amp and wasn't very happy. got out the old amp and guess what nothing there either. at least my new amp is working and i only have to replace a $12 cord.maybe i'm just unlucky and got a bad one and if i bought it at a local store i'd return it. not going through the hassles of mailing it back or asking for a refund. will just move on to another company's cord.  overallrating 1 lineend
name tommy review the cable died on me in less than a month. very disappointed in built quality.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Nathan review these look so neat that my brother and i both unknowingly ordered these for each other as gifts last christmas. unfortunately they feel too chunky to use and the colored tip grips the strings in an unfortunate way making it difficult to play.  overallrating 2 lineend
name David review this is just your typical nylon strap (a bit stiff, but durable). i love the celtic design enough to use this strap, but ordinarily i prefer higher quality materials than the nylon and plastic construction (with leather ends). the leather is also a bit stiff, but not so stiff that it's not functional or reliable. if dunlop made this in cotton and steel, i'd pay 4x as much for it...  overallrating 3 lineend
name George review good idea. tends to slip on the strings however. convenientt to have a pick at the end of the neck.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Brian review i purchased 2 of these items to use with my band for the guitarists. i was disapointed when i mounted a shure sm 58 mic on it and found that the goose neck would not stay erect. these are made far too loose and flexible for most professional mics. they may work on very small and light weight units but for my needs they are totally unuseable. it would have been helpful to include the suggested weight that this goose neck would support in the sales description. i wasted my money. don't waste yours. perhaps viagra would be helpful ;-)  overallrating 1 lineend
name RustyBill review nice looking gooseneck, threads are clean, fits well. however, the gooseneck is too flexible and will not hold up a mic (shure sm58) without collapsing. better try another brand, or spend a buck or two more to get a better product.  overallrating 2 lineend
name The review this arrived and when i tried to use it, it turned out that the male threads were some oddball metric size that does not fit any standard adapter.instead, these theads stripped the fitting on my mike clip, so now i have to go somewhere else and buy a new gooseneck and a clip.this is such a standard item, that there is no excuse for making it with non-standard threads, and no excuse at all for advertising it as standard 5/8ths...  overallrating 1 lineend
name aspiring review was for the old models. the new models have far too high midrange and the components are no longer easily modified. i thought i was replacing an old model with the new one, but alas the new is not worthy of a place in my effects chain!i will probably get an eh small stone now, though that pedal looks like it may have been changed lately too. sadly it appears boutiques are being bought by non-musical business men who care only about the bottom line and not enough, if at all about the sound/quality of their products. the capitalists have become too greedy, and the socialists think they are worthy to tell everyone else how to live. god help us!  overallrating 3 lineend
name mando2112 review i returned this because i wanted the script version instead. very different sound. watch youtube to compare models. this pedal seems older as well.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Sam review this is a great pedal for price. no it's not the most amazing phase pedal, but it's still quality. i know many pedal geeks who still have it on their board. if you don't use a lot of phaser but need it for a song or 2. buy it.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Victor review i have several mxr pedals. every one is superb--except for this phase 90 (the non- review ed here). this phase 90 is worthless for anyone who wants to use it while playing clean, for it adds a tsunami of irritating distortion, a swoosh of sonic dirt. i did some research and discovered that other people who also hate this pedal's distortion suggest some modifications. (look up \"mxr phase 90 mods,\" and \"erik's corner\" will show you how.) i made the \"r28,\" \"c11,\" and \"c12\" modifications. the result: a slightly improved phaser, one that still churned out plenty of distortion. finally, i tried adjusting the internal trim pot. on no setting could i get rid of ... you guessed it: distortion. i spent literally hours in a futile and frustrating effort to make this pedal sound merely acceptable. no luck. bottom line: if you want a phaser that doesn't add significant distortion, avoid this incarnation of the phase 90.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Jorge review okay, color coding is a great idea.divas will not use the red ball windscreen.why?because, from a distance it looks like they have a clown nose.no kidding! i have had several tell this to me and my sound tech. so save your dough, buy any color but red.diva's!!!! what can i say?  overallrating 1 lineend
name Patrick review i definately helps cut down &#34;wind whistle&#34; on my mic. can't say anything great about the product but i cant say anything bad. it does what it is suppose to  overallrating 3 lineend
name thrashreno review its a windscreen, this is the first one i have bought but it seems to work how it is supposed to. it could be less dense i think. idk  overallrating 3 lineend
name Charles review this microphone clip becomes loose at the hinge very quickly, and needs to consistently be tightened. too much of a hassle, really~  overallrating 3 lineend
name Paul review i bought these mics to fit a shure mic and a gls mic and it doesn't fit either. a little too small.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Tony review very tight fit which is great for your stationary mic .it hold the mic with no concerns of the mic falling out. great for back up singers .  overallrating 3 lineend
name Edgar review i wish i bought longer cables but these cables are fine. they do what they are supposed to do but i know i can spend a few more dollar dollar bills and get a higher quality cable but the tonal difference wouldn't be anything significant.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Lee review i got these because i work as a live sound engineer and they sometimes come in handy used as interconnects between guitar pedals.  overallrating 3 lineend
name BJC review yes you can tweak it so its less, but cant even use it for recording with or without an amp so much hiss its unusable.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Handsome review bought this on a whim. it works well when utilized with the amp in direct fashion. when used with a pedalboard rig, it doesn't add much except for hiss, unfortunately. sweet sound with an older fender amp unit, though. does not sound good with updated equipment, line 6 equipment, roland units. i'd say definitely do not get this if you're a tech or gear head. get it if you're a simple player with few fx in your arsenal. it does sound good when just utilized with amp and guitar, amp, wah, and guitar, or amp, wah, guitar, and expression pedal. nothing else i've tied it to has seemed to work out, though. probably a wasted product with where i'm headed as a technical player, but good for beginners and intermediate levels. into king crimson/fripp styles? don't go for this for modeling.  overallrating 3 lineend
name CRG review s already shared.here's my take-pros:- cheap! $90 is very inexpensive for a guitar!- well packaged for shipping- arrived 1 day early- fair quality. this is not a top of the line or even middle of the line guitar. it is a cheap guitar that does have some decent craftsmanship, but not stellar.- good sound! this does have a very good sound- with new strings of course- size: this is not a full size guitar, but larger than a 3/4. it is a \"concert\" size which i like!- it is a cut-away design without electronics! this combo is very rare!- fair to good wood materials and furniture- good design! this guitar sounds good, feels good, looks very good.- matte finish: this comes with a matte finish, not shiny- i like thatcons:- strings- corroded poor quality strings- neck condition: neck has slight bend, i needed to adjust the truss and file a few frets. there is still a slight dip and bump at the 12th fret causing fret buzz.- frets are not smoothed on ends- neck surface is not sanded well but smooth enoughi like this guitar. it's very inexpensive, needs a little work, sounds very good. i hope this information help you make an informed choice about a guitar purchase.  overallrating 3 lineend
name W. review as title says:1) high Action2) inadequate loudness for pickingi compared this to the mitchell md100 and think the mitchell is very good for it's price.you can compare both at guitar center.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Casey review i chose this rating because a fine paper towel seems to work just as well as this microfiber polish cloth.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Craig review do not use these to polish your guitar. it leaves tons of small fibers all over, and is hard to clean up. a total disaster. these are good for maybe wiping up dog poop, but not cleaning anything.  overallrating 1 lineend
name D.T. review compared to ernie ball's cloth, it's good enough for wiping down things. it is soft and non abrasive; eb's cloth has that and also has a clinging element which seemingly cleans and absorbs. overall good cloth for general use.  overallrating 3 lineend
name J. review not very substantial. it began to tear on my guitar strings. i was hoping for something that would hold up to more uses.  overallrating 2 lineend
name RS617 review sorry, but i'm not as smitten with this cloth as some of the other reviewers. it's okay; good size, works pretty well, but sheds when new. and despite claims of being laundry-safe, the edges began to unravel after the first wash. i used with planet waves restore polish and got good results, but probably would not buy again.  overallrating 3 lineend
name WBowie review works as advertised for polishing my guitars. i don't use any other cleaners such as fender polish when i use this cloth.  overallrating 3 lineend
name AF review i've owned this pedal for about 8 years. it's good overall, but the reverbs fall short of ideal for me. they just sound a bit inauthentic, and this is noticeable at times, but in a band setting probably wouldn't be noticable. i think it's the way they trail off. the tails tend to have a little unnatural decay, or something.i've been using the boss fender reverb pedal for about 3 years now as my main reverb (neither of my amps have reverb) and what i've done in the last year is that i use this digitech with a wetter setting (usually church or hall) if i want reverb on a solo. for that application it works fine and sounds great. as a \"leave it on all the time\" reverb i find it a bit lacking.but if you want a bunch of decent sounds you could do much worse. plus this thing is obviously rugged, i've abused it (not really, just regular gigging abuse) for all this time and it's never failed to work. but that's been my overall experience with digitech stuff for a long time.  overallrating 3 lineend
name SVT4001 review this pedal is very well constructed but it goes through batteries like crazy! you will want to get a power supply if you opt for this unit.i'm not too fond of the sound quality of the reverb either- there are a lot of better sounding units out there but some folks might find it acceptable.over all i would not recommend this product.  overallrating 2 lineend
name guitfiddleblue review the digitech main squeeze is an okay compression pedal. do i use it? yes. however, i would likely trade it for an mxr or dunlop if i had the opportunity. it doesn't sound bad per se' but does have some hiss to it. it also boosts your signal (a noticeable volume increase). while some may like this, i want my compressor to be a little more subtle and just provide some added sustain.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Mallory review as soon as i got this pedal i put it on my board and noticed it had a high end hum. i have a 2 behringer pedals on my board and a lot of people say they are bad noisy pedals,but my pedal board was silent till i put this pedal on it. i've only had it for a few days, but the cons out way the pros. maybe i will purchase a noise reducer to help clean it up a bit. once i get around to playing with it i will write another review.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Rick review compression/sustain wise, this unit is decent but i cannot abide the noise ... i tolerated it for a while but wound up pulling it for a cleaner compressor ...  overallrating 2 lineend
name jmhr review if you plan to use this pedal as a traditional volume pedal in a guitar > volume pedal > amp configuration (inserting effects pedals anywhere you like), this is a poorly engineered pedal. it can't be review .)it does occur to me that any pedal with a buffer (not \"true bypass\" in other words) may fix this problem, which is more than likely related to impedance, like a tuner pedal, between the guitar and the volume pedal. i will need to try that out, but it does not excuse ernie ball from their responsibility. major fail on their part.2 stars is generous because eb fails to honor the simple \"first do no harm\" principle. it harms your tone. how dumb is that? the pedal itself is very attractive, appears indestructible, though i have my doubts about their \"string\" mechanism over time. the rocker feels smooth and the weight gives the pedal stability on the floor.i have no recommendations for a volume pedal. because of the feel, and esthetics, i do plan to keep this for the digital device use, but wish it was able to do what it promises, and fails so miserably, to deliver.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Mr review this is a perfect strap sized just right for mandolin.i would have given it five stars except mine arrived with a paper label glued to the back of the strap, which when peeled off left a sticky spot on the strap where it would press against the mandolin finish.  overallrating 3 lineend
name puddytat review ok quality and certainly better than a piece of rope. i found it a bit uncomfortable for sure but for the money it is worthwhile.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Amazon review if you are looking for a 100% leather mandolin strap, consider another strap. the outside surface of the planet waves strap is leather but the inside surface is some kind of man-made material glued to the thin leather part. i will be ordering the levys \"leather mandolin strap (walnut)\".  overallrating 1 lineend
name Jonathan review it was very hard to get the hole in the strap over the button on my mandolin. at least it won't fall off soon! i just got another mandolin with no button, and this strap has no way to attach to it.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Colin review isn't it sad when somebody produces a great product but screws up on the description? the product is great value for money and worth while buying, if for no other reason than save money on overpriced dc power units from the manufacturers of the pedal units. trouble is that they do not say whether or not the cables come with the unit. they don't!! dumb of them, as all they needed to say was you needed to buy them separately, which i later did. seems like nit picking? well, it's not as live abroad and these things take a long while to come down to me. sloppy isn't it?  overallrating 3 lineend
name Josiah review i started by powering 1 stomp box on this chain and it worked, but when i tried to add a second/third stomp box, i couldn't get any guitar sound only a loud buzz. i returned this product i did further testing, i would not recommend it to anyone. with my personal experience in mind, i would advise you to save your money and get a pedalboard power supply. hope this helps  overallrating 2 lineend
name C. review i bought this to replace a cord i was using to practice my guitar. my first cheap cord wasn't actually broken, but i didn't want any down time, so i had this just sitting there as a replacement. fast forward some time, and i just wanted to try it out. even though my cheap cord was still working fine, i really wanted to just try out the new cord.i really wish i had done that in the first 30 days. this cord did not work right at all. it seems like there is a short in it somewhere. i had to unplug/plug/ maneuver into place. of course since it is for guitar, it falls almost immediately out of place again. so, i am back to the cheap cord that hasn't failed, unlike this brand new bad cable.  overallrating 1 lineend
name J. review ers have noted, the ends are too short and dont allow the cable to \"click\" into the jack of your guitar or amp. easily remedied by cutting back the rubber by about 1/8\" then the cable is fine.other than that i like the cable construction and the large sized ends.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Risenheart review ...strings i use d'addario strings on my acoustic and electric guitars as well they are great. they have a really nice sound and don't cost an arm and a leg...  overallrating 3 lineend
name StudioDude review through my ampeg bass amp, the low E string gets distorted when you push the bass control above 7, and the upper 3 strings sound kind of plain.  overallrating 2 lineend
name A. review my guitar originally came with d'addrio exp and they sounded good. i replaced them with elixir nanoweb coated strings and they also sounded good, but the finish was wearing fast. this time i got a 3 pack of ej16-3d light. the were easy to put on and have held up well other than tarnishing quickly.but the sound is the problem. it's terrible. they sound very muddy. crisp tone distinction is just not there. i thought light would be the better route, but now i'm not sure. i purchased some others to try. also, since a purchased a 3 pack. i may just change the strings completely again to see if i just have some dead strings.  overallrating 2 lineend
name 'brother' review .... i'm going back to what works best for me, martin sp custom light. while the packaging (sealed) for each set is a good thing and also the individual color coding of each string, i do prefer martins',  overallrating 3 lineend
name jimmpannzee review bought these to try them out the medium gauge and brand. mediums too hard on my thin fingers and will stick to light and extra light gauges. the strings were hard to slide, un-slippery, and changing barr chords made so much squeaks i didn't like. tone is warm but too mellow for my tastes. g-string snapped 2 days later at the windings with the string wounds pried right off :\\  overallrating 2 lineend
name Mike review i gave these strings a try, but i don't care for them that much. i have always used sp;s or elixir's, and i don't think that will change after trying these.  overallrating 3 lineend
name MJK review the small e-string and the g- string both broke on the ball end while tuning. i haven't broke a string while tuning in 20 years, never ever had one break on the ball end.luckily i bought the three pack.but i can't recommend this product.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Superlead777 review d'addario,what's up? these didn't last long at all.i don't play my martin very often,(too busy with electrics..) but these were trashed in a month.guess your using recycled car bumpers for strings now? never purchase again.  overallrating 2 lineend
name T review i have been using these strings for years and have been happy with them but the last couple of sets have lost the tone completely on strings 4,5,6 within 3 days of installing. i play professionally and have a lot of experience installing strings, nothing wrong on the guitar. hopefully the next set will be better  overallrating 3 lineend
name Parker review this is a beautiful shock mount. however for the price it didnt perform. the mount doesnt fit directly to the blue yeti and it leaks wind and plosive sounds on p's and s's. not worth the price.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Bob review i was not happy with the sound of these strings. the ead steel wound strings sound dull and the nylon gbe strings sound tinny. for an extra $2 i bought the d'addario ej45 pro arte and got a much, much higher quality sound out of my 40 yr old yamaha g-60. spend the extra $2 its well worth it.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Bob review i tried the dean markley blue steel light accoustic strings on my takamine guitar, and will soon replace them. on quality control, the high E steel string in the set looks bad with dark spots on it, two of which show after stringing the guitar. string did not break as i rather expected, but it looks bad. on sound, these seemed okay at first, but i still find it hard to keep in tune after a week, especially the high B and e steel strings, which just don't sound that good to me. and i find the low E wound string notes tend to be too high as i move up the neck, more so than other sets i have used.guess i'll go back to d'addario and ernie ball.  overallrating 2 lineend
name crazy review if you expect to get what you pay for, prepare to be disappointed. sounds weak. sounds old. sounds worn. sounds dull. i wanted to experience a new brand on my stratocaster. i can afford to pay twice as much. but i am going to keep using my d'adario strings from now on. i am so disappointed. these strings are for the &#34;campfire guitarist&#34; not the aggressive picking thrilling, tapping, pull offs, or sweepers. if you are a tone fanatic keep looking. if your guitar deserves the best, do not betray your instrument or insult your tube amp with these strings. respect your guitar. i wouldn't be surprised if they are made from china.  overallrating 2 lineend
name D. review i just had a guitar setup with dr pure blues 9's and they sound pretty good but they are a bit stiff.i've also noticed a bit of what i must presume is the nickel coating seems to come off on my fingertips after practicing for an hour or so.it almost looks like graphite on my fingers but it is nowhere near as \"black\" as the oxidation i've seen from low-quality strings.they also seem to have more \"string squeak\" when changing chords than other brands - even after generously spritzing them withfingerease guitar string lubricanti am not qualified to say if they truly give you that \"vintage tone\" but they do sound decent.however, for $6 i would rather getdean markley blue steel lt 2552 electric guitar strings ( 09- 42)or save some money and go withd'addario exl120 electric guitar strings, super light, 9-42.evenernie ball super slinky string set (9 - 42)seem to feel better to me, but i am a da-dairy-o man, for now.  overallrating 3 lineend
name jamie review i thought something was drastically wrong with my guitar but it was these strings, they buzzed and move so much they hit every metal on every fret.  overallrating 1 lineend
name guitarman6730 review all 12 of mine broke within a year and the jacks got bent pretty easily. so i switched back to the plastic ones which have lasted me over 2 yearshosa cfs606 6 inch right angle fx pedal cable, 6 packand they are still going strong.  overallrating 3 lineend
name Amazon review well, i have another strap that looks like this one, but i can tell you that this is cheaper on the materials. anyway, it does what is supposed to do and i'm happy with it, i wasn't looking for anything expensive, but this works really good... if you want something to just practice with this is what you should get. i recommend it!  overallrating 3 lineend
name B. review i bought one of these in the beginning - just to have something - as this is better than having nothing at all - but it's certainly nothing special. the material and the skinny width was uncomfortable for me and exacerbated my neck pain, so i only used it for a very short time.on the other hand, if you have a nice guitar that you really take great care of, then you'll probably want to invest in a much nicer strap at some point. i upgraded to a really nice 3&#34; wide black leather levy's guitar strap - which is five stars all the way.if you're a newbie and don't have a strap, and are on a tight budget and need something, then this planet waves strap will probably work for you - till you can upgrade to something nicer and more comfortable to wear. just my 2 cents.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Craig review bought this with my first guitar just to have anything to hang it from. it does the job. nothing at all fancy about this strap. two faux leather ends, some nylon web and a triglide. will do the job until you find the one of your dreams.  overallrating 3 lineend
name David review i got two of these but wish i had got better ones. using them on the black thinline and the washburn classical.  overallrating 3 lineend
name hcross review i have a taylor 710ce and this strap had to be forced over the top connection near the neck of the guitar. rather than ruin the finish of the guitar i just got a different strap. plus the nylon slips very easy which is not a plus for me since i had to keep correcting the position of the guitar to where i liked it to play. if the nylon is not a problem for you and the ends fit over your guitar this strap is very well made.  overallrating 2 lineend
name K. review s, i feel i got a different product, as it didn't fit the descriptions given by others. i ordered two of these, and both were very thin material, not sturdy at all. second, both straps were not adjustable to 59&#34;. both mine measured 45&#34; from strap button hole to strap button hole, fully-extended. they are useless to me, as my guitar, a dreadnought, covers the middle of my chest when i put it on. i believe i was given a substitute product, since when i ordered these straps, the price was just $1 0, and now they're back up to $4.95 as i write this. i'm really sick of these amazon substitutions. for what i paid, i won't bother returning them...not worth the hassle. i will donate them to a local music teacher who has students with smaller guitars. very disappointed. warning...if you see a price drop below $4.95, don't buy...it's probably not the product that's described here.  overallrating 1 lineend
name patriotsarebest review good for a cheap beginner strap used for sitdown practice.this was my first guitar strap i had ever bought. i didnt really care about quality i just needed a strap to get by. over the 6 months ive had it i took it off my electric guitar and put it on a new electric acoustic i recently got and it keeps popping off. this is a problem is standing up playing at a gig or just around your house. the guitar could take that head dive of death, while one dive might not do too much damage a few might crack the neck or worse.my advice: unless you plan to sit and play (which you wont really need a strap anyways) the whole time, spend alittle more to get a leather strap. spending more on a leather strap will help avoid hole stretching and the popping off of the strap in mid play.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Daryl review i really wanted this to work, but it doesn't. don't bother,it doesn't mute the strings at all. one star, just for it getting here on time.  overallrating 1 lineend
name tj review i bought a glaesel bridge & this glaesel rubber mute together. i bought this because it was cheap and had so many good reviews. the mute fits the bridge fine, but compared to a brass mute (which of course works very well) this mute seems to do absolutely nothing. there is almost no discernible difference in playing the violin with or without this mute on. also, the mute can affect your playing so certain notes screech or stutter or produce other undesirable noises.if you want or need a mute for practicing quietly (as many of us do), i suggest you buy something else. this item does not work and is a total waste of money. i tried this mute on a regular acoustic violin as well as a new electric violin bought here on amazon (fyi, that cheap little electric violin is an awesome & fun item! just make sure you buythe original peg drops by ardsley& aglaesel self-adjusting 4/4 violin bridge mediumwith it!).i consider this mute completely useless since it does not do anything at all. it does not mute or lower the volume of any violin in any noticeable way.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Igor review pedal is not working, it just making noise. poor quality control.actually it looks like used pedal, not like new.don't recommend this product.  overallrating 1 lineend
name J. review all i gotta say about this product is that i get a volume/tone loss when it's plugged; that is a very big problem for me. other than that is very well built, but the fact that it decreases my volume is a major issue for me.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Saltydawg review the travel would be tolerable for a sitting position..., but i stand in front of a mic on stage. the pedal generates a lot of &#34;noise&#34; so i can't use it. you get what you pay for. king vox and dunlop high Gain, both passive, have passed the test, and i'm pretty picky!  overallrating 2 lineend
name Twiddly review i purchased this as an extra cv controller for a digitech control 2. when i got it, i tried it out as a volume pedal just for kicks and yes it does suck the tone right out of the signal. as far as a cv controler? it sucks at that too! why? it squeaks as you move it (after 5 minutes use, right out of the box). behringer is a joke and gives german engineering a bad name (although only 'conceived' in germany).it's a direct copy of the yamaha fc9 and so i am about to purchase one of those and see how it compares. i'm betting the extra 45 dollars will be well worth it.also, you may say \"who cares if it squeaks a little\"? well i do when i am controlling volume swells or a 'wah' effect at low volume in the studio!good luck if you buy it.  overallrating 1 lineend
name K. review first.the photo shows no ON/OFF switch, however this does not catch any attention.and all seller seems to have trouble to say \"this product does not have this, does not have that...\" it only says what the product does have.oh well, i got stuck with two microphones without on/off switch.i can buy an adapter with on/off switch for microphone.  overallrating 2 lineend
name JdoubleH review pretty disappointed in the color. as the review title indicates, what i received is more of a 'black chrome' or dingy stainless color. these are simply not going to work with the mots pickguard i purchased them for. perhaps they would blend in better on a black, black pearl or tort pickguard.i ordered another package from another vendor and got the same result. perhaps it is a large factory shipment that is 'bad'. some are very dull looking. very disappointing, really.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Stinky review i can't believe these were actually sent to me. the heads are smaller than normal pickguard screws and the metal is blackened. they come from taiwan but look like they were subcontracted to china. i am sending them back. there is no way i would use these. any screw you get from home depot would work better and look more attractive. i am seeing nothing but product after product like this coming from fender and it is a clear sign they are simply trying to maximize profits at any cost.  overallrating 1 lineend
name djinx review i was a little disappointed. don't know if it's a qc problem or if i just got some rejects but out of 6 pots, 1 was out of spec (315k) and 2 were almost out (289k, 205k). 1 was right on the money and the other 2 were within 10%. they are ctl's so i'm a bit confused. other than that they work fine, they have the nut, washer and cap included (no knob). i will be upgrading the caps.  overallrating 2 lineend
name crazy review this pickguard was used. it not only was missing the protective plastic but it actually was scratched from being on a guitar before.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Jeremy review i would think it would be reasonable to assume that this would fit a squier bullet strat, but the holes didn't line up, it didn't fit between the neck and the bridge, in fact, it was completely wrong. nice quality though.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Reaperman review bought this a while back just got around to installing it on my mexi strat. doesn't fit perfect. kinda bummed but oh well  overallrating 1 lineend
name Andrew review buttons itself are fine, however when i was installing it the screw broke inside the guitar (right above the thread). and i even pre-drill it. there is no way i can get it out :( so had to find real screw and drill new hole next to it (now slightly off-center now)  overallrating 2 lineend
name animulvr review need 2 volume knobs and 1 tone, so for the price (and in the past) i have always purchased 2 packs together with no issues, however recently i needed and ordered some and i found out of 4 sets, no consistency in quality... example the lettering is thinner on some than others within the same set and between sets of the same item#. also some had bright white lettering and others did not (but where not vintage lettering either). guess these are too cheap for fender to have qc on.will try other brands next time.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Dako review i've ordered two of these kits in the aged white, and each one has had severe scratches and scuffs all over the tremolo cavity cover plate. literally to the point where it looks like someone dropped them on a concrete floor, accidentally stepped on them, and then decided they were good enough to send out for sale. the knobs, covers and tips are all in great shape, however.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Stinky review unless you guys are receiving something i am not, how can you give this anything more than one star. my backplate is so thin and cut so close to the screws that you can actually see were the route begins on the back of my fender stratocaster. this is inexcusable. all the other fender backplates i have have enough lip to cover the route, but not this mint green one. i simply cannot understand what fender is thinking. i am seeing nothing but product after product like this coming from fender and it is a clear sign they are simply trying to maximize profits at any cost.  overallrating 1 lineend
name P. review my first desk mic stand, and the adjuster part broke after only two days of use. it worked once when i originally set it, then kaput. it's never worked properly since. i still use it but have to wrap electrical tape so that it's at the right height. i would not purchase this product again.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Kreature review these strings are great if you need practice changing your strings. these strings last 2 days and then they are dull and lifeless and need to be changed, the high e and the b string tend to break before they even get tuned to pitch, ernie ball strings are garbage, the only time i will buy these is if it's the only thing available, most people like these because they are endorsed by so many musicians that are paid to say that they like this garbage, and even if they do like them they are not your average players that need more than 2 days out of a set of strings, touring musicians have the guitar tech change the strings after they play their set, and they get an unlimited amount of these crap strings so their guitars always sound fresh, you can spend 4$ for a set of ernie ball or d'addario every 2 days or you can spend $7 for a set of dr strings and change them once a month, or you can spend 10$ for a set of elixir polywebs and change your strings once every 3 months, it doesn't make sense to use these crappy ernie's unless you are sponsored by eb and have an endless supply and a tech to change them for you like the rockstars,  overallrating 1 lineend
name Joshua review it is ok, but it does not compare to the ergo holder.which you may find here:dunlop ergo pickholder.the main problem with this pickholder is that it is very difficult to get your pick out, and it is extremely fragile.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Hayden review i bought one of each soft, medium and hard wedgie rubber picks and even though the colours were right, the hard is as soft as the soft. they felt exactly the same in fact. the medium was the hardest out of the bunch.packaging error? i have no idea. the fact that each stiffness only comes in one colour and the colours were right lead me to think something is wrong with the manufacturing. so check with what you get.sound wise, the rubber really removes the treble on my acoustic guitar, making it sound really dull and muted.there is a lot more friction from the rubber on the strings that i do not think it is idea for strumming.the only reason i can think of using is if you want to reduce the noise but frankly, you would have much more control if you used your fingers instead.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Michael review s i read stated that these were like rigid picks, but no they are not. too bad as i had high hopes.Good picks if you don't have to tremolo pick, not very good if do have to.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Surferofromantica review s carefully - it's definitely something different, but not sturdy at all, rubber bits come off as you strum, and there are complaints of skid marks on strings and fingers. ouch! i'm much happier with my friday the 13th glow-in-the-dark picks - that is an experiment that worked!and who cares about hard pick sounds anyway? if you want something that sounds like your fingers strumming, why don't you use&#8230; your fingers?  overallrating 2 lineend
name Walter review these picks do cut pick noise but with an acoustic guitar they wear very rapidly and leave a rubbery residue all over my guitar. i don't like the thought of what damage that stuff would do over time to the inside of my guitar with that stuff getting all over my pickups, etc. big disappointment. i'm getting a lot of high string in my guitar sound and thought these picks might solve the problem. back to the drawing board i go.  overallrating 1 lineend
name SRR review on the music stand. that comes with a solid extension arm...  overallrating 2 lineend
name Vivid review ok, it was cheap (nine bucks at the time), the design looked good and sensible, and it seemed a perfect solution to a real need. i bought it without hesitation. however(!), once hooked up, i was very surprised how flimsy it is. i have a 13\" gooseneck, a light condenser mic and small shock-mount on it. at the slightest movement of the mic stand this attachment flaps up and down like crazy and will continue this way for a something like a minute if not stopped by hand. obviously, any small bump into the stand will once again set this off. using it at home, i've gotten away with not touching the stand while recording by being very careful, but obviously this unit is far from ideal. since then, i've gotten another sidemount boom from this same brand, and though i haven't really put through its paces yet, this other unit is rock solid and far more adjustable and reliable, and only costs a few bucks more (on stage msa9508 posi-lok sidemount boom). for anyone considering this product, i highly recommend bypassing this one and forking out just a few more bucks for the on stage msa9508 posi-lok sidemount boom. you will be far far happier.cheers!  overallrating 1 lineend
name Amazon review i thought i could take the smell. i couldn't.otherwise it would be a decent deal and not bad sounding.the case is nice too, but everything smells like the chinese rubber smell at harbor freight tools. (sulfur?)i tried airing it out for a week with no success.If you have no sense of smell, get one.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Amazon review the material it's made of is good, and it holds the guitar. the only things i don't like are 2.1)each of the corners has a cap. the one at the bottom where you actually put the guitar it comes off.2)the part at the bottom that looks like a u (used to hold the guitar) it spins... it means that there is nothing like a bolt or a screw to make it stay still, so every time you try to put your guitar on you have to make sure to put that straight.i would suggest to but a more expensive model or a totally different one.  overallrating 2 lineend
name callysto review it's semi-secure on carpeting or hard floor, but all together i am pretty unsatisfied with this stand. the bottom piece has no way to lock in place, and although with the guitar on it it is more stable, i am not comfortable enough risking my wonderful guitar to something rather flimsy...i prefer the one that is mounted on the wall as more stable overall. this one? meh. not worth the purchase in my opinion... booooooooo.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Mike review er who has, upon personal inspection, discovered that the rear leg of the stand is too short to provide staedy support for any beloved guitar. i returned it.i've &#34;first act&#34; brand stands similar in appearance but more intelligently constructed.  overallrating 1 lineend
name trishlink review this arrived with one end of the security strap and metal part...broken! ok...i bought it on sale and returning it would not be an option...it would cost as much to mail back as it did to buy it!obviously it was not the packaging which was more than adequate and there were no broken off pieces in the box.of course,i could not recommend this product to anyone...most disappointing purchase!  overallrating 1 lineend
name cincinnatislim review purchased these for a new heritage h-575 arch top. a few months later, the high E string unwound from the ball end. overall good strings, good sound -- this set simply didn't last very long. i will replace with 12s however. for me the 11s felt a little loose. the 12s will likely improve the sound of the jazz box. i have 12s on an epiphone joe pass model. i'll be curious to hear how the 12s sound incomparison to the 11s.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Samuel review the version i picked came with a grounding wire, claiming that using the wire in conjunction with the brush would discharge all of the electrostatic-producing snap, crackles, and pops. if you believe that, continue to do so, and maybe you'll imagine less surface noise than was the case before employing the device. speaking more pragmatically, i've found some use for the item only when loose, conspicuous debris has collected on the surface of a vinyl disc.  overallrating 2 lineend
name luiszo review i purchased these as well as the jim dunlop 7000 locks. i recommend the 7000 model. they both work the same way and are made pretty much the same way, but these are just to big and clumsy. the 7000 model does the same and doesn't take as much space. you will need the straps to either be thin at the ends or your strap buttons/pegs to have enough room for the strap and then these units. this is true for either one of the models. i have a regular nylon 2&#34; levy strap and these two models (7000 and 7007si) work well, but i prefer the smaller, rounder model (7000).  overallrating 2 lineend
name Minh review they only fit if you have enough room in your strap button, if not they will just pop right out. i threw mine away.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Truthinadvertising review i even called dunlop to see if these lok strap systems would work for an electric acoustic. the guy at dunlop told me \"oh yes, they have been specifically designed to work with electric acoustic\". that is not the case. i purchased multiple units, and it will cost me more to return to amazon than it's worth. but basically i know have hunks of plastic that i could use to make a sculpture!because of the bottom pin being the plug in for electric pick up, the thickness causes a problem and this plastic do hickey will not fit.If anyone out there has a solution for securing the strap, please reply to this feedback.what really frosts me is that i called dunlop and apparently their customer service folks don't know their products well enough to be recommending product. it's called, train your people!!!  overallrating 1 lineend
name William review hard to believe this was so bad. i have a planet waves locking guitar strap, which is a dream, and thought this would allow me to lock a regular strap. however, it is so thick that it can't really fit on a regular guitar strap pin with a strap, and when i tried to lock it, the two pieces came apart. go with the planet waves lock straps.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Clayton review i bought this capo thinking it would look slicker without the clamp handles sticking out but what i found is that although it looks cool, it's complicated (which for a capo is saying something). the release lever makes it difficult to get a good amount of pressure on the strings and nearly impossible to put it at the top of the guitar when not in use.bottom line: if you don't mind the extra effort and don't plan on keeping it on your guitar when not using, then maybe you will enjoy it. for everyone else, look elsewhere.  overallrating 2 lineend
name CLS review barring any interference from any other devices or radio stations broadcasting on the same frequency and any manufacturer's defects ... the unit does what it was meant to do. i do however question whether the word \"pro\" should apply to this system. although the 1/4 inch mono plug that comes with the receiver offers the ability of plugging directly into most powered speaker systems or to a mixer, the overall quality of the audio brought back memories of mornings standing outside the classroom with my schoolmates and listening first to the national anthem being played and then announcements coming out of the pa system. the signal does experience some fading when the transmitter is moved about. to its defense, it is fighting against a radio music station broadcasting at near band frequency which can be received if the transmitter is off or further than 25 feet away.after playing with the device for a couple more minutes, i noticed that any movement whether i kept the receiver and transmitter stationary and i moved about my home or moved just the transmitter about severely affected the quality of the reception. even the length of the mic cord, whether wound up or straight or even just gathered around the sending unit had an adverse effect on the sound output quality. yikes!!! perhaps its because of the competing signal its receiving from another source which i previously described above. i'm afraid this would not be a very usable and dependable device for my purposes. i'll probably be returning this unit asap.  overallrating 2 lineend
name ixd735 review i bought this because--hey, a wireless mic for $13? why not? i might be able to use this in a public address system--the connections all work, and it makes sounds, but the static is unbearable no matter how much i fiddle with different, the adjustment screw in the receiver... nothing works. the audio is always clipped. don't even think of using this for music.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Leseagle review arrive, in trashed packing, but the worst was that it sounded like a piece of chalk on a blackboard... certainly not professional quality or any quality that i would give it.  overallrating 1 lineend
name garmenteros review i got these for a custom les paul 5 string bass i had built and one of the locks broke off after a month and a couple of uses. also the locks were quite uncomfortable to use. i had never used strap locks before and don't think i will again.  overallrating 2 lineend
name HLB review our family of 2 guitarists and 1 bassist switched to these style locks about a year ago. every one of us has had continual problems with the locks periodically unscrewing themselves from the guitar body. i had one back out during a gig and damage a brand new 60th anniversary american p-bass...not good. my son had one come out on him in the middle of a gig last weekend.the problem with the design is there's a ton of friction between the top and bottom pieces of the lock which results in the tab that's screwed into the body unscrewing itself. we've tried applying bar soap, petro jelly, and a spray can based dry lubricant.... none of which prevented the ultimate forces that cause this phenomenon.we are switching to the dunlop style locks as that design incorporates ball bearings which allows the strap to rotate freely back and forth with next to zero 'unscrewing' force.we tried to make the shallers work but just could not. maybe we're all too active on stage but we cannot tolerate the equipment damage nor the performance distruptions these have caused us.  overallrating 1 lineend
name K. review no where on the description does it say that the mic clip is not included. the only place is on the box after you have received the item. there's no instruction (which is fine). but in the product description it doesn't say that you must purchase the mic clip separately or you can't use it.i bought this and have it shipped second day because i need to use it and now i can't because it doesn't come with a mic clip which i have to spend another 5-10 to get it plus shipping. the price is the stand is reasonable had it included the mic clip. but without it, i felt cheated.  overallrating 2 lineend
name garmenteros review the only reason i'm not giving this one star is that i didn't expect much for such a low cost pedal. i got this for one of my guitar players so he could use it to switch between clean tones and distortion at our rental practice space before he gets the money to buy a halfstack and decent sounding pedals. we have a punk ska band (think suicide machines, sublime) and need to switch a lot in all our songs. i thought this pedal would get us by someway in the meanwhile. nope. this pedal sucks your guitar's tone, and you have to turn the knobs all the way to get anything going, and its not a pleasant sound either way. avoid.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Ecadad review i purchased this as my first guitar slide. i loved it for about one month, then it fell off my finger and shattered into tiny pieces. i almost cut myself! i will never buy a glass slide again, i recently bought a dunlop brass slide and love it. the difference between glass and metal is that glass is a muddier, mellow tone, and glass is crisper, louder, and does not break. i would not suggest this to anyone. the metal ones are about the same price, they don't break, and sound way better. there's a reason all pros use metal! the review below is wrong. slides are meant to cover your entire finger, all the way to the tip. you don't bend your finger to play slide. you retune your guitar to an open tuning. just thought i would point that out.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Carlos review cheap crappy strap. it's too stiff, not comfortable at all. i regret purchasing this... save your money, go hunt for a coach strap or something similar. they are expensive but worth it.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Don review this is my first guitar belt, it is not a good fit, the connection to the guitar is far too thick, i try to not remove it too often as it is highly inconvenient and hard to manage. other than that it is usable, sort of, but i am thinking of getting some kind of metal hook instead, the thick leather is so unpleasant to deal with.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Mike review i've two of these stands. on one of them, the base part of the tubing has lost its tack weld. if you carefully separate the pie slice shaped black foam from the base of the stand, you'll see that the base of the tubing is welded there. mine lost its weld, so the tubing is not secure to the grey base - they separate - i was left holding the tubing while the grey base fell to the floor!update: 1/9/12 glen ingles refuses to replace or repair the stand. beware! ...and you should be aware that the stand is assembled in..............wait for it................china. that may explain why it failed, but glen ingles could have offered to replace it. i guess he doesn't want me to buy any more of his products, or refer others to his products. well, that's his policy. that's okay, he's got competition, and i'll be purchasing from them instead.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Bobby review my problem is that i am used to playing hohner golden melody and special 20 harps. i guess i should have paid attention to the other 1 and 2 star ratings. these harps have no volume. don't waste your money on them. i guess the only thing worth having is the case, but the case has no handles or carry strap.5/25/14 - i said the case had no handle, well i take that back. there is a little strap inside that prevents the case from opening flat. i was able to fold that little strap outwards and then zip the two zippers up to it. with one finger i can carry the case with my quality harps inside.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Ken review disappointing; was looking for to receiving these.but; mostly they are unplayable. leak air badly. easier learning bagpipes than these things.save your money and get some harps that actually work.decent case though.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Smurfie review i have other harmonica's but thought i'd like a set of blues harps. i thought that if it's made by hohner, it must be fairly good. wow, was i wrong. too hard to push notes through them. i wouldn't recommend these to anyone.  overallrating 2 lineend
name D. review crikey, where to begin. firstly, i hated the fact that they package two strings to a paper packet. secondly, they mismarked one of the packets, so it appeared i had two &#34;d&#34; strings, instead of two &#34;e&#34; strings. lastly, and certainly the least favorably, once tuned up, the strings sounded terrible! they were tinny and clangy sounding. i've never heard worse strings. fortunately, i had bought a package of ernie ball earthwood med. light, as well. i replaced the godawful martins with the ernie ball's and they were far, far better! shame on martin for such a piss poor product. i'll never buy their strings again.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Cefer review i am very disappointed. the guitar was packed with its strings tensioned and the top detachment partially from the guitar body.it is unusable until repaired.update: it has been several days after writing and attach photographs to the seller (amazon), and have not received any communication.  overallrating 1 lineend
name D. review dampit was recommended to me by a guitar instructor years ago, and i have used the standard model for some time. it seemed kind of tricky to get it to hold enough water to humidify the guitar yet still get it dry enough to have absolutely zero drips inside the instrument.i used to hang it by the clip and let it drip dry for about 15 minutes while i was doing other things before placing it in the guitar.later i wound up trying the humidipak humidifiers and to help recharge them on a dreadnought, i took to putting the dampit in a gallon plastic bag with distilled water and a resealable top, pressing on the sides to saturate it, then rolling it up in a planet waves microfiber polishing cloth and pressing on the end of the cloth to soak it. then unroll the cloth, put the dampit in under the headstock where a drop of water would just go into the hard shell case, then rolling up the end of the polishing cloth to cover the wet end with dry material and pushing it into the sound hole over the humidipaks. worked great.so i ordered a super dampit for my new 000 acoustic planning to do the same. they now ship without the clips. company says they've had too many complaints about scratches, though i didn't seem to have a problem, wasn't about to take a chance with a costly new acquisition. more importantly, there is supposed to be a sponge to absorb water inside the tube and when i pressed on the sides of the tube, it was empty. so i sent it back to amazon for a refund. no problem getting the refund, but i'm moving on from dampit to try the planet waves insert with a sponge that has eliminated the chance of water dripping in the guitar or damaging the finish.if you use it to soak the polishing cloth as described above, that still works great, but there's really not enough room for that in the om model, so between that and the missing sponge, will just try something else.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Vivid review i wanted to like this. i really did. the idea of an amp this portable and cheap just made me think, &#34;perfect&#34;. however, the unit i received was cr@p, and i'm going to assume it was defective and not blanket all the positive reviews with dispersions. the one i got kept cutting in and out. you might be playing a solo line and you might hear about 75% of the notes or something. and when holding a chord, the sustained sound would cut out after a few seconds. frustrating.i did weigh whether or not to try a replacement unit. the so-so sound and overall quality however didn't compel me to give it another go. bummer. any suggestions for an amp of similar size and portability?cheers  overallrating 1 lineend
name Lochsa review the only instrument this works well on is my yamaha guitarelele which has nylon strings, for steel strings i want more pressure, i advise getting the ns capo that is not \"lite\ i prefer that one above this model.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Sunn review i ordered one of these because i like my other planet waves capo a lot (i believe its the older metal version of this, not the &#34;lite&#34;). however, this one just does not screw down enough to hold down the strings, especially down at the lower frets where the neck is a little thinner (on a martin jumbo acoustic). it will barely bend the strings down behind the fret but not enough to prevent buzzing. your fretting hand will naturally push the capo back and out of position quite easily when playing open chords too.i'm not sure why the plastic version has this issue when it appears to have an identical design to the old metal one. it doesn't seem defective as no parts are bent or missing as far as i can tell. unless i just happen to get one with a shorter than normal screw, i wouldn't recommend it for any guitar without a thick neck.my recommendation is the classic kyser capo thats more dependable and quicker to apply and remove (it also attaches to your headstock effortlessly when not in use). if you are looking for the screw-down style, i would look for the older version of this and avoid the &#34;lite&#34;.  overallrating 2 lineend
name fretter review it is inexpensive but is difficult to use anywhere with other noise..i used it for several years but it is only a backup now.. nice part is that you can calibrate the tuning, although probably would not be used by most musicians.. other than that i think money would be better spent on a headstock type tuner.. i would not recommend it.  overallrating 2 lineend
name James review it doesn't seem to work. i think maybe mine was damaged or something because it doesn't seem to absorb any water.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Scott review the sheets seem to work fine to polish the frets but the template is cut from the cardboard box which obviously isn't going to last long. also, trying to hold the cardboard on the neck is a pain and my finger is killing.i'm going to go buy a fret eraser and be done with it.  overallrating 1 lineend
name An review the chorus is subtle... but it seems lacking to me. it is subtle but really weak compared to the classic rich ibanez chorus i have.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Seventh-777 review this thing is useless. good idea, but way too light/rickety to be useful. unless you're constantly aware of it, 99% of the time you'll end up just kicking it over when you go to put your foot on it. pass on this.  overallrating 1 lineend
name HoboKing67 review i've had it for about a month now and it hasn't fallen apart so i guess that's a plus, but the main issue with this rackmount is that whatever automated machine they used to drill the screw holes is definitely defective, as a large majority of the holes are slightly deformed and will not take in the provided screws and are therefore useless. thanks to this problem i am only able to use two slots out of twelve. it's definitely very frustrating and although the price is tempting, stay away from this.  overallrating 1 lineend
name OfficeBoy review it's really not a 200w system. the booklet even says it is only 100 watts, and i doubt it is really even that powerful. the wireless microphone only works when you put your mouth about an inch from it. my shure xlr wired microphones do not work with it even with an adapter plug. the instrument input works ok with my taylor guitar, but it's not 100 watts loud. i guess it's ok as a portable guitar amp in a small venue without any vocals.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Player review this system works just okay. try to turn it up and you get bad feedback.my microphone stopped working shortly after i purchased this item. i contacted pyle to see about a replacement and got nothing but runaround from them.they couldn't give me a price for repair or to purchase a new one, or where i could even buy a replacement.very frustrating!  overallrating 2 lineend
name Hayden review i have had this tuner for about half a year and frankly, i have had enough.the main problem with this tuner is the usability.the tuner has a poor display, is extremely finicky and it does not display the octave of the key.tuning with it can be condensed into one word - frustrating.the needle is very finicky and jumps all over when ever i pick the strings, especially so when the guitar is much out of tune.the poor display is dark, with no build-in light, and has poor visibility at angles too. combine all that you have a terrible, accurate tuner.yes, it is accurate but only as accurate as what the graph can display, which is +/-2 cents.enough said, i bought a new tuner, the seiko sat800, for a bit more money that this.the main differences between sat800 and the ca-40:sat800 has a build-in light, ca-40 does not.ca-40 has a build-in stand at the back to prop it up to a 45deg angle, sat800 does not.sat800 has a auto and manual mode, ca-40 has auto.sat800 displays the octave of the note, e.g. 1e, 2e, etc, ca-40 displays only displays the alphabet, e for all oactaves.sat800 has a numerical display for the cents off, ca-40 does not.the needle graph on the seiko is much more stable and it is just way more usable overall.i wholly recommend you do not purchase this tuner. i was fooled into buying it by the other reviewers on amazon and i hope you would not be.  overallrating 1 lineend
name TWM review this tuner works fine for the flute and clarinet however for things that use the input jack it doesn't really work. as soon as i insert any cord into the jack it automaticly goes to a very low b flat and stays there... even if the guitar and bass are not on the other end. at first i thought it was my cord however after four cords doing this, i also tried other tuners with the same cords and they worked fine. so again works good on the sound input but poorly with cord input.  overallrating 1 lineend
name BAT review i've been very disappointed with this tuner. when i've used it the needle keeps jumping all the way to the right(sharp) then back to the left(flat). i have two(2) other tuners i bought from wal-mart and i always get accurate tunings from them. i bought this korg because it's a brand name and the company has an outstanding reputation. even though my tow(2) wal-mart tuners are older, they both still work better than this korg.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Joshua review there are better tuners out there. far better. this could be good, but it seems to me that all korg products seem to think of standard tuning as the only tuning out there, and they don't even tune it well to standard (especially when tuning the g string)! i personally play exclusively in standard for my electric playing, but sometimes i want to fiddle around with open-tunings on an acoustic. this piece-of-junk makes it incredibly difficult to tune to any tuning using \"f\" or \"c\" notes. i have no clue as to why that is, pretty stupid if you ask me, especially once you consider that majority of this generations guitarists are metal heads playing in drop c tuning or acoustic d-bags (i say that with love) that play in open tunings. trust me, your money is best spent elsewhere.  overallrating 1 lineend
name William review this would have been a nice slide if i could get it on my finger. i'm borderline skinny and it still won't fit. save your money unless your under 10 years old.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Network13 review lets face it, in general string winders are pretty much all the same right? wrong! i went with this one because i trusted the dunlop name. what a let down. on the second guitar i used it on the handle and the head separated, sure you can press it back together, but after separating several times on every string, it gets a little old....quick. already ordered a different one to replace it. one thing i cant stand is inferior tools.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Reaperman review ok its cheap. you knew that when you bought it. i really thought it was going to be more then one since it said assorted and showed a few in the picture. it was only one and it was red. broke with first use.  overallrating 1 lineend
name kay review in the old days, we used tobe able to buyall 6 nylon clear strings....now tis almost impossible....with these strings on even a cheap or semi decentclassic geeetar....one will prefer playing on the hi 3 treble strings...very nice, resonant, and clean...not shrillbutwhat is that garbage metallica with the other 3 supposed to bebass strings i dont know...again, like someone else noted the obvious>>>>>sound transition from the nylon to the wire wound nylon is gigantic.this makes the move from the d to the g string too noticablecant they even make 6 strings that sound similar for the same one guitar even ?makes it sound like 2 different geeetars totally...sucks bad now.oohthanks man  overallrating 2 lineend
name debi review this strap is uncomfortable and too flimsy to feel good, also doesn't fit an instrument where there's no place to hook it . i returned mine, as it just didn't fit well for my uke or mandolin.  overallrating 1 lineend
name loumann review sorry fender...this one is just a waste of money. get something better that doesn't twist up an ravel into knots.  overallrating 1 lineend
name NoKidding review don't know what i expected for such a cheap price, but this product's quality is in line with its price. also, the fit over my ukulele's fretboard is very tight, making it hard to put on and remove.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Reviewer review this one is probably closer to a $150 guitar. the fit and finish is quite nice but at the end of the day it's just like most of the other made in china guitar. from the reviews i was really hoping this was some great gem for only $200, but i'm not at all impressed. one thing that bothered me is that these guys make everything from guitars to jet skis - which usually means they're a jack of all trades but a master of none.i recently bought a johnson jg-610-n, a johnson jg-620-n, a bristol bd-16, a jasmine s35, and this yamaha. if i'd only played the yamaha i'd probably think it was a pretty nice guitar, but having tried all of these side-by-side i can definitely say it's not at all amazing. the bristol blows this thing out of the water, and not just because it's $50 cheaper, it plays and sounds better. the johnson guitars both have a little higher action, not a lot of highs, and a cheaper fit and finish. the jasmine is nice but i haven't spent enough time playing it to give a true review.the yamaha fg700gs is definitely neat to look at, and has decent mids, but doesn't really have a great high to low end punch. now, it it quite a bit wider at the bottom so it has some more body, but, the sound range overall wasn't great. the bristol has great highs and plenty of deep lows in comparison. also, the fretboard felt a wee bit thicker on the yahama, though putting them next to the other guitars it looked about the same.can't help but think that the reviews here are a bit \"hive mind\" where everybody buys into a hype. maybe i got a dud guitar, but i doubt it, they're all made in the same factory.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Bloose review i bought this to connect a technics tt with an audio technica cartridge to my newer onkyo receiver with no phono input. the unit did work but i had to turn the volume to 80 (out of 100) to get any reasonable volume. in addition i have an onkyo m3040 connected to the receiver that i use for as a zone 2 amplifier. with this preamp i am getting some serious spikes into the amp. they are not audible but the lights would dim and the volume from the zone 2 speakers would drop. i do not have this problem with any other source so it appears to be some signal from this preamp.this unit may work perfectly fine with a behringer mixer but for my use it doesn't meet my needs at all. i am returning it.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Daits review the mixer is good for the price but i had to return my first one soon after opening it due to some loose parts moving around inside. the packing way below average. as a matter of fact, it was the only outer box without any cushioning. after seeing those ups and fedex delivery videos i would not pack a ups or fedex shipping item in such a poor packing. however, the great seller ( i am referring to amazon) immediately responded and sent me a replacement along with a prepaid label to return the fist unit. second unit too had the similar packing but no damages. worked fine.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Seventh-777 review considering the price is so cheap on these, i took a chance on this about a year ago for my home hobbyist studio. to say that i used it \"rarely\" is an understatement - maybe once a month when i have friends over for jamming as a way to get my vdrums and a bass di through my powered wedges. that said, within a year two of the channels stopped working altogether, and the main volume fader became scratchy and jumpy to the point that the volume all the way down would = the volume all the way up.aside from it not working less than a year later, as others have mentioned the lack of a power button combined with the wall wart adapter is a bit of a pain as well. however, if you're building a studio on a budget and want to roll the dice, it's a decent little mixer while it works.pass on this - sound quality is decent for the price, but reliability gets a zero.  overallrating 2 lineend
name The review this pedal, in short, sucks. there's no point to having an a/b pedal if it adds a huge amount of hiss to your sound. behringer needs to go back to the drawing board with this.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Austin review i'd give this 1 and a half stars if i could. this little amp is so noisy if you hardly touch/move a cable plugged into it. it is so hard to get full sound in head/earphones with this. i can only hear in one ear in every headphone/output, and hardly anything in the other. i have to always adjust my cable's connector to get any full sound for a second. i can still use this, but hardly. i really don't like this.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Papa review it's a decent unit, but stopped working completely after about 6 months. tried everything i could, but it's gone. i would not recommend this pedal.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Michelle review behringer pedals are really cheaply made and the feel amazingly light, cheap and unable to take the riggors of gigging. i just didn't want to spend $100 on the boss version, but you get what you pay for! another thing that i hate is it's really hard to change the battery, unlike the boss pedals. save your money and steer clear of this one. i also bought a behringer power amp for $200 that lasted a few gigs befor it crapped out.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Scott review if you go very high with the boost in frequencies, you will get noise in significant quantities. too noisy to please me for anything except experimentation. pay the extra money and get something quiet. others complained about this and they were right. if you want to experiment with equalization, its good and cheap. some complained about each band boosting others. this is more of a user problem than manufacturing. if you want to isolate a frequency range, boost that range and then cut the ones before and after it and you'll get a narrow range. in this respect, its like an mxr 6 band.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Ken review bought this because of all the great reviews, butthis doesn't work, just like the last beringer product i bought. will i ever learn? very disappointing.UPDATE- now working; got my mate an aussie genius to have a look.found pedal wasn't engaging when pushed down.took plastic cover off and pressed black button with his pinky and light came on; sheer genius.worked fine with cover off; then replaced cover with new bit of rubber. and it still works.amazing sound actuallystill not sold on berhinger though  overallrating 1 lineend
name J review ok i understand it now - i use abelton live 8 and thought this would be and easy, read cheap, interface to record some instruments with. wrong! i am returning it. it does not work, has no drivers and is not detected on my mac (my mac finds everything). bought the focusrite unit instead. got it to work on garage band but latency was miserable and so was hiss on recordings. save your money and time. buy the focusrite interface or one of the others. yes over $100 but you either want feedback, hiss and frustration or you want a smooth interface connection with good resonance. it also lacks 1/4 plug, one rca input, you need an addapter. not what i thought i was getting - dumb me.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Richard review not very bright. not very flexible. too big. clunky. i really don't like it. i wish i had went in a different direction.  overallrating 1 lineend
name kay review soi f you want to turn distor t off,u cannot.dig?it s always on...alwaysif you like hard rock that wayu need this tiny gig thingie  overallrating 2 lineend
name Casby review while the product came as described, the build quality felt a little lacking. on the website it mentioned that it accepts the shure ksm32 threading but it does not, so if you're threading matches the ksm32, look elsewhere.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Charlo review i picked one of these up when they were being blown out cheaply at a big box store. who doesn't need another pocket tuner to throw in the guitar bag, right? the price was less than ten bucks, but unfortunately it doesn't work very well. the microphone inside the unit is simply not very accurate. it gets you in the ballpark, but just barely. strike a note once, and it's sharp. play the same note with the same force again and it says you are in tune. i think the korg tuner is in roughly the same price range and it performs the job much better.  overallrating 2 lineend
name John review strings rust very easily, yield fairly poor tone and break often, though they have the same bending ability as 9-.42.  overallrating 2 lineend
name ixd735 review pros:-price point-good, clean audio quality when working.-changeable mesh ballscons:-limited upper frequency response (&#62;8khz)-one stopped working after about half an hour of use. it was not dropped or abused in any way.-requires nearly direct line of sight between transmitter and receiver for any distance greater than 10 feet.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Kevin review they say 2-4 months, i've never come close to even a month. usually 3 weeks and they are toast in a guitar case not opened more than twice in that 3 weeks. if it sounds too good to be true, it usually is. i don't recommend these.  overallrating 1 lineend
name C. review i bought this pedal new, hoping to get an electric solid body guitar to sound somewhat like an acoustic guitar on stage. i knew going in that it would not sound like a martin d-28, but i thought it would be good enough to play a couple of acoustic parts without having to switch guitars.imagine my profound disappointment.really, boss??? this is by far the worst pedal i have ever used of yours. this thing has a terrible hiss when you turn the review s on-line. seems like it is part of the design. it's too bad because one can hear some promise in the faux acoustic tones, hidden beneath a wall of fizz. totally unusable, as far as i'm concerned. by the way, i tested it direct to a pa as well as into a guitar amp with a single coil guitar (strat).  overallrating 1 lineend
name Johnny review summaryacoustic sounds &#34;ok&#34;, but noisy in weird ways. i returned it. price seems high for what it is and vs. alternatives in the marketplace.pros- boss case is metal, mechanical design is durable- standard 9v power, and the power jack is on the back where it belongs.- variety of acoustic sounds possible. (personally, i only thought 1 of them sounded realistic at all though)cons- fizzy noise integrated with notes played (or chords)- generally kind of noisy in the pedal chain- while i have several boss pedals, i think they always make the knobs too small and the font/print too small. i prefer pedals with larger and fewer knobs that can be tweaked with your toe if needed while playing.details:the basic concept is good. i had an ac-2 (prior model) and sold it because it had a noise problem where there was a fizzy noise when you play a note. it wasn't in between the notes or when not playing, it was integrated with the sound of every note you played (or chord) and you could not filter it. it was also just noisy in the pedal chain. adjusting your guitar volume down for higher gain pickups helps some. however, i sold that model because i didn't want the pedal in the chain with everything else and i wasn't happy with the sound. at the time, the ac-2's were selling for about $85 new. boss since redesigned and raised the price significantly on the ac-3.i bought the ac-3 hoping they had improved the issues of the ac-2 -- and they did, a little. but not enough to keep it. i returned it after a week because it still has the same basic issues, just not as pronounced. i think the ac-3 could work for gigging, but there are other choices that sound as good for $25 instead of $130 to $150 (with tax and/or shipping) so to me, the boss pedal is overpriced and not that great.i opted for a behringer acoustic modeller instead. they make two -- a &#34;300&#34; and a &#34;400&#34;. the 400 has reverb on the pedal. i opted for the 300 and got it for $25. i expect the durability will be lower on the behringer than the boss as it has a plastic case. however, this is an effect i pull out just once in a while and since i can buy 4 or 5 or 6 behringers for the price of a boss....if it breaks...i'll just buy another.i also have a boss gt-100 multi-effects unit. you can get the same or similar acoustic modelling sounds out of that, out of the behringer or out of the boss ac-3. the least cost effective of those choices is the ac-3 - and it has noise issues the other two don't have.i'm not saying its a bad pedal, i'm just saying it wasn't the best choice for me when considering the cost, the sounds, and my usage model. if they would fix the noise issues, i might have even kept it. i did opt to keep the behringer for those times i'm using a discrete pedal board and want an acoustic model effect. this boss pedal just didn't work that well for me.  overallrating 2 lineend
name F. review i bought this pedal as a companion to my roland ac-33 acoustic amp. the pedal on its face looks like a good piece of equipment and feels quite sturdy. however you do have to use a 9 volt batter to make it operate. this is totally unnecessary for a foot-switch. the worst part is the leads on the battery connector (9 volt) were not properly soldered or had shorted out. the only way i could get it to function was to let the 9volt battery dangle just right and connection would be made. for the rather high asking price and the limited function that is needed (i.e. all that has to work are two switches and a battery) you would think that boss would put out a better product. i also found that the battery cover was extremely cheap and was difficult to close, leading me to believe that the durability of the cover was in question. i would highly recommend that you look to another maker for a switch or consider constructing one yourself with readily available parts that can be purchased on this site.  overallrating 1 lineend
name TonyTee review when i purchased this i'd seriously hoped that it would make a real difference to the tone of my guitar. guess what? as far as i can tell, there is no difference whatsoever between this saddle and the original the guitar came with. this is not worth the money.  overallrating 2 lineend
name MQ review disapointed. the sensors are not providing a clear full bright sound. it sound muffled. i will have to replace it soon.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Superlead777 review ..it works.but expect some flaws.first,finding a driver to use was a pain.it doesn't come with a software disc,so look on behringer's support site for driver download.whatever driver you do use it kills all other audio,you can't run any other media player and get sound.my advice is unless you have a dedicated pc or laptop for using this...get something else.  overallrating 2 lineend
name saint review in fact, i don't think this hosa gtr215r cord lasted 2 hours. one step on the cord and it came apart. this purchase is the very reason why i'm looking to buy a wireless system. maybe if you're using this to run a pa i would recommend it. but if any performer is hard on their cords i wouldn't recommend this item....but to be fair, i would recommend wireless to any performer. you'll end up saving money over the long haul.  overallrating 2 lineend
name E. review the mic itself nor the cable that comes with the mic as they were both non-responsive. i tried the mic with other cables i have lying around that i know work, and i got nothing; it was like the mic wasn't plugged in at all. and the cable included in this pack, well, the plastic (not metal) connector to the mic was cracked. i still tried it with a difference mic... static.i can't blame amazon for the broken bits as the whole thing was packed well and the box did not appear damaged.the stand that comes with this set up seems really good for the price of the whole package. i was impressed at how much of is isn't plastic.Still... i can't recommend this product.  overallrating 1 lineend
name C. review the good:this is a good tool to practice guitar with headphones.the bad:the tones are not good by any stretch of the imagination, unless you like hyper-distorted noise. the cleans sound artificial and the crunch tones have obvious digital distortion applied. the effects are hit and miss as well. plate reverb is decent but spring reverb is so artificial sounding that it's downright offensive.throw in the fact it chews through batteries, the software interface you use to program it on your computer is really difficult to use, and how it loses its small-and-portable-factor with a guitar cable, headphone cable, and power adapter plugged into it, i'd be hard-pressed to recommend this product unless you really need to practice through headphones.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Pepper review it's a good ideal but the big problem i have is if ya are using a tube amp. ( have a 65' twin reverb fender tube ) ya get one hell of a hum. it's so bad i just can't use it at all. i'm not sure about a transistor amp. but who uses those ????  overallrating 2 lineend
name Julio review doa...no good, out of the box,plug it, nothing.....no way to send it back (i`m not from the states)....meaning...i just wasted away $40 something bucks (add shipping)....i did bought a behringer pedal before (tremolo/pan) with good results, but i guess there`s two sides to this particular low economy pedals....well, i`ll man up and buy something else...  overallrating 1 lineend
name mike review i heard great things about the s6 and so, being a novice without any idea of what to buy, i bought it based upon reviews. i've played it for a year, and after spending many hours in guitar stores comparing guitars, here are my (humble) thoughts:- the seagull is comparatively unattractive. its snake-head headstock with the tiny, not-great tuners looks out of place on a dreadnaught guitar.- the cedar top is very nice looking, and the rosewood fretboard/bridge on mine are very nice.- the laminate sides/back seem much thicker than competing guitars, and this makes the guitar heavier and, to me, less &#34;alive&#34;/resonant during playing.- the satin-finished cedar top is very easy to marr.- the cedar is warm at low to mid strumming force, but at a heavy strum, the top seems to bottom out and lose definition.- the treble sounds tinny to me and the bottom end seems muddy.- the frets are smaller than competitors but are ok.- the binding is a sharp 90 degree angle without any radius to it so it cuts into the chest and arms after playing - something i've not encountered before.- i can get the action very, very low before the frets rattle - nice!all in all, it is an ok instrument that stands out simply because it's made in canada for asian/mexican prices - that said, just because it comes from canada doesn't embody it with mystical vibes. in fact, for the price range, i can get a just-as-good asian/mexican guitar with a nicer laminate back/front, sitka spruce solid top wood, better tuners, and a more attractive headstock - with a gloss finish for durability and that sounds just as good.i don't regret getting it, but i feel like i overpaid for what i received, and while the brand might have been a great deal at last decade's exchange rates, i have seen much better guitars in shops for the same price. seagull to me is over-hyped.thanks for reading!  overallrating 2 lineend
name tommy review it sounds very artificial, i remember first getting this pedal and really loving the sound and kick it had, now that i use it with a better amp, it sounds very processed and artificial in sound that it's not even worth the price i payed for it before. i also had bought another one to replace the first one because the input section jack got messed up in the amp that it didn't want to lock with my guitar cable and when i took it apart, there was no way for me to fix it other than sending it to be replaced. shitty pedal.  overallrating 1 lineend
name santos review ok when i saw the bag i was impressed nice looking and perfect style so i decided to buy it but the bag just arrive home \"12/23/11\" and is way different from the one on the picture is a black bag with one ugly red line on the middle and it looks like is not going to protect my guitar i am really upset, i would not returned because i don't feel like fighting with no body but they shouldn't do that to the costumer we pay how much they asking so a least we should get what we pay for.  overallrating 1 lineend
name kgbak review in my experience these cables were not great. the connectors rattle, they are made of cheap materials and the cable subsequently had a ton of line noise. i can't expect miracles at that price-point but i certainly expected better. i avoid this brand of cables.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Victor review i bought this unit for a friend, and i could compare with others overdrives i already have. i think the mxr badass custom modified overdrive or way huge green rhino are better choise.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Anthony review i am a tone freak. i bought this pedal a while back under the impression that it would sound equal to a big muff. at the time i had never owned a big muff. i thought the sound it produced was big muff sound. i later took it to my friends house and matched settings with a real big muff. the difference was huge. the big muff sounded fuller where the little one sounded like you just took the sound and trapped it in a little box. i later bought a big muff and its been one of my go to pedals for at least three years of gigging. i am currently loving it still but i am curious about the nano big muff because i am looking to clear out space on my board but i will probably not use it if it sounds anything less than the real deal. i would only use the little big muff if my concerns for sound were out shined by the need to minimize board space  overallrating 2 lineend
name S. review it was not what i wanted. when a person has a low Income we can not afford what we can not use. i was looking for what is called shimmer most reverbs do not have shimmer as the rv600 because digitech called shimmer, string swell and volume swell is linked to the violin sound it cost me 30 0 its called slow motion for a reason because it has to be played slow to hear the effect the only way to hear it is with over drive being played on the high Strings. it might be good for playing with a bow, i have no Idea because i can not afford a bow.  overallrating 1 lineend
name kgbak review i just got this and i've noticed that it when i activate the pedal it sucks almost all of the bottom end out of my tone... i have a crybaby that doesn't have the range the 847 does but its 10x's more transparent. there may be other factors at play here as it is new, but the lesson is: try it before you just buy it to make sure it works for you.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Ipodcrazy review my hopes for this pad was that it would be soft a sqishy on my shoulder. the gel is pretty dense, so it's kind of hard and squishy and very heavy! i found that it just added more weight. i'm not using it. i would look elswhere for a different product.  overallrating 2 lineend
name SRR review to heavy....it doesn't stay where you need it. slips down becuase of wieght.. get something else or larger strap to dispers wieght of the guitar...  overallrating 2 lineend
name @ciscoza review these cans were decent, back when they were just above 100 bucks. they've inflated to 160 and that's just ridiculous. there is better in this price range. the srh840's for example on ebay for 120~ bucks new, does everything better than these cans. the m50's have really punchy bass, and extremely stringent highs, they're very loose in the low end, and their mids are recessed. that combination makes for a fatally tiring listening experience. the pads are pleather and terribly uncomfortable, whilst having an almost starchy texture to them. the headband clamps onto larger heads and lacks decent padding underneath. these phones are also terrible in regards to any soundstage at all, which means for gaming, these will be pretty terrible. they do some... some... new genres alright, but their extremely aggressive presentation makes these phones just hard to listen to. they also can't do lighter genres like jazz and classical due to their poor positoning. there are much much better monitors in this price range than these, the shure srh840 as i've said before totally outclass these headphones in all areas.stay away, don't fall victim to the noob hype.  overallrating 2 lineend
name kay review garbage if you like it...then buy it.this is not how the world of music sounds.too much bass and other garbage...are you guys really HEARING anything ?world has gone bass crazy since about 1981...more and more..we lost analog, we lost quality thanks tocompression and mp3, and now to put morecrap into our ears, they give you onefrequency...bass only , take it or leave it.will go find real headphones, thanks.kb  overallrating 1 lineend
name Mr. review if you want to use this to power up a tascam dr series digital recorder, i have a less expensive solution for you: if you own a usb wall charger (like a cell phone charger), you can use that to power your device through its usb port. that's a lot cheaper than spending twenty-something dollars on an additional wall wart!  overallrating 1 lineend
name David review i purchased this after reading many favorable reviews online and it seemed like a good unit for the price. after trying to use it i promptly returned it. i do sound for concerts and wanted a recorder to connect to the sound board to record shows. i have used a minidisc recorder to do this but wanted something that would easily inferface with my computer. i tried recording on the h2 using it's line in jack and recording from a line out or tape out my mackie sound board or my stereo receiver. no matter how i set the levels the recording on the h2 was very distorted. i played with the record levels and the agc and limiter functions and tried recording from several different audio sources and always got a very distorted signal. i have used my minidisc for the same application for many years and have never had a problem and have always got very clean, good quality sound. the problem with my h2 was that the gain on the mic and line inputs appear to be the same and are meant for a mic level signal, which caused any line level signal to overdrive the preamp. recording from the internal mics seems to work fine. i have worked with professional sound equipment for over 25 years and the zoom recorders are the only brand where i have found this problem.the h2 has a nice menu set up and the instructions are very easy to follow but if you want good line level recordings, look for something else. i exchanged this model for an h4n and it had the same problem recording a line level signal, but not as bad as the h2. i finally ended up getting the tascam dr-07 which i am very happy with. it has a few less bells and whistles but appears to overall be a better quality recorder.  overallrating 1 lineend
name S. review if you can read the tiny little screen, this thing records nicely. but it's a pain in the axx to move from one selection to the other. there were a couple of times i almost threw against the wall. it has a tendency to completely freeze up and the on/off switch does nothing. you have to pull the batteries out and reinstall them for the damn thing to work again.  overallrating 2 lineend
name A. review the cables are great for the price cant go wrong i have not used them for a long time but so far no problems i ordered 6 more cables.don't buy this cables they keep failing, cheap material with what i spent on them you could buy a couple decent ones  overallrating 1 lineend
name Ian review i have finally learned my lesson.i have purchased a number of these over the last year or two.. and previously had the same opinion as reviewers that say \"good for static applications\" as the cable conductors are prone to breakage, even along the length of the cable, not just at the connectors...but they are dirt cheap so i figured that was ok.but now, after recently buying and installing a cable from a mic in a sound booth to a digital mixer i checked it out and it seemed to work.a week later an acoustic duet came to record and the mic cable made the singer sound like she was singing behind a curtain.. yup..the cable.so by all means buy these on price, but when you get your items..please fully check them out.. a simple \"does it work yes/no\" is clearly not good enough, as i learned  overallrating 2 lineend
name skeletonbears review be careful; i have a small recording studio, so we put our cables through a lot, and these guys just don't last. they were fine for the first few months, but then they started to die like a murder mystery. seriously, one after another they would just go, for no apparent reason.fine one second, and then it would just go horribly staticky. i actually had two blow at one time, and thought my pa was shot. thankfully, it was just these cables. not GOOD. spend a little extra on another brand. these have been my favorite:gls audio 25ft cable cords  overallrating 1 lineend
name Paul review i got this despite the warnings about it being too short for some people. the strap is about 6\" too short for my seagull s6 guitar. i will say the build quality is great but too short, is and remains, too short. i will keep this item and take it to a shoe shop or saddle repair place and have and extendo put into the strap. i just can't understand how they can sell this a a guitar strap when it is clearly too short.2/22/2013 i fired off an email to levy and the long and \"short\" of all this is you will have to fork over another $30 to buy an extendo for this strap. i don't quite understand why they don't make the strap long enough to start with other than the fact they can extract another $30 to make it work right in the first place. here's a link to the extendo optionlevy's leathers mmgxl-2.5-brn strap extender link removed the irony here is i managed to buy the last one for the immediate future.this is just another case of caveat emptor for all buyers to consider. i got the extendo strap and it does not match the original so now i have this cobbled up looking guitar strap. it's sort of like wearing a suede shoe on one foot and a polished leather shoe on the other. i will keep this strap but sure feel like i've been had on this purchase... the terms bait and switch come to my mind.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Leland review levy's leathers could have made this guitar strap out of a softer material, especially on the edges. it cuts into your neck horribly, even thru a shirt. yukko. the fake leather on the ends are unbelievably cheap.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Billy review i have no idea what happened or if anyone else had this problem, but i got literally 8 plug-ins, and not the part where you can plug in an existing cable to make this into a chain. it's like i got an extension cord and male outlets on both ends. soooo it's pretty much useless to me. i guess if you get one of those power blocks with 9v outlets on them, i guess you could plug this into it but i really see no point. i would've shipped it back i lost the packaging and just wrote it off as loss. i think i payed like $8 for it so whatever. i would recommend going to an actual music store so you can physically see both the male ends and the female end.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Carlo review i ordered this plug because it is advertised as a &#34;1 spot&#34; brand plug. it is not what i received. instead i received a generic plug for eight 9v connections that would definitely fit the purpose, but a really cheap version. the plugs on this generic version are larger than the 1 spot and the wires are kind of stiff plastic. the original 1 spot plug has much smaller plugs, great for saving space on a pedal board, and the wires are soft and &#34;rubbery&#34;, again making it easier to work with on a pedal board, specially if you're working with a pedal board like pedaltrain where you can intertwine wires in and out between bars. i informed the seller about the issue and was told it was a mistake and that they would send me the correct one. in my email to them i included an image of the original packaging of the 1 spot 8 plug to make sure there would be no mistake, but to my amazement they sent me another compatible plug. i emailed them again for a refund, which they promptly did. i can say, that they did respond quickly and they refunded my money. i imagine that those who order this plug without ever having worked with an original 1 spot plug, wouldn't know the difference because although it is a really cheap version it does have eight 9v connectors. i strongly recommend, spend the extra two or three dollars and get the original 1 spot 8 plug.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Kevin review first behringer pedal i have returned. almost no effect provided by pedal. i have returned the unit. not worth it. lousy pedal.  overallrating 2 lineend
name M. review i give the product a 4star for doing what it is supposed to do. i give it a single star because it failed two weeks after the return period. generously, i'll give it 2stars. something like this really should last at least a year or more. cheap parts/manufacturing? 50 cents a day is not a good deal for a device of this nature.  overallrating 2 lineend
name MJK review sound is not so good. strange how the gain has to be turned up along with the volume to hear anything.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Nuri review i used ac30 for years, lost them, and decided to make a change and buy these.sound quality of ac30 wasn't anything to write home about but had decent cleans and gains, but this one has a horrendous clean (tried with my strat and tele, play jazz/blues mostly), and mediocre gain, you can get a lot better sound even with the free amp programs for ipod and computers (buying a 25-35 buck connector cable), though, granted those tend to have feedback problems when you use certain gain-y settings.for people worried about construction, these turned out to be very sturdy (ac30s i previously used did, but the built/materials are exactly same).even if you're determined to settle for the mediocrity of phone amps, go for cheaper models, or simply buy ac30, the latter has acceptable cleans..  overallrating 2 lineend
name Oldcabdriver review as an amateur musician, i'm always looking for ways to practice without chasing everyone out of the house with loud amplifiers and such. i thought this gadget would do the trick, but the quality of the sound and range of adjustment just didn't meet my expectations.  overallrating 2 lineend
name colton review bought this years ago. it was a nice long cable that i bought figuring it'd be durable but it didn't last. maybe it was my mistreatment of the cable but then again it should be built to gig... if i was better with wiring i'm sure it's fixable but all in all it didn't last as long as i'd hoped.  overallrating 2 lineend
name john review cable crackles when plug in jack is moved. gls brand purchased at same time works flawlessly in comparison. both have tweed jackets however the hosa cable does not uncoil easily where the gls cable does. i would recommend the gls product over the hosa product.  overallrating 2 lineend
name windowshopper review the cable hisses, crackles and pops right out of the package. save your money and buy a better cable. i will buy cables locally from now on so i can easily return them if they are defective. i would definitely not buy this product again or recommend it to anyone else.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Cefer review the vibrations produced at touching piano keys are transmitted to the microphone. it now rest at bottom of a box.  overallrating 2 lineend
name D. review as i've heard with the pyle pro amps, i received mine today, and it was defective. only one channel worked, and it definitely looked like it took a beating before it arrived at my doorstep. the packaging was very good though, so i'm thinking this looks like a refurb/used, and they listed it as new. already printed the return shipping label, and it will head back to the amazon warehouse on monday...  overallrating 1 lineend
name kodiakcowboy review this cover does not fit a full size acoustic/electric hohner guitar. i measured the whole at 3 7/8&#34;, but this cover does not even come close to fitting! it measures 4 1/6&#34; in diameter, so check your guitar closely!  overallrating 1 lineend
name Steve review doesn't reduce sound worth a darn. i thought plugging the sound hole would muffle things. muddies it up a bit maybe, but not really a reduction in db.  overallrating 1 lineend
name ANorton review these speakers worked great for 14 months. last week (4/8/13), one of them wouldn't power up all the way. the problem is getting worse every time i try to use them, and it's just a matter of time before it stops working. it seems there is a problem with the capacitors that i did read about in a few reviews. i took a chance on the monitors anyway, and it was a huge mistake. i only use them between 2 and 4 hours per week. i contacted m-audio's online support system and was given addresses to two electronics repair shops. one on the east coast and one on be west coast. i've since found many complaints about this same issue all over the internet and on the m-audio support site. m-audio doesn't stand behind their products, and i'll never purchase anything from them again.  overallrating 1 lineend
name G. review on the plus side, these monitors look and feel amazing. they are coated in some kind of silky rubberized stuff and they are heavy and look neat.they don't sound horrible. i mean, they are not computer speakers or anything. the sound is very forward, i would say harsh. that's not uncommon among studio monitors. there is definitely a lot of clarity here. not a ton of bass, but that's pretty much understood from monitors with woofers of this size. there's a few schools of thought on studio monitors. some people think they are basically for bringing out the warts in your music, others think they should sound more like a normal speaker. these will be more pleasing to people interested in the first. i definitely sounds like the music is right in your face when you are listening to this. any flaws would be quite noticeable.i previously used krk rp8's so i can compare these to them. granted, they are larger and more expensive, although they are also budget monitors. i liked them better than these. they were clear but also sounded nicer and, of course, had much more bass.i was going to put a woofer on these and burn them in...see if i could improve the situation...but one of the speakers starts to buzz about 5 minutes after it's turned on. the buzz increases in volume over time. i tried moving them to a different location, turning the volume down, even disconnecting the audio feed (so they were only plugged into the power). nothing stopped the buzz. if they are warmed up and you turn them off and then on again, the buzz starts up in more like 10 or 20 seconds. so i sent them back. i wasn't really impressed with the sound and i'm definitely not satisfied with the quality control, so i'm going to try some larger and more expensive monitors instead. maybe behringer 3031a's or something. i think it's worth an extra 200 dollars or so to get a full-sized monitor.  overallrating 2 lineend
name R. review sound nice, but very unreliable bx5a deluxe.i own a pair of yamaha ns 10s and event 20-20s, and they are all currently working without problems with over 10 years use.2 years ago i purchased a set of regular bx5a's, and they lasted about 1 1/2 years, and then the faulty capacitors leaked.i just replaced them with the bx5a deluxe model, and after only one week. one of the internal amps will no longer power up.i need a pair of affordable av shielded monitors that i can depend on, and these cheap m-audio monitors are not it.I am back to using my 20-20's with slight av noise until i find a decent av shielded monitor.m-audio was a much better company before avid took them over!  overallrating 1 lineend
name Mark review in an attempt to see what's new in the pick industry, i decided to dive in and give these a go. they are way too flimsy if, like me, you use a heavier pick. i have always used dunlop tortex greens and these davas just can't compete. not only were they too flimsy, but when i played with any aggression (heavy rock-based material), the picks would fly out of my hands. this was a huge disappointment.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Minh review good grip, but too flexible, and the description says nothing the thickness or the flexibility of these picks. probably good for strumming, but not good for lead.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Rock review this is an affordable copy of the boss harmonist pedal. i bought this mainly for the harmonist and polyphonic pitch shift feature. but was surprised by how much fun the trem bar and flutter mode was to play with.anyway on the third day the tracking on the pedal suddenly started to have about a one second delay. and on fourth day in addition to the tracking problem, hitting certain notes caused a low pitch fluttering noise. also the pedal just started oscillating a few times. i would have given the behringer us600 five stars if it kept working, it tracked nice and didn't tone suck too bad.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Jared review some things are great values, others are cheap. the behringer is cheap. the clips are cheap. the clip that holds the 9v broke after the first change. the clip that holds the pedal is also cheap plastic. if you get stuck using batteries, plan on 3-4 hours worth of use. it's also a noisy pedal. like noisier than my dyna comp and od pedals combined. like you will not record with this pedal in your chain unless you want a mountain of noise. if you leave it plugged into your cables, even when powered down, it will eat your batteries.all of those negatives aside, you are paying less than $40 for a reverb pedal that has several usable features. the 63' spring is great, the plate is also really good. it also has a worth-the-price-alone \"space\" feature. also known as shimmer (a synth playing behind your instrument). paired with a chorus effect, you can get some really cool tones.the rv600 is not without merit, but it is a bargain effect pedal and it has some fun to use features. if you gig or record and need a reverb...well...you aren't even looking at this pedal. if you play at home and have a low watt amp that doesn't have a reverb built in, this is a good option.  overallrating 2 lineend
name JerryWithaJ review had i known what i was getting i would never have ordered it. there are gig bags and there are gig bags. i've ordered and used inexpensive guitar gig bags. i expected more. this one offers almost no protection. the only reason i have not returned it yet is that the return shipping will leave little to refund, but may end up returning it anyway.it did fit my kala ka-tg with room to spare.  overallrating 2 lineend
name MQ review unhappy with it, actually i already replaced them. the method of attachment is poorly designed, it doesn't matter how tight you screw the two sections of the lock with the catch balls, the thread slips and my guitar almost fell down to the ground in a couple of occasions. expensive locks too.  overallrating 1 lineend
name cincinnatislim review i had some issues with my 18-watt all tube amp so i experimented and replaced all the tubes. issues not only continued but worsened. hum, noise, volume fade, unwanted distortion at low volumes. i eventually put back the original el84s and that didn't help. once i removed the tung-sol 12ax7 preamp tubes and replaced, the hum stopped, sound quality of the amp was consistent, quiet and back to par. my experience with the tung-sol tubes was very, very negative. they caused me to go out and buy another amp. i had no idea that brand new tubes could sound so badly that fast. i'll never buy this brand again.  overallrating 1 lineend
name RobE review don't buy this chinese piece of crap if you really need a three guitar stand. it is barely workable for two.it is easy to set up, but the way the neck brackets are arranged you are only going to get two guitars comfortably on it and even then guitars can still slip off the stand even when you tighten the little rubber thingies on top to hold the neck in place. and you absolutely have to keep that tight or your guitar will at some point turn sideways and fall to the floor/ground.the best thing these stands are built for are v type guitars such as my jackson rhoads as long as you can put them back to back. for les paul and strat type axes, their rounded lower bout curvatures make them prone to slipping on the narrow, stick like feet of the stand, especially when they are new. you can't tilt the feet up to try to lend more stability to the way the guitars hang because the feet won't support enough weight to make that possible. so this thing utterly fails in its designation as a three guitar stand. if you just gotta buy something from on stage, get the double hang because there is more separation between instruments and so it ends up being better balanced. but really, you should just pass entirely on either the triple hang or the double hang.this is definitely a case of one gets what one pays for.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Matt review this seems to have been a rare case but still, i had my ukulele on is and it snapped, i'm worried what might happen with a guitar or a bass  overallrating 2 lineend
name NW_OR_USA review i purchased this stand for my electric guitar and used it for a couple of weeks before the weak weld broke on the neck holder at the top when i placed my guitar in it. upon close inspection, the weld was very poor and barely attached the neck holder to the upright tube. the tubing is made from very thin round steel tubing that is maybe 25&#34; wall, so don't expect it to take much abuse before it snaps off- even if it is welded better than mine was. just folding the legs repeatedly back and forth will likely cause it to break or pop out one of light duty aluminum rivets on the legs- it is literally that thin of metal tubing.for $10-11 i did not expect perfection, so to it's credit- it is foam covered where it needs to be and has never scratched my guitars.this stand does have one other good quality- it is cheap! since it was less that $11, i cannot see going through the hassle of returning it. i was able to carefully weld mine back together- but this would probably not be an option for most. the stand might work fine if you don't fold it up regularly and if you leave it set up- but if you need portability and durability- i would definitely purchase a better quality stand.  overallrating 2 lineend
name LJS review this is a fantastic product that is well made. the plastic is heavy duty and comes with a plastic cover that must be removed before use. this ensures that the wheel you get is in perfect condition.the tool is extremely useful. i have just started playing with a band, and it is very common for band members to call out a song and the key that it is in. with the wheel, i immediately know what chords to choose from. i also know what notes are in each chord. in addition, it has a note by note image of the entire fretboard so that you can see where the roots are for the scale you are playing.the wheel is also invaluable for switching keys. for example, say you're playing the i, iv, and v chords in the key of c., but your lead singer is having trouble and would rather sing it in bb. all you need to do is dial the wheel to bb, find out the new i, iv, and v chords, and start playing. the wheel makes chord transposition a breeze.i feel that the negative reviews you are seeing are unfair. this is a very useful product at a fair price.no, i am not affiliated with the company at all. i'm just a band member newbie who appreciates this tool.in my opinion, this is a five star product.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Amazon review when set on blink, they blink way too fast. when not set on blink, all 4 lights come on and focused into just 1 spot that the combined color come out white. useless design.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Brian review i purchased 4 of these, of the four 1 was no good on arrival another failed after 2 short time uses. i will not buy more. the first one was returned after some resistance from the seller the second one had passed the warranty time before it had failed. suggest thoroughly testing these upon arrival if you purchase these. for the $$$ should be more dependable.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Mr review this capo isn't quite wide enough for my regular steel string acoustic guitar. if i position it just so it will work as long as i don't bump it or a string will pop out of one side.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Robert review just use a cloth or paper towel.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Mark review my issue with the pedaltrain 2 is the accommodation of a power supply. i have a voodoo lab pedal power 2 plus.the documentation that comes with this pedalboard specifically states that this power supply mounts under the board, and it even includes mounting brackets that fit this power supply. however, if you actually try to mount it to the underside of the board as suggested, you're in for an unpleasant surprise.first of all, regarding the two circular holes on the front of the board. the fitment to the power supply is there... sort of. there's no way to align them perfectly because the holes on the pedaltrain 2 are slightly too close together. i wasn't worried about this, since i doubt i'll ever chain them and only have access to 1 outlet.the second issue is, the allegedly self-tapping screws that come with the mounting kit strip as though they were made of butter. once you've got them in (or attempted to do so), they're never coming out. you'll probably have to break them. it's a shame to have cut corners on something so inexpensive.the main issue i have with this board relating to my voodoo lab power supply is this. once you get the power supply mounted properly on the underside of the board (it can only go one place), you begin to plug in your pedals and you discover that the cables supplied with the power supply don't fit the mounting location on this board. you can't plug them in because there's not enough clearance between the frame of the pedalboard and the sockets the cables plug in to.i really only bought this pedalboard because of the supposed perfect compatibility with the voodoo lab power supply i own, but given that it doesn't fit like it's supposed to, i wish i could return this board - except i can't, because it now has holes drilled in it. (you have to drill the board to mount the power supply underneath it.)basically, i paid $100 for a plain flat sheet metal metal rectangle and a couple rolls of velcro. needless to say, i'm not very pleased.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Bret review from the product description, i expected something far more robust than this unit. by and large, i've had great experiences with behringer pedals, but this reverb unit is the wimpiest i have ever used in 40 years of playing - no stronger than the reverb in a 5w first act amplifier.  overallrating 2 lineend
name James review i bought one of these for a vintage fender showman that doesn't have built in reverb. put a battery in and plugged it in. very simple. but the sound was horrible! no setting delivered an effect that sounded anything like any kind of reverb i ever heard or would want to hear. the closest i could get was a cheesy delay or echo effect that sounded awful. on the other hand, the reverb from my korg ax-100g (that i was using on another rig) was great. maybe my dr600 was not functioning properly, but i don't think so. i think that's the way it really sounds. so i got a return authorization from amazon (very easy - never fails), put it back in the box and ups picked it up the next day and i got a full refund.jm tepper  overallrating 1 lineend
name S. review this \"would\" be a great digital reverb but for the fact that the more you turn the level up on the reverb intensity, it simultaneously fades the initial attach of the strum, pluck or riff rendering the reverb relatively worthless if you 'want a lot of reverb\". what the hell was behringer thinking???  overallrating 2 lineend
name W. review the plastic knob that you use to tighten the ball and socket doesn't grip very well and even the lightest camera will slip and sag. it's a great idea but not well executed.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Papa review the plastic piece that screws the wire into the end was made of very thin plastic, and cracked in two within a week of light use. i guess i can redo it with electrical tape to make it work, but i have many whirlwind cables that have lasted me 15+ years. i expected more from this manufacturer, but i guess the quality is not the same as it used to be.  overallrating 2 lineend
name S. review often, we get what we pay for. after researching various pieces of sound equipment for weeks and weeks, i chose solid items for reasonable prices.i should've known better to skimp on what is a critical piece of the puzzle - the quality of the cable. this item simply didn't ever work - it arrived with a bent pen on one end, and even when we attempted to straighten it, it didn't connect well onto the mixer board. the microphone end was a very shaky connection with the most intermittent power conveyed to the mic.don't buy this item - spend the relatively small extra amount and get a more reliable brand.  overallrating 1 lineend
name barleypopmaker review is strictly on the aspect of a bass guitar, not regular guitar.  overallrating 2 lineend
name C3p-BRO review if you're a metalhead, stay away!! i tried this on multiple metal pedals and the peavey rogue g10 blows it out of the water. this thing sounds like crap with anything distortion. it's great for jazzy blues and an ultra clean tone though or that classic fender crunch. but if you demand metal, get far away!  overallrating 1 lineend
name Black review great price but unfortunately this product didn't work for me. fortunately i had no problem returning it for a full refund so overall i'm happy with the results.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Brian review this works in some applications, but doesn't work in many others. even when detected by the software, it will not work with line 6 equipment. too bad, because it would have been convenient to program my effects with my laptop instead of my desktop.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Christopher review i tried with with my macbook pro with both mountain lion and mavericks. also with my win7 x64 machine. i tried it with a variety of midi capable gear including trying to update firmware on fx hardware, sending and receiving midi pc and midi cc, as well as transmitting midi clock in and out. i simply couldn't get this to work most of the time. active sense used on most roland products seems to kill it completely.in contrast i purchased the -mu's xmidi 1x1 tab and it works flawlessly and without issue every time i use it.i should have totally returned this product. instead it's in a landfill.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Marc review doesn't wotk with v-amp 3. doubt it works at all. red light always stays on and i've never seen the green light.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Peter review i don't know how this will work with other midi instruments but i tried it with the roland td9 drums and although it does transmit the data, the drum map is totally off. the respective triggers (hihat, hihat pedal, etc) are translated into all sorts of wrong information and while you can manually compensate for some of it on the pc end of it, it was just a freaking hassle. i needed this to be more flexible and able to record directly to my notebook (which doesn't have a midi input) but i gave up in the end and went with my desktop pc and its midi interface.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Steinbeckian review my advice- spend more and get something that will work with all applications. cheap midi may get you there, but if not you have to buy another. yep, always the gamble.  overallrating 2 lineend
name CaptainButts review i may have misunderstood the product description but i prefer the string tied to the end of my acoustic over this. my issue is that it makes my guitar really high up when i play in a standing position and there is no way to adjust the strap the make it longer. if you play sitting down a lot then this would probably work for you. don't get me wrong, there was nothing wrong with the product itself; it just wasn't what i thought.  overallrating 2 lineend
name C. review purchased it to use on a 00-28 slotted headstock martin and it just didn't fit well for me. also found it extremely difficult to attach and remove. a string style worked a lot better, was a lot easier to attach and remove, and provided a lot more options for where it good be placed.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Aaron review they have no grip at all they brake and ware out in a hour or so of hard playing there just junk for newbie that don`t know any beter but hey what do you expect they are made by d addario get some real picks like dunlop tortex  overallrating 1 lineend
name James review i like the jim dunlop .60mm pitch black guitar picks best. if you want your electric guitar to sound like eddie van halen, joe satriani and other guitarists studio album guitar sound, then get a boss gt-10 (guitar multi effects processor) and install boss gt-10 patches by james limborg. search google for boss gt-10 patches by james limborg.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Kyle review i have a real problem with these patch cables. i got them as a christmas gift but they don't stay in my pedals' input jacks without causing problems and having to push them in on occasion. most problematic is the connection between my ehx memory boy and digital memory man... never had problems with any other cables here, but these refuse to stay put without having to constantly adjust.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Marc review i thought it was my jack for a while, then i noticed it wouldn't stay in any pedal. there is no \"click\" assuring that the cable is in place... and there's a reason for that, it isn't! slips right out of every pedal i have. not reliable.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Mr review these cables are excellent quality cables, however, if you are trying to patch your pedals together in a closely spaced setup, these cables are rather bulky and stiff.the large size of the right angle connectors requires you to space your pedals out more than you might prefer, especially compared to some of the other pedal patch cables that are available from companies such as hosa.  overallrating 2 lineend
name synthezatory review bought it after read reviews. i had signal loss using these cables.. it's like having a loose connection inside the cable. my connections were on and off, i thought i had a dead pedal.. i have to wiggle and hold to get signal. it's too flexible almost like twizzlers (no kidding!). if you want a cheap and reliable pedal cables, go get the one from pro co, i bought it very cheap from sweetwater on ebay, surprisingly very good quality and looks durable!  overallrating 1 lineend
name David review i purchased the h4n after being unhappy with the h2's performance most significant where i couldn't record a good sounding signal that wasn't distorted with the line in jack. only to find that the h4n has the same problem but not as bad. if i try to record a line level signal from a sound board or stereo receiver and connect to the h4n's 1/4 inch jacks, it is almost impossible to not to have a distorted signal. it appears that on both models the line in preamp is too sensitive and clips very easily and because it is clipping in the preamp, adjusting the gain doesn't correct it. i contacted zoom's tech support about the h2 and was told that i likely had a defective unit. i returned the h2 and decided to give zoom another chance and try the h4n after seeing many positive reviews.i really like the h4n's design, the menus and controls are nicely organized. it feels more sturdy than the h2. the recording quality using the built in mics is excellent. most other recorders in this price range don't have xlr inputs. since i plan to use it mostly for recording concerts by connecting to a line out or tape out on a sound board, if the line in jacks don't work properly and can't accept a normal line level signal without clipping, i can't use this for what i bought it for. i have used my sony minidisc recorder for the same type of application for the past 8 years and have never had any problems. i've worked with pro sound equipment for over 25 years and have used many types of recorders and so far the zoom products are the only ones where i have encountered this problem. if you are using this to record with mics, it works great, but if you need to record from line level sources, the zoom recorders may not be a good choice. i exchanged this for the tascam dr-07 and while the tascam doesn't have as many bells and whistles, it is a nice recorder and i'm very happy with it.  overallrating 2 lineend
name James review the boss me-70 is not as nice as the boss gt-10 and will not let you install boss gt-10 patches by james limborg. i recommend getting a boss gt-10 and then install boss gt-10 patches by james limborg. now your guitar can sound like eddie van halen, joe satriani and other guitarists studio album guitar sound with boss gt-10 patches by james limborg. search google for boss gt-10 patches by james limborg.  overallrating 1 lineend
name jsnchmpn review i really wanted this to be a great product. the screws strip out too easily. basically, if you put a microphone in it, and ever have to use it for a microphone, it is going to strip out. i had two of them and was hoping that the first one was a lemon. nope. even the pop filter fell off. i love the design, but they need to make them strong enough to handle the weight of a microphone and strong enough to handle regular studio usage... ex: adjusting the position of the mic, picking up a mic stand and moving it, etc. otherwise, don't have an adjustable tilt option. just make it one solid piece. i'm tempted to try to fix it with gorilla glue because i do love the design. it's just not strong enough. not that it's a surprise though. not much of anything is worth the money these days. it's a damn chore to return every friggin' purchase these days that they don't really have to care about actually testing products. why should they? they already have your money. i feel like i should get paid for testing their products and the time spent un-boxing and packing things back up. besides, what are they going to do? replace it with another broke a$$ product? better yet, refund my money for the product i paid - minus shipping???? that doesn't include the time i spent trying to prevent you from buying one and testing their damn product in the first place. i want a refund, plus an hourly wage. whatever, don't buy one. companies that don't test their products don't deserve your business. what would make me happy, is for one of these companies that make these products to answer the question(s): did you test this product? how did you test it? what were your results? is it ready to be sold to the public with confidence?nope  overallrating 2 lineend
name Ian review as soon as i attached my mic, and with my strong hands, i over twisted the mic holder on the threads, and the thread piece came loose on the stand. i think i can fix it with some liquid metal, but this is not as impressive as some mic stands i've had in the past. sincerely, docafter a few months of trying to make it work. it doesn't. i changed my rating from 3 to 1 this puppy is just poor quality.  overallrating 1 lineend
name P. review i have three mic stands, with this one being the fourth. i still have three mic stands because this one was absolutely horrible.1. the top mount would rarely stay fixed and kept dipping down.2. the bottom clamp never did secure properly. it kept opening up even without a mic on it. the weight of the stand itself stripped it.i sent it back without hesitation.  overallrating 1 lineend
name G.R.K. review so the problem with most reviews is that people generally review things as soon as they get them when they are still in the honeymoon phase about it. i've used this in my jam lab for 4 years and use it every time i play electric (about 5-7 hours a week.)the unit itself has held up well. no problems with case or pedals. all switches, knobs, plugs, & display work fine. it doesn't have a on/off switch but that's minor. it's low profile and is easy to switch by foot. i have it going into my mixer which works fine. no feedback or buzz from it.i like the recording software, cubase, that came with it. i didn't think i'd use it much but i do. it's fun and easy to record my own songs. cubase is a little quirky and will often tell me that there is an error and it needs to close, but i've learned nothing happens and it's fine.i don't use the looper much as i have it before my digitech jam man. which, if you don't have, you need it! the drum presets are fun to use. it's a blast to set a drum track, loop a rhythm, then jam on top of it. isn't that what it's all about?my two gripes are the tuner and clean presets. the tuner is not very accurate and i use a cheapo tuner that works much better. also the tuner is supposed to be silent but it isn't. some flaw i guess. also the clean presets; like acoustic and clean bright sound cheap and weak. i don't like them at all. the distortion presets are awesome from some tube overdrive to massive fuzztone. they rock. i use alot of the other ones as well.imho this the review ...i still like it...alot!! "unixreviewtime": 1363392000, "reviewtime": "03 16, 2013"} name ron1414 review i gave it two stars because the expression pedal stopped working after the second day , and visually it's hard to read because the lettering is so small. also there are many function for one knob to have, a little confusion for me. the sounds are great and the recording aspect of it is nice, but not something that is best for my needs.i am looking into a boss me-25 instead,  overallrating 2 lineend
name Bryan review i used to buy a lot of wire form these guys.... however, you need to be careful and test everything you get from them on an xlr cable tester.i didn't believe it myself...i read another reviewer had an issue with xlr cables being wired incorrectly from pin to pin. so i took my handy cable tester and went through about a dozen cables.i got through only 4 monoprice cables before i found one that was miss-wired. now i will be checking all of them for sure.not a good start though.glad the other reviewer made that discovery and passed it on.i suggest everyone check their monorpice cables. the testers are very cheap and may show problems you weren't aware of.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Paul review the coversion cable didnt work. t is axlr to ubs cable. i have the red blinking light syndrome also. but i learned awhile back dont try to fix something you paid for send it back. so izm thanks hde for wasting my time. go sell your snake oil to someone else.........  overallrating 1 lineend
name docpain review i only bought with the idea that a \"full\" version of behringer's sequence program came with it....needless to says its a \"compact version\" and for you other imac/os x users out there????----aint worth yer timeyer better off spending your money on vst's au's that will work with osx and cubase or garageband....other than that its another interface \"i guess\" as long as you want to use rca plugs to do that with...who the !$%^ uses rca to interface there analog instruments to their puter????based on the software hustle im sorta sour but if yer a pc/windows owner i would get it!!!!its about the cheapest way to \"intro\" yer way in to daw/dat interface..... mainly im talkning to katz who ownnewer macs/imacs who are truying to muddle your way thru music digital interface and keyboard sequencingfor those users yer better off buying a pizza probably...  overallrating 2 lineend
name Rich review i have a 1953 telecaster body and after installing the screw to the pickup they were to long for the body . i had to trim them down  overallrating 2 lineend
name Sam review these types of pedals are toys. they are a cheap way for a beginner to have effects to play with. by all means if you are buying it for your kid who just started playing. if not, i recommend slowly building your pedal collection and use the money to get 1 decent pedal whether it is a delay, or distortion.  overallrating 1 lineend
name S. review i had a friend with one of these and he loves it. i got one on his recommendation and when i put the batteries in it, it started smoking. it did work for awhile. i pulled the batteries out and tried to ac adapter and it smoked again, this time it did not work. i am one of those people who gives an item one try and if it does not work, holds a grudge. i would not advise anybody to get this.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Texman review this particular brand i've seen around and haven't heard to much about them, but the one that i got worked fine for about a couple days. it went out and i sent it in hoping to rule out the possibility that i might have gotten a bad one.and i requested in a letter when i sent it in that they send another one in exchange, that didn't work out so well, with that being the only way i could rate it and never receiving a replacement to verify that i just got a bad one, i'd have to rate this one at the bottom...  overallrating 2 lineend
name bayou review should have paid a little more and i guess im spoiled with 2nd day...these have been ordered for a couple of weeks...you seem to wait forever to save a few bucks...i odered for some buddies and hear about it every day...hope they work when they do finally arrive..good luck  overallrating 2 lineend
name Andrew review sounds disgusting. very bright and clear highs, nothing beautiful in mids and totally muddy lows. don't hope to take chords on it. only on first 4 strings may be...try out fender's mini amp if you're searching for a little thing, or but a bigger one.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Big review ok, i'm surprised that this unit is now over $15 0. i only spent $8.59 for this and i'm mad at myself. it was cheap enough that i rolled the dice to see if i could get away with a decent product for cheap. it feels solid, looks like a real direct box...but sounds like ass. i couldn't believe that pyle would put that much effort into a great \"fit and finish\" product, yet not put decent components inside. this is the noisiest piece of crap i've ever used - i ended up buying another direct box (spent over $60 0). pyle has once again lived up to it's name, but they should finish the name properly and re-brand as \"pyle of s .\"sorry folks, but i'd skip this one. the 5-star ratings must be from employees. the only reason i didnt' give it one star was because it was so cheap (remember, i only spent $8.59), and i'm the one that pulled the trigger on the purchase.live and learn. why would i think plugging a $2000 0 guitar into a cheap piece of crap was a good idea? my fault.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Marc review a loud hum will crescendo in every few minutes even if the ground is lifted. works great in intervals though, too bad those intervals are minutes.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Papa review it stopped working after 2 gigs. i'm not sure why, but it is very frustrating. i guess you get what you pay for here.  overallrating 1 lineend
name HLB review our family of 2 guitarists and 1 bassist switched to these style locks about a year ago. every one of us has had continual problems with the locks periodically unscrewing themselves from the guitar body. i had one back out during a gig and damage a brand new 60th anniversary american p-bass...not good. my son had one come out on him in the middle of a gig last weekend.the problem with the design is there's a ton of friction between the top and bottom pieces of the lock which results in the tab that's screwed into the body unscrewing itself. we've tried applying bar soap, petro jelly, and a spray can based dry lubricant.... none of which prevented the ultimate forces that cause this phenomenon.we are switching to the dunlop style locks as that design incorporates ball bearings which allows the strap to rotate freely back and forth with next to zero 'unscrewing' force.we tried to make the fender/shallers work but just could not. maybe we're all too active on stage but we cannot tolerate the equipment damage nor the performance distruptions these have caused us.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Adam review well 3 hours to put together got tiring and annoying as things tend to fall a part..however as a standalone items it is great with good sounds and groove tracks to practice drumming on..however i am not a drummer nor have any interest in becoming one..i bought this in order to use with software recording for basic beats to fit my own songs..and it is a nightmaregoing on a week now no support help from either company..heed my warning if you want to use this with ni, ez drummer or other programs like that you must know how to reroute mapping of midi in order to use it. this is not a plug and play item you will spend hours of your time trying to get this to work with software...there is very little helpful info out on the net i've owned this for over a week and still never used it for its purpose yet being that its a stand alone item..there really is no MIDI support..im am close to giving up the fight and sending it back.alesis could have made this an amazing item and 1000 times easier if they simply created a midi out port on the module you could run into your daw and software..  overallrating 2 lineend
name Captn' review it does not stick on to the guitar very well. trying some of the other reviews as to ways to get it to stick worked but i now have a small circle in the finish of my martin. i made mistake of attaching so wife could play rocksmith and now wish i had used cheaper guitar or better yet, bought a better pickup.  overallrating 2 lineend
name L. review the suction cup does not work. it looks like aged. it's very hard with room temp 70f. i removed the rubber suction cup and i have to use a big paper clipper to secure it on the sound hole edge. it picks up sound ok, but not great.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Josiah review i bought this as a cheap way to amplify my acoustic. learned my lesson. should of just forked over the money for an a/e. i have a yamaha f335 i really like. i say someone take a piezo transducer to amplify his guitar so i thought i'd try it. i first picked up a transducer for about $3 and experimented. i like it, sounded good then i saw this from axl and i thought i'd try it. installing it wasn't bad except i bought a set of drill bits i didn't need for $10. so i got it installed and plugged it in and from the start the sound was alright. i just wanted it for playing around at home so i didn't need real great sound quality. but sound was ok except it picks up every bang and knock especially my planet waves i think quick connect strap connector. my other complaint is i couldn't turn it up too loud without the feedback screeching. overall product quality is good. setup was ok. price was good. sound in my opinion needs some tweaking.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Micheal review the fact that it is passive really kills it. i just could not get any sound out of it, i tried multiple placements. i finally just bought a guitar with a pickup in it. not worth the money, or the extra hole in your guitar.  overallrating 2 lineend
name timhief review this is a hit-or-miss product. for me it fell short but for others it seems to work very well. it's not a total loss since i can reuse the endpin jack with the soundhole solution i ended up with. it was cheap enough that it was worth taking a chance on.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Drew review i've been using primarily alchemy strings for years but just got tired of spending so much for them. i figured i'd try some others at half the price and see if any stack up.these were the first to go on, and they were a huge step down from what i had on. the strings i took off were probably two months old an had spots of corrosion on the high E string. they were twice as loud as these. when you take these out of the pack, they sort of flop out like wet spaghetti. they don't do the fast unravel thing that strings typically do. the cons definitely outweigh the pros here.pros:-very flexible, string bends are easy-easy on the fingerscons:-the most dull sound of any strings i've ever heard. especially on the low end. they're dreadfully lacking in rich low end sound. the highs are very tinny. almost sounds like a bad recording.-your fingers stick when you try to slide down the strings. it's the weirdest thing. this is especially true for the g string. it's hard to explain, but it's kind of like rubbing against something really clean, where your hand does that skipping sort of rub and there's tons of squeak to boot. anyways, it sucks. grip is the last thing you want on your strings.bottom line: unless you have some wicked arthritis and just have to have super easy to bend strings, these should not be purchased. i'll never buy again. this is the first time in my life i wanted to change brand new strings.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Humbrecht review if you've never had a pedalboard before i'd say pass on this one and look for one that is more user-friendly. the pics and description don't show just how insanely large this is. it's too big. patch cables are crap and the power supply didn't seem sturdy enough to be kicked around.besides this, i had trouble using it (even for practice) because the lip of the case gets in the way of my foot hitting the pedals.i ended up giving this one away to a friend and getting a gator 'bone' and a seperate power supply. easier to practice with and easier to toss into another case with mics/cables rather than being a whole suitcase on it's own.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Karl review i bought this amp back when i didnt know much about amps. if you want the metal sound for practice, then it is hard to get a better amp for one bill. but with the hybrid amps (vibro champ) going for not much more, you get better sounds and more settings. i am selling mine and ordered a super champ xd used in new condition for two and a half bills. this line 6 amp has a flat sterile sound that isnt very warm sounding. from now on its tube amps for me, even if i have to pay the price. a good tube amp should last a long time and hold its value well, too. like i said, for a first amp at one bill, the line 6 isnt too bad. maybe some day i will be able to afford a princeton reverb?  overallrating 2 lineend
name Ian review before i purchased the fbv i scoured the web to see how it works with the pod hd desktop, and even the advanced users guide leaves you thinking..anyway, i lucked out and found a used one going cheap, and after some time figured out exactly what you can and cannot do with the pod hd desktop & fbv express ii combo.1. first, in the setup screen do not enable the fbv express. yes, i know this sounds dumb, but internet scouring shows there is a bug that this is a workaround for...2. read the fbv express users guide and calibrate the pedal.. there is no need to d/l the fbv software for this.now.. in the pod setup screens you have the option to either have the abcd buttons as abcd, or to be fs5-fs8. this behavior is mimicked by the 4 switches on the fbv.so.. in abcd mode you can:a) select preset a, b, c or d from the group you are currently in.b) insert a volume fx and use volume pedal...exp2c) insert another fx enabled by toe switch, and controlled by pedal as exp1d) tap temp (by tapping the currently selected preset..ie the pedal that is lit)e) enable the tuner (press/hold the current selected preset pedal)f) you have some basic control of the looper, but cannot enable it.3/10/14 edit :looper control is flawed. you can record and go to overdub, but you cannot record then play/stop the loop.. you can stop from overdub but not start the loop. seemingly an acknowledged and unfixed bugnice enough, but if you are like me, switching presets is way way less useful than switching fx blocks on & off. incidentally you can combine blocks such that one pedal (say) turns od on, and delay & chorus both off, or turn one amp on and one off (channel switching).. yay!! you cry, that sounds like me so its a no to abcd and mode fs5-fs8 it is for me!..so yup in fs5-8 mode you can do that, you cana) enable/disable 4 sets of block(s) using the four pedalsb) use volume and expression options as above (ie like volume or wah, overdrive level, delay fb etc)c) basic control of looper but cannot enable itedit 3/19/14 looper control flawed as stated abovec) enable the tuner?...oh sod it. nope you can'td) tap tempo?.. nope not that either.so in summary, the express is better than nothing, but certainly does not provide hands free operation of the desktop.. the shortboard is worth the extra, or if you are reading this before buying the pod.. get the hd500x instead.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Greg review not so pleased with this, the seller is fine, no prob. there, its that this mic for my use is useless, it records tooo low, cant get enough volume from it  overallrating 2 lineend
name pops review bought for my son to do game capture voice overs. the first day it was fine, if a bit sensitive, by the third day it was broken. cheap to buy, but cheaply made.  overallrating 2 lineend
name J. review unless you tune to only standard tunings this thing is garbage! i tune my hellraiser to d then drop to c and it will not register. the needle either flops around constantly or just does not display the proper notes.  overallrating 1 lineend
name James review i was looking for a portable fold-up stand that i could take to gigs and searched around. found the guardian at amazon and thought for $10, how could i go wrong? oops! wrong. the stand is sturdy and folds up nicely, but i found it next to impossible to get my fender jazz bass to stand up in it. the lack of an extended support for the neck means you have to try to balance the guitar very precisely against the apex of the stand and pray that no one gets near it or that the wind doesn't blow. this is ok for a lightweight acoustic that you don't care too much about, but for for an electric guitar or bass, no way.I just ordered a different one with a tripod base and a neck support. live and learn.  overallrating 1 lineend
name K. review i have an epiphone les paul and this stand does not hold it at all. the holders are too far apart to keep the guitar from sliding through onto the floor. maybe it's a decent stand for an acoustic or a fatter electric. but given that les paul is a pretty popular model of guitar, this should not be sold as an electric guitar stand. i'm rating it for what it is sold as, and for that, it gets 1 star, and only because since there is no zero.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Robert review the technology is fine but the attachment to the instrument isn't very friendly. snark rotates to any position i want, but intellitouch ends up being upside down. it works fine but it's inconvenient.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Amazon review this product has almost zero documentation in the box or on the akai pro website. technical support is also almost zero. akai seems to not care about getting new users up to speed on their products. customer service is basically \"if you have to ask, you should not buy this\". i asked the akai technical department which sequencer software i needed and they told me to go to a music store! this may sound stupid but unless you have a lot of midi knowledge and experience don't buy this product. try finding a midi tutorial that is usable. good luck with that chore.added 08nov2010: the keyboard arrived with one of the bottom rubber footpads missing. i sent an email to akai asking for a replacement but they do not have any parts. i find that unbelievable.  overallrating 1 lineend
name A. review bought this rosin to see how i would like it. i have a very light hand on the bow, so i like a rosin that is on the aggressive side. this is not. since all fiddlers have their own styles you have to deal with trial & error.  overallrating 2 lineend
name happypup review this does work as described. it arrives without any instructions whatsoever but its fairly obvious to figure out. the reason i only gave it two stars however is because i find it so uncomfortable! its quite hard on your collarbone. i have added foam to it and now it works well, but i suspect one might be better just buying a foam one in the first place.  overallrating 2 lineend
name guitarman6730 review this pedal is ok at best there are a lot better metal pedals out there the only thing this one really has going for it is it has a built in noise gate other wise this pedal is pretty thin sounding and has far to much gain then you will ever need. i would personally recommend the electro-harmonix metal muff over this any day it is a better sounding pedal for about the same price.  overallrating 2 lineend
name JOHN review it is entry level but only records one channel even though it is misleading with multiple inputs and outputs. it works as a beginner tool but only that. mono only.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Vince review this was my first foray into home recording and it comes with audacityfor free. free is free, and you get what you pay for in terms of something that will not produce high qualty musical reproduction . the interface is noisy, and it requred a lot of tweaking after the fact to get a reasonable sound without distorion and humms etc. sent it back after one day.  overallrating 2 lineend
name John review im starting a podcast. i blindly lept to buy the blue yeti. i can understand why one person with a youtube channel would love this. great for voice overs. in sound proof studios. the sound quality was good but it picked up way to much room noise. the ability to select the 4 recording modes is great. if youll use it. i would not reccomend recording 2 people at once on this. however recording a choir or something would work. but i will never do that and neither will you. this microphone only has a usb port. not XLR. so no hope of expanding. if you ever want to host a podcast with 2 people you need to throw this away and get a mixer and 2 new microphones.or you can do what i did and get 2 audio technica atr 2100's, 1 behringer xenyx 802 dual mic input mixer, 2 shock mount/broadcast boom combos and 2 windscreens for the same price as a yeti, raidus shock mount, the pop pop filter and a generic mic stand.now i can replace my mixer and keep my 2 mics, or replace the mics then the mixer and do all sorts of expansions and add ons as well as get quality audio for 2 hosts on my podcast.do not get this yeti unless your doing youtube voiceovers by yourself forever  overallrating 2 lineend
name Bacon review i normally tune to drop f on my 8 string, but even in standard, i just cant stand the strobe, and theres no other mode. i ordered a pitch black for $70. im still waiting on the return for this.  overallrating 2 lineend
name JdoubleH review the box contained a bag with just the bottom half of the stand. the top section with the mic thread attachment was missing. sent it back and did not reorder.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Debs review i ordered these stands hoping that they would be better than the price indicated. however, the bag was ripped in 3 places. the stands were both scratched badly with lots of paint missing. the most annoying thing was that they did not match each other. the locking mechanism was different on each stand and they were different heights. the holes in the inner poles were drilled in different places so in order to use the support pins and have the speakers at the same height, you had to adjust the legs to accommodate the difference in height. they looked like they might be relatively solid but i returned them anyway...bit disappointing.  overallrating 2 lineend
name overbybr review both of the stands had parts that had fallen out, or were missing all together. when the pamphlet that comes with them states that they are fully assembled and guaranteed to be free of defects, this is a major concern. it may be that i got a bad box that got missed by quality control, but it does make me suspicious of pyle products.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Roger review the material used is fine. the looks are fine. the length is horrible. this is too short for most adults that play guitar. it felt like i was holding my guitar around my neck instead of off my shoulders. i attached it by the longest way possible and it was well short of what i could use. to me this was a worthless purchase. i just tucked it into a drawer and it will sit there and not be used again.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Kyle review i got a few of these as a christmas gift and they're just bad. i put them on my pedalboard where i previously had longer cables and these just didn't stay in the jack. i have no other problems with these jacks with any other cable but these. if i play loudly and my room vibrates a bit, the cable even works its way out of the jack a little bit and cuts my signal. awful.  overallrating 1 lineend
name lfeez review so heres the thing that no one else wants to say. the thing is built like a piece of s . it jingles and rattles and parts are always moving around. i used this 3 times and it shorted out. the lights started flashing and it got hot. i called line 6 and they determined it was bad so they opened a \"ticket\". fyi if you want to deal with the worst customer service in the industry just call line 6. not only do they not know what they were talking about but in the backgrounc i could hear them lauging and joking like there was a big party going on. i wish i would have never bought this but hopefully i get a new one soon. well see how helpful they really are.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Michael review i have always loved line 6. this product sounded great for about an hour then total gave up. it went dead. i changed channels and it worked for like a minute then went dead. i am sorry to say that i returned it. my akg wireless guitar bug has lasted years with no drop outs.i am really disappointed.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Raul review i was very excited to try this pedal when it finally arrived. just to find out it wasn't WORKING!!! it is defective, and because i brought it to mexico, now i can't get a refund or a replacement.i will try to fix it through some local electrician or something. very dissapointing!  overallrating 1 lineend
name MQ review one of the ball bearings designed to catch and lock the side mounted to the strap dislodged, and my very expensive fender custom shop telecaster fell flat on the ground.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Anthony review sounded good. warmer sounding than stock tubes in my ac15. i rocked all night and loved the sound. next day i turned it on, my amp was crackling out and wiping out the signal i checked the tubes and one of them was making violent purple flashes before the signal burnt out. i then noticed that one of my fuses blew out as well. i changed out the fuse and checked again and the tube was still doing the same thing so i just swapped the tubes back for atock. id like to see a real set of jjs, im sure one of them was a dud.  overallrating 1 lineend
name James review i bought these just to add a layer of sound in my blues tunes i record, the notes don't bend easily...if you think your will cheat the big boys harps, youll be dissapointed quickly...these are little more than toys compared to $40 dollar harps, they feel cheap but have a decent sound ...i dont know if they will last, but to make harp noises without decent bends ... ill use these sparingly...jim  overallrating 2 lineend
name NickT review i play harp with some some that i perform. i found that all of these harmonica's the note's are off and it's hard to play, i have g blues harp that i compared the g harp to and the notes were a little off. the c harp was terrible. that said the only thing i like about this order is the case. i going to see if i can return them for store credit.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Bubb review too thick, no flexibility. sounds really harsh and like it is ruining my ukulele strings. tried on bass too, again with less than satisactory results.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Electrosandwich review the picks work well with bass, but they are just too thick to use with ukulele. the pics also shed easily, making your instrument dusty in no time.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Bubb review i guess the tension on these is more than my uke was used to and when i put them on the neck became severely bowed after a day or two. sounded lovely for the first hour, that's why two stars. granted my uke is one of the cheaper lanikais, if you have a better built uke it might be able to take these but i simply can't recommend personally.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Wynn review for any usable tones while playing live, the best bet is to plug it into a tube power amp. direct to mixer or running it through a solid state amp is very uninspiring.I didn't like the recorded tones either, much rather preferred amplitube 3 if micing a real tube amp wasn't an option.that being said, it is good for practice and song writing. used this for more than a year and finally sold it! that's the other thing with items like this, they lose value real quick once the next version comes out.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Coolkayaker review s on amazon). i own other herc stuff, and it's all ideal, and for a few bucks more, i could have had that lifelong-use stand instead of this one. oh, well, for once, i got cheap. and got burned for it.all in all, not great, this tiny stand. one stand fits not all. perhaps a violin or something would be better on this stand, but i think the general shape of it is less than ideal for most instruments. you may think you can bend the lower forks, but it's hard to do, will require a vice, and if you see on the amazon pictures, the lower fork just sits in two plastic grooves, so if you splay it out like it should be, you'll change the way it fits in the grooves, and thus it won;t work at all. it's just an imperfect design. my take on it, your mileage may vary. bye bye.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Cooper review at the time i bought, was $16. mine arrived broken, so it had gone back. reality is that it is not that good regardless of mine being broken. not upset about that - stuff happens. it is just not a good stand. light construcion, unstable (topples easily) and a likely candidate to be broken if dropped. the 'protective' materails on the stand to keep product from scratching your instrument are the soft, shiny runner like materail and it 'sticks' to my instrument's neck. so i pick up uke and i get a stand until the stickiness is seprated by gravity. happened every time. yes, i tried out the stand even though broken, and it proved to be a bad choice. back it has gone. 5 stars to amazon's return policy, thouh!  overallrating 1 lineend
name Hayden review let me first start off with the sizing. when they say \"fits soundholes from 33.75\" - 35\"\ they really mean it.you are going to have a hard time trying to fit it even if it is 1/16\" smaller than the specifications.i know i did. my friend's oscar schmidt 3/4 sized guitar was just that much smaller and it did not fit well. the edges did not \"catch\" completely and it looks terrible.my classical guitar had a similarly sized soundhole but because of the much wider fretboard at the edge of the soundhole, it did not fit at all. you could try cutting the edges off the oport at the fretboard.the main issue is the sound.yes, it does make the sound fuller when you are strumming, slightly but enough to tell.however, it does so at the expense of the sustain and harmonic overtunes.fingerpicking just does not sound as nice as before, even though the guitar is noticeably better on the bass notes.for me, that does not justify it.a simple bone saddle does way better than this and it cost less.another thing i found out was what was amazon does to stuff others return - they resell as brand new if it looks brand new.the packaging on mine came slightly torn and looked as if it had been opened. does it matter? in practical terms, no, not for this sort of item.i guess that is how amazon keeps their prices low yet with good customer service and return policies.  overallrating 2 lineend
name TerranautX review perhaps it may do something of worth for you but if you have one of the finer made guitars this will probably do more to subtract than add to the sound. be advised that i did not use it in front of a microphone where perhaps the shape of this internal plastic cone might do something you like in directing the sound to a mike. as strictly an issue of natural acoustics, i found it deflected sound in a way that seemed to decrease my guitar's output and resonance. i have an aria ad-80 which is a very well-made chinese attempt at cloning a martin d-42. it can not compete with the real Martin but for the money i paid it was a great buy and it is known as a \"sound canon\" for it's great natural volume. adding the o-port deadened the lows. it just didn't provide any plus at all anywhere else. it is however pretty inexpensive so if you're a nut for nuance and you want to try it for yourself it's not going to break your bank. but again, if you have one of the better makes of guitar where a real person \"voiced it\" in his or her manufacturing process, this plastic gizmo will likely subtract from that and not add anything. i'm an acoustic nut and i'd love to have a sound port in the side of my guitar to hear everything that goes on inside that box. the o-port seemed to \"corral\" the sound and shoot it out that plastic horn not allowing me to hear some of the resonance of the sound bouncing back off the back and sides below the sound hole. sorry to be a crab about it--i like planet waves stuff and they were very good to me personally in the \"humidipak\" recall a few years back. but this product was a waste to me.  overallrating 2 lineend
name John review i thought it would protect my desk but the pad is almost like that rubber they put under rugs so they won't slip around. maybe i should get that for cheaper.i accidently bought large, ooh boy is it; like, windshield sun reflector size. sort of just a personal opinion review i suppose.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Da review there is a problem with the design. when you move the head, the 3 little plastic pieces that hold the ball that allows you to rotate the head, just break off. the tuner itself is great, but the product fails because it broke in 5 minutes.  overallrating 1 lineend
name David review for some reason, this one just doesn't hit the notes right. it looks like it should tune more precise than other models but the tone is way off for mine anyway. i have tried it several times and it just doesn't tune right. then i recheck with my other brand and it's not even close. maybe i just got a bad one? i like that this one shuts off automatically..but again, it's way off tune.i did like the style, size and color.....but it doesn't work right so it's like running with a flat tire...  overallrating 1 lineend
name Donald review i ordered this from the amazon warehouse as a refurbished item. it was properly packaged but the base was broken and poorly glued together. the glue didn't hold so the clamping base separated from the stem that allows the meter to swivel. this was unfixable so i sent it back for a refund. warehouse deals are not such good deals.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Island review first time i tried to use it, it broke in my hand. it is now taped together, while i wait for a different kind to replace it.  overallrating 2 lineend
name puddytat review very accurate tuner but it broke within the first week i used it. the little head on the tuner is connected with an arm and a ball and even when you are gently the three prongs holding the ball joint can crack and break rendering it useless. i will try to get a replacement... now as a tuner it was really quite good but just not durable which is kinda what you need.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Yakov review like the other one star reviewers -- my problem is that the head broke off. i tried to glue it back on, but it just fell apart even worse when i tried to do that. if you buy this, you really need to baby it! my advice is look for a more sturdy model!  overallrating 1 lineend
name Leonardo review tuner works great. both by vibration and mic.only real problem is the fact that the joint between the tuner and the clip is really weak. mine broke off... not even a year old.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Mike review stopped working all by itself. fresh battery didn't help.fortunately, i've another, plus a korg and an two intellitouch. (i've 2 fiddles and 3 guitars)the intellitouch is simply \"champion!\".  overallrating 2 lineend
name Carlo review ...what is the sound in the background of the hissssssssssssss? my guitar i guess, but who cares? i honestly bought this gizmo for the extremely good hisssssssssssssing nothing else.a question to amazon: companies producing objects that are nothing else than a lemon shouldn't be prosecuted?p.s.i think it is \"too polluting\" for 'low cost' items to waste again in paper box, transportation, restocking work, refund work and so on. this is why 99% of the time i do not ask for my money back / but / sell this lemon on amazon, online with other websites, and in all the instrument shops worldwide in a total bad faith (while testing nobody in irig noticed the overwhelming hisssssssing?) well that is beyond me!  overallrating 1 lineend
name Coffee review no matter how many times i hard reset my 3gs, no success. there is no problem with my jack, and the phone is in pristine condition -- no problems until now. there is definitely a connection and communication because the mic and sample track work, but that's about it. i registered my amplitude app, and followed all of the instructions on the box. i tested the irig with an iphone 4 and was able to get it operating.i am giving this two stars because it did work on my friend's iphone 4. but for my purposes with a 3gs, it is a brick. if anyone has any suggestions that lead to successful operation, i will re-rate the product.  overallrating 2 lineend
name skeletonbears review this is a pretty decent thing for practicing your guitar through your iphone or ipad. but if you want to use it for any recording at all, even demos, i strongly recommend going for the irighd. the hd sounds waaaaaay better, and the build quality is great. this guy, not so much. there was always a bit of noise with my old irig, and it seemed to get worse over time. it also felt kinda fragile and chinsy. if you look, you can usually find the hd somewhere for $80; a $50 difference is significant, but the jump in quality (and likely longevity of the product) is definitely worth it. i upgraded and would absolutely do it again.  overallrating 2 lineend
name garmenteros review bought this for a friend. cheap plastic enclosure. affects noticeably your guitars tone and is not exactly a useable delay. he tried to use it for his cleans for our punk ska band but there was no messing with the controls to get a suitable delay. stay away from this one and get a better used pedal.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Jared review my review(s) for this have changed a few times, but no more. when i first got it i liked the sound, though it did sound a little cold and digital, and this is from someone wanting to record shoegaze/dreampop, which by it's nature is full of cold tones (reverb/chorus/delay) shimmering, a la cocteau twins, chapterhouse, lush, so at first i thought it was great. then the fuse software was even cooler, all this customizing the sound, though it did sound noisy and needed the compressor to take some of the noise away.after all of that i finally realized i was trying to ignore the fizz/crackle/hair, it's called a few things. go to the fender forums and look it up, or search it on yahoo/google.the thing happening with this amp i think is a few things. fender guitars sound best through it, which is silly if you don't own a fender, and i don't and refuse to get a squire as that body is so played out, i wanted anything but a strat body, unless i have a grand to pay for an older one, i'm not going to get a rinky dink one, and i would only get one after i got like 5 other dream guitars first.so everyone has different problems with pickup quality and guitar quality. also, playing into a modeling amp is like playing into a computer, that may be fine for some (younger folks), but to a lot of people i've read the complaints i was trying not to realize, as i didn't feel like having to pay for shipping to return it, but i did!and i am so glad i did. i almost got a peavey vypyr, and i am glad i didn't. this amp, to be fair, is really close to being really cool, but that sound problem, which i read on fender's own forum/website, fender acknowledges it exists, but does nothing to fix it in future models!! sorry, but that's some big company b.s.i've been reading of people saying it sounds cold and lifeless and all that and tube this and tube that, and i was like review s of these teenagers that hadn't played for more than a year or two or so saying \"throw away your pedals, you won't need them\" and \"i was going to get pedals, but don't need to now\ that's kind of the danger of these amps, they end up making everyone sound the same! no matter what tweaking i was doing on the mustang, it sounded the same but in a different costume.i think this amp and modeling amps are best for beginning guitarists and i've seen some old timers getting an amp for home use after years, maybe that's for them, but i needed something to record with and practice and get the best, most real tone possible, so that means tube amp.i think if i played this at a gc i wouldn't of gotten it, and i just tried to make myself like it.  overallrating 1 lineend
name scottfwi review could be a fluke, but my unit was defective straight out of the box. plugged it into the macbook pro, fired up garageband and right away it's midi connectivity was intermittent. then it had some stuck notes. then it stopped being recognized at all. it still got power from the usb bus, but no MIDI, no sound. the jack was visibly wiggly, too.so, you're mileage may vary, but mine obviously had a defective usb port on the back. rather than bust it open and get soldering iron, i returned it and bought an m-audio oxygen 25 for $20 more.  overallrating 2 lineend
name A. review with drum pads, i basically either get 0 velocity, or max. and i have to really hammer on them to trigger. hurts after a while.likes:+ size+ assignable knobs.+ works good w/ ableton livedislikes:- drum pads!keys are pretty cheesy but workable and expected for this price and size.i'm looking to upgrade after a month.. want better drum pads. :-/  overallrating 2 lineend
name Dean review works as advertised but the keys are stiff. pads take too much presure to activate. nice that i dont need another interface to connect it to my laptop.after the first few uses the usb socket broke and fell off into the unit rendering it useless. wrote to dealer that was listed as selling it to me thru amazon only to have them tell me the wrong seller was listed. i had registered it with akai already so i complained to them and they sent me a new one. i had to pay shipping back the old one to them even though it was a defective product.not recommending this product.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Jim review this unit might be great if you have child hands - the keys on the keyboard is soooo small.. don't get this if you have man hands! wtf u[date the description akai wtf  overallrating 1 lineend
name Brian review a dull, inept version of a tubescreamer. just sounds flat and boring. not very inspiring. at all. (then again, i never did really like ts's).......  overallrating 1 lineend
name C. review really wanted to like this one, because i loved the price. there is no way this is true bypass. the one i got was defective out of the box, and so when i checked, i saw the circuitry did not support pass through. maybe it is because i received a defective one, but i still wouldn't try this brand name. i am now stuck saving up for a full tone or something.  overallrating 1 lineend
name James review i honestly was not impressed. it looked cheap, sounded cheap, what else is there to say, you get what you pay for!!! another chinese copy of a tubescreamer,  overallrating 2 lineend
name Mark review i can't say much about this product. i tried it twice. it seemed like it kind of cleaned the strings, but i really didn't notice any great change. the strings didn't sound betteer or brighter. now, it sits in my drawer and collects dust. maybe i will try it again at some point, but....  overallrating 2 lineend
name Teagan review i honestly don't see the purpose. it doesn't seem to have improved my experience with my strings on my guitar. i've used it a few times, but don't see the benefit.edit 5/30/13:after coming back to read the other reviews, it's obvious what happened: this was shipped to me completely dry. there was no grease/lubricant qualities. it was like a dry erase pad. they need to improve their quality control. i'm changing my rating from 3 star to 1 star. they have to find a way to fully secure this gap or maybe consider enhanced vacuum sealing packaging.i would suggest if you receive this product and it hasn't dried out yet, to place this product in a air-tight ziplock bag to reduce the likelihood of this drying out.  overallrating 1 lineend
name BigSteph66 review the cable arrived on time and the it looked nice for ten minutes. i don\"t like how the tips screw on and off and the fabric shielding slid out of place the first time i used it. the cable worked well for about two weeks but then it lost current in the middle of a session and i lost sound. this cable is complete garbage. never again!  overallrating 1 lineend
name Adam review i purchased this amp locally and initially, i thought it was pretty cool as it was my first modeling amp; lots of potential for a limitless variety of sounds. this was my first fender amp as well.the presets were neat and all, but when i played around with some of the review s online or forum posts on many of the guitar/amp related websites (there's a 65 page forum post on the fender support site that is quite interesting) and you'll find that these amps are having issues. apparently, the mustang i and ii don't have these issues, and the firmware update did nothing to correct my amp. is this a hardware issue, software issue, speaker issue? there is speculation that the lcd screen (which is not present on the i or ii) may be causing problems, but no one seems to know for sure and fender doesn't seem to care...definitely try this before you buy it. you may get an amp that doesn't have these problems, you may not notice the sounds or you may not even care; let your ears tell you what sounds good.this amp has a lot of potential for great sounds, and it would have been nice to have faithful modeling of some great vintage amps, but in my opinion, technical issues have made this amp sound like complete garbage. i am disappointed that fender hasn't yet correct what ever is wrong (some folks claim that fender reps say that know what is wrong, but i'm not taking that as a fact...), but they have acknowledged that there is \"something\" wrong.whatever... i took this back after a few days of playing with it, trying to eliminate the junk sounds without success( the built-in noise gate helps a little, but sucks tone) and i picked up a 100 watt marshall instead. guess what? the clean channel has zero hum or buzz, even when cranked. how about that? even when i engage a dirt box on one of the dirty channels, there is minimal noise.i'll knock fender for not correcting this issue regardless of what it is and what caused it, but they do have some other nice amps that i'd like to try. but before i buy another fender amp, i'll take it for a test drive and i suggest you do the same before picking up one of these turds.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Bryan review tc is very overrated.Many pedals i have out performs this in my opinion. the vintage bbds (mxr vintage delay, morley 70's echo) for example just take it. but for newer pedals i liked the mxr carbon copy and ibanex de 7 much better.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Chris review it is ok as long as you don't bump your guitar, else boom, it hits the floor. i don't trust it and amazon has it way over priced. it will work if you put a nail in it to hold the holder in place.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Rob review a great idea, but pure crap in terms of functionality. if you don't have something heavy on the flat end, the rubber piece moves, and before you know it, your axe is on the ground. i saw some pictures of putting a 12 ounce can on the flat part as a counterweight, but i'm not so hot with that idea, especially if the can is open. the lip need to extend down longer, and something needs to be done on the bottom of the flat portion to stop this gadget from moving around. if i had a permanent place to mount this, i'd gorilla glue it down, but that then defeats the beauty of this being mobile and i'll get an extra guitar stand instead. good idea, but it doesn't work.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Wayfinder review i purchased this instrument brand new, on an impulse whim due to a managers-choice sale at a local music shop that i simply could not ignore. it was brand new, unopened, in box. they allowed me to examine it prior to purchase. in that environment i thought it a nice instrument.however, it can be difficult to properly examine an instrument in a busy store, and that store was very busy and noisy. it's when you get it home and can examine it leisurely in peace and quiet that the details stand out.this is indeed a 6-string ukulele. it measures a bit over 28\ review . i know some will disagree. but others know exactly what i mean. this isn't an expensive instrument so one really can't expect super-fine quality at this price. however-- i paid about the same price for my electric uke and it is superb quality from top to bottom. as mentioned, the cordoba is a better instrument and costs the same.fortunately the local merchant has a satisfaction guarantee and i was able to return it. i simply cannot recommend this instrument unless there are no better options-- and frankly, there are.  overallrating 2 lineend
name kay review allotoday went to the stores to test out the followingtascams...dr 05, dr 07 mk2, and dr 40 and, for myself,ended up buying nothing...their differences for your ears...are....dr 05, this is a good quality toy...no line in...use its own mic, you will be ok with this, for meetings, etc.not really that good for music...can be done, but not as good..if you use ext mic...u wont be happy either...high background hiss noise relative to all 3.dr 07etc etc...only slightly better than 05...all else same...dr 40 was much quieter in noise level...be it...in mic, ext mic or line inquite decent but costs you around 200 dollars...this can be used to ( semi ) record music too.so, testing on their own mics...that last one was far far better than the first two...for those wantingline in...means only that dr 40...however,my tests involved checking sound quality of bit more seriouslive recordings...took output from our zoom r 24 recorder and input that to the dr 40...upon comparing the resulting cds...a / mstr ed by the zoom r24 and print to cd, vs...b / recorded dr40 and printed to cd...the sound was obviously better with a /no need to buy any a/d recorder attempt at this price level ,if one is looking for semi serious master recorder...my budget must be tripled at least...and then to go out to test some more !no cheap way, is there....for those curious, the whole idea has come from wanting to connect 2 units of zoom r24, not wanting to use computer software, taking the 4 outputs from these two into a clean mixer or analog sum box, and getting them downto 2 channels, and finallly to some mastering digital recorder....hoping perhaps the tascam ss r100 or r200 might do the trick,in the tests to come....many thanks, and may your camels always have two humps !k  overallrating 1 lineend
name Review review i ordered one of these (from mf) and had to send it back because it was damaged and the latches didn't all work. even in perfect condition it's still a subpar case. but the one i got had two ripped corners on the lid, and from those rips it's easy to see that the edge of the lid is just very thin cardboard all around, and the black outside covering provides little protection to keep that cardboard from tearing. as for the latches (buckles), there are three of them and on the one i had only one worked to keep the case closed. the other two latched, but they rattled and provided no tension at all to help keep the lid shut.disregarding those flaws it's still obvious that it's not a good case. the hinges look like they could fall apart or come off at any moment, the handle is not comfortable to hold, and the whole thing bends in a way that makes you wonder if you would be better off with a gig bag. it also won't stand evenly on end (if that's important to you).on the positive side it's light, it does fit a telecaster ok, and the inside is a decent plush lining with a small storage compartment. but do yourself a favor and spend another $25 and get something better. i have a musician's gear dreadnought case and this doesn't compare to that one at all.  overallrating 2 lineend
name MyBeesWax review right out of the box, the low E string had a buzz and the intonation was way off (fretted e note on the 12th fret too sharp). after the appropriate truss rod adjustments the buzz problem was solved. next, i proceeded to adjust the intonation. i was able to get the intonation for the a, d, g, b, and high-e strings spot on. however, after bringing the saddle for the low E string as far back as it would go, the fretted e note on the 12th fret was still sharp.i also noticed that the bridge is slightly crooked (the low E string end of the bridge is closer to the neck than the high E string end of the bridge) - the bridge could have started out crooked or it could have shifted due to the high low-E string tension (loose bridge) -- which would definitely contribute to the defective low-e string intonation.i love the red burst design of this guitar (it looks absolutely WICKED). unfortunately, i'm going to have to return it. i'm going to get a squier strat instead (with either amapleorrosewoodneck).---[update november 15, 2013]i ordered the squier strat direct from amazon 6 weeks ago, but it was placed on backorder. i contacted customer service a week ago and was told me they wouldn't get it back in stock until december. then, to my surprise, the squier strat was delivered yesterday! yay!! :d the happiness!!i was able to get the squier perfectly intonated. it's red burst like the legacy (fender calls it antique burst). it's a beautful guitar and and i'm loving it!  overallrating 1 lineend
name James review ... "unixreviewtime": 1332806400, "reviewtime": "03 27, 2012"} name reviewer review just use a smartphone to record stuff. this is a really weird, not very intuitive little device that has been antiquated by the iphone and other smart phones. not really worth the $75 - i returned mine.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Dean review i was dissapointed to find out that you can only use one of theeffects at a time, good though they were. too expensive foronly one effect at a time. returned it.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Ray review well... it's not really too expensive, but it give you basically the same sound no matter how you set it. even the crunch button is just a louder sound? not a very good value unless you try it out first and this is exactly the sound you're looking for. guess that's why it's so cheap.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Jacy review it is built like a tank, but it quit working after a couple of weeks. i haven't made time trouble shoot it yet, so i'm not sure what component has failed.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Raul review this product is bad quality because the noise it makes. it increases the volume so much that it is better not to use it at all. i'm going to sell this product. i didn't like it.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Beach review downgrade to 1-o star after returning it back to brookmays, the seller:i am really disappointed by the seller, brookmays', ignorant responses to my return of the defective cherbub guitar pickup, which picks up unwanted noise by the wire's own movements and the high frequency of feedback that other pickup won't have the same issue. after two weeks of the returned item was delivered, i didn't hear anything from the seller regarding the return, so i emailed to the seller to see if we can settle it asap. too bad, four days after the email had been sent, i only got the email of telling me the case# of the message i sent without any further response to my refund. until my patience is gone to deal with this hassle, and i don't think it's worth to waste more time on it, despite the fact of wasting the time and money i spent on this useless pickup and the shipping costs. therefore, yesterday, i emailed my last contact to the seller regarding the refund of the purchase and gonna report this to amazon about the bad after-sale service i ever have before if i still haven't heard from the seller shorty.today, i finally received the seller's response to my refund, the seller denies the issues of the pickup and claims, review after using it twice:i like the clip-on design, which is easy to use, so it is worth 2 stars; however, it doesn't work well clipping on small soundholed string instruments like ukes and kid size guitars because it touches the strings. besides that, it also picks up loudly through the wire's own movements, not as the description \"regardless the surrounding noises.\" i have distressed from those unwanted loud noises. one more thing that it somehow produces much higher feedback to the mini amp that i use, and i have to turn the volume as low as possible to prevent the high frequency of feedback. however, when i switch to another pickup with the same setup on mini amp and acoustic guitars or uke. the amp doesn't have any feedback even turning it to almost the highest volume, and the other pickup doesn't have the unwanted noise from its own movement either. i don't know whether is my lack of luck or the poor pickup i got ... i bought it because its cheap price (less than $9) & clip-on design, but, i can't accept the noises and i have to waste my shipping cost to return it back to the seller. so, if you want to give it a try, you may bear in mind that the seller, brookmays, doesn't take any responsibility for the shipments even the item doesn't work properly as claimed description. good luck then!  overallrating 1 lineend
name Pegleg review this is more of a toy than a good pickup. it functions but doesn't sound great. what did i want for this price anyway?  overallrating 2 lineend
name Wayfinder review first we have to realize this is not a $200 pickup or even a $50 pickup. it's less than ten bucks.it has a specially-designed clamp that is good for attaching it to the sound hole of a guitar. as such it is not going to work for an instrument without a considerable-size sound hole. it also will tend to get in the way of those who play directly over the sound hole, as it is quite easy to hit and will pick up any contact noise.it is more sensitive than cheaper competitor devices. unless you run it directly into the amp within a distance of 8 ft you are also going to need a 1/4\" to 1/4\" coupler (to allow it to connect to an extension guitar cord). you will need such extension as this tends to have significant feedback issues if the amp is too close or facing the guitar.it is a passive pickup, so you will need either an amp with a passive-specific input or a preamp mixer or other preamp device. if you don't have a preamp system, this will do you no good.So because of the limitations i rate it as above. for what it does though-- providing a passive pickup that can be quickly switched out between instruments, it does okay. i believe there are better pickup concepts out there for about the same amount of money, including adhesive-disk mikes. i would prefer to permanently mount a pickup of some kind and there are many low-cost pickups out there to choose from. but this is a slightly different concept (removable) that for the price is worth checking in to.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Mark review i bought this to use on my fender p-bass. it is not reliable for me, sometimes it works and sometimes it can't find the low note correctly. i'm still using my roland stomp box tuner. glad this was inexpensive, it was not worth the hassle to return, i gave it away.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Rick review i am a long-time musician with lots of experience with tuners and stringed instruments ... wanted to like this ... but ...first the positives:- looks great- nice, easy to read display- the screen pivots in almost every direction to suit your needs- the clip seems sturdy- tuner is compact- nice pricenow the significant disappointment:- inaccuratethe settings were on a-440 but every time i tuned an acoustic instrument with this thing, the tuning was sharp ... i tested this not only by ear but against other tuners ... very disappointing ... i have used the old planet waves tuners for years and had settled on them as the best choice for the price; however, since d'addario now owns planet waves products, they have discontinued the tuner i like and only offer the ns mini tuner (it has its place i guess, but i much prefer the larger one ... too bad they made this decision imo) ...i haven't settled on my new tuner of choice yet so for now i will keep using my old planet waves models ...bottom line, no matter how nice the snark is in many ways, the primary function is to help the musician tune accurately, not only string to string but to a standard a-440 ... having failed that requirement, it is useless for me, especially in a band situation ...  overallrating 1 lineend
name tj review i own the sn-8, which btw, is the best tuner i've ever used. i bought this bc it said it was made specifically for bass frequencies & violin. so i wanted to use this w my acoustic bass and violin. i was also intrigued by the &#34;tighter&#34; tuning aspect of the bars on this. let me tell you, if it worked, the bars may have been a cool feature, but when you are fine-tuning an a string and it tells you you are on e (when you know you are on a bc the other tuners all say a, and it matches the piano), then there is a problem. i could not find any way to re-calibrate the thing, so it looks like it's just defective. the one i received was completely useless.I am amazed at the great sn-8...i am disappointed in this thing. i must have just received a dud (i hope, since these usually get good reviews), but i will be returning this since it absolutely does not work correctly. on the flip side, i will be getting another sn-8 in it's place, since i know those are great tuners & i love the one i already have.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Electrosandwich review there is almost no difference between this and the snark sn-1, and by that i mean the design flaws. you have to constantly adjust the neck to get a reading, and they eat batteries like crazy. the snark sn-8 is far superior.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Kevin review can't believe they are still selling these things at full price with the old 30 pin connector. i have lots of pads but none still have the old style connector. this is now a boat anchor. to buy a 3 meter cable from them, they charge $40 for the cable, $15 to ship it and then tax. the extortion here is almost monster cable like. these folks should be embarassed.  overallrating 1 lineend
name Oldcabdriver review this gadget works fine to connect an electric guitar to an ipad or iphone or a computer, but the particular one i received has a defective input socket for a 1/4 inch audio plug. it doesn't snap in place. just sits there waiting to let the plug slide out. that makes it fairly useless. i may have simply gotten a defective one.  overallrating 2 lineend
name Tanner review what was thought to be a doa model, ended up being a mistake on my behalf. my iphone 4s, which i have had for about a year now, must've had enough damage and wear to the dock connector so that it works fine...unless trying to use the jam.in the box: comes with a simple instruction manual that has about three steps.it comes with the jam and two cables (usb and ios). it is bigger than i had imaginedit's almost the length of an iphone. feels nice, and is very light. the cords aren't very long.  overallrating 1 lineend
fileend
