name Mike Lovelace review  Attach one of these to your guitar with the included adhesive strip, and you'll always have a spare pick at the ready. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr. GrvThang review It's just unbelievable how well this device holds picks.  I mean, you just insert your guitar picks in this device and BAM - it holds them!  No further action is necessary! And when you need a pick - you just pull one out, and there it is!What will they think of next? overallrating 5   lineend
name Nathan B. review Nothing too crazy here. It holds your picks and sticks to your guitar. So far so good. Feels pretty durable, I'm sure it will last quite a while. overallrating 5   lineend
name Nuri K review  Had no issues in the 2 months. There is a red pick that is supposed to say inside under your 'real' picks, which helps with its looks. overallrating 5   lineend
name Operafanatic review I have a black composite acoustic guitar and this little pickholder stays stuck right where the neck meets the body.  People watching me can't really see it, and it's right where I need it, full of picks, if I drop one.  Wonderful little invention.  Buy it, if you don't want to carry a mess of picks in your guitar case or pocket. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pat review If you're always dropping picks, losing picks, breaking picks, this is perfect to have. Fits about 5-8 guitar picks or so. Stickies onto your guitar, wherever. There seems to be enough sticky-ness to move it around a few times and still have ti grip like new. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pen Name review My picks fall out way too easy while i'm playing live overallrating 2   lineend
name PK review  Great addition to a guitar pickers bag of tricks. It does hold plenty of picks for a gig or practice. It does not take up much room & it sure feels good to have extra picks close by so that you do not have to scramble to find another one. overallrating 5   lineend
name The Bluescaster review This arrived and when I tried to use it, it turned out that the male threads were some  oddball metric size that does NOT fit any standard adapter.Instead, these theads stripped the fitting on my mike clip, so now I have to go somewhere else and buy a new gooseneck AND a clip.This is such a standard item, that there is no excuse for making it with non-standard threads, and NO excuse at all for advertising it as standard 5/8ths... overallrating 1   lineend
name AF review  There are a ton of phaser options out there - even from MXR themselves - which makes this issue a bit confusing.  I'd owned a Phase 90 back in the 80s and wanted another one.  A few years ago I didn't have the budget to consider the more expensive MXR versions, so I just got this one.I think it sounds fine.  I gigged with it for years without issue.  Yes, there's a slight volume bump, but I think this is really mostly a midrange hump that will alter your tone and give you some distortion, depending on how your amp is set up.  I always use it with a clean tone, and I'm used to it so it's not a big deal.If I were to shop for a phaser today I'd consider some of the other MXR models, as well as versions from other manufacturers which offer a mix knob.  A phaser is a very specific sound, but I love it in small doses.  For my needs this one works. overallrating 4   lineend
name aspiring saint review   was for the OLD models.  The NEW models have FAR too high midrange and the components are no longer easily modified.  I thought I was replacing an old model with the NEW one, but alas the NEW is not worthy of a place in my effects chain!I will probably get an EH Small stone now, though that pedal looks like it may have been changed lately too.  Sadly it appears boutiques are being bought by non-musical business men who care ONLY about the bottom line and NOT enough, if AT ALL about the sound/quality of their products.  The capitalists have become too greedy, and the socialists think they are worthy to tell everyone else how to live.  God help us! overallrating 3   lineend
name Diego A. Umana review This is a great effect. Awesome engineering as Jim Dunlop's MXR products has always presented. The true bypass feature and the high-end quality materials make it very reliable and dependable. Phasing is very sensitive and delivers as it should. No need for the EVH red logo version (unless you're a super fan or something) - I actually believe this unit will exceed all your expectations. Ships fast. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name mando2112 review I returned this because I wanted the script version instead. Very different sound. Watch YouTube to compare models. This pedal seems older as well. overallrating 3   lineend
name Sam review This is a great pedal for price. No it's not the most amazing phase pedal, but it's still quality. I know many pedal geeks who still have it on their board. If you don't use a lot of phaser but need it for a song or 2. Buy it. overallrating 3   lineend
name Texas Buyer review Simple and compact.No clicking or buzzing.Perfect for old Van Halen solos like in &#34;You Really Got Me.&#34;Plus, you can get a swooshing bright sound you can't get with a Flange and Chorus when backing it down and playing clean.Play some old KISS or some Rob Zombie.$65 bucks is expensive but a true analog phaser isn't available in most amp emulators.&#34;You know your man is working hard... he's worth a deuce!&#34; overallrating 5   lineend
name Victor review I have several MXR pedals. Every one is superb--except for this PHASE 90 (the non- review  ed here). This PHASE 90 is worthless for anyone who wants to use it while playing clean, for it adds a tsunami of irritating distortion, a swoosh of sonic dirt. I did some research and discovered that other people who also hate this pedal's distortion suggest some modifications. (Look up \"MXR Phase 90 Mods,\" and \"Erik's Corner\" will show you how.) I made the \"R28,\" \"C11,\" and \"C12\" modifications. The result: a slightly improved phaser, one that still churned out plenty of distortion. Finally, I tried adjusting the internal trim pot. On no setting could I get rid of ... you guessed it: distortion. I spent literally hours in a futile and frustrating effort to make this pedal sound merely acceptable. No luck. BOTTOM LINE: IF YOU WANT A PHASER THAT DOESN'T ADD SIGNIFICANT DISTORTION, AVOID THIS INCARNATION OF THE PHASE 90. overallrating 1   lineend
name Violet Deliriums review The MXR Phase 90 is a classic stompbox popularized by Eddie Van Halen. At present, I own an MXR Phase 90, a Boss PH-3 Phase Shifter, and a Line 6 MM4 Modulations Modeler (with a few phaser patches), so I can compare these three units.The Phase 90 has a single \"Speed\" control that sets the rate of the phase, so it is simple to use. If there is a single knob, that is a good indicator that the manufacturer feels pretty good about the sound of the unit. In this case, I agree.The MXR Phase 90 is by far the cheapest of these three units. In my opinion, it also gives the best sound within its capabilities, and actually seems to boost the volume slightly. The Boss PH-3 gets a slight volume drop but it is workable, and the Line 6 MM4 has a volume drop that for me is hard to use on a guitar pedalboard because I usually don't leave modulations on for an entire song, but turn them on/off in different sections (unless its a chorus).Of the three, the Phase 90 has the least versatility. You can imitate the Phase 90 sound on both of the other units (the Line 6 MM4 does a slightly better job) and both the PH-3 and MM4 have more sonic possibilities. Also, the Boss PH-3 will give a lot more spacey extremes than the Phase 90 which stays in a \"normal\" range. But again, of the three the MXR Phase 90 sounds the best of the three at what it can do.Bottom Line:(1) A classic pedal at a great price(2) Great sound & slight volume boost(3) Simple to use(4) Limited sonic possibility, \"safe\" or \"normal\" guitar sounds (no crazy extremes)(5) Beautiful bright orange color, you can't miss it(6) Compact size does not eat up pedalboard space overallrating 5   lineend
name Aaron Madden review Bought this for a mic that my daughter received and fit well. Product is as described and fits mic perfect. Will buy more in future. overallrating 5   lineend
name aceofbase review Good cheap mic cover, fits ES-57 ok, could be a bit tighter I suppose. Anyway it only needs to keep goobies from getting in my mic! overallrating 5   lineend
name Anthony Caraballo review  not much to say about foam.  They do the job well.  You can't go wrong.  I would recomend these to anyone and they are cheap. overallrating 5   lineend
name applegd07 review nice cover for my behringer xm8500. it is fitted snugly and well made. the color is nice and bright. i wanted to have other colors but this is only available in red and black also. overallrating 5   lineend
name Austin Garcia review  Hm. I received this. I opened this. I've used it. I also use it. This product seems to be a pretty good product. overallrating 5   lineend
name BatmanDSM review Nice to keep your mic nice and fresh. Plus it protects the head and gets rid of most of the noise while taking a breath. Decent value! overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob review I do not have much to say about this. It does what it was designed to do and it looks fine.I found myself actually trying to see if it will rip, for the purposes of this review. Just so I could make some sort of comment about it... You can rip it if you try, but it's not likely to happen during everyday use.It's fairly thick. If that isn't what you want then I would look elsewhere. This should be fine for nearly everyone who doesn't have a very specific reason for a different sort of windscreen. overallrating 5   lineend
name Carlos De Cunha review  These fit snug on my Shure SM58 Beta A mics. Nice texture and it doesn't affect the sound of my mics.I recommend em! overallrating 5   lineend
name David W review  I will keep this short.  The price is unbelievable, it's nice to have three sets in a box and these are the best acoustic strings on the market.  That's only my opinion and everyone has one......so many will disagree.I have an regular acoustic and an acoustic electric and strung both with these strings.  It made each guitar sound like a 3 thousand dollar guitar.  I find that most inexpensive guitars have cheap strings, most can be vastly improved with something as simple as new strings.  I really believe in these strings.  When I find a good thing, I am hooked and I will not use anything BUT these on anything acoustic.  On a guitar, strings are everything.  The tone feel and bend is what's important.  These are very light and VERY easy on the fingers, unlike clunky stock strings on most acoustics.  I guess they think you need big, think strings to produce volume....not so.  Some will disagree saying they break if they're too thin.  I would rather have a shorter life with strings, getting a pure beautiful, rich sound than have a long lasting flat string.  My thick stock strings were killing my fingers.  These are effortless to play and sound so sweet and mellow, just like an acoustic should sound.Again, someone will chime in and bash me for saying this...but I would put my inexpensive Yamaha up against guitars costing 10 times what I paid.  I have no plans of changing brands now I've made the string switch.  Some say thin strings break easily, but you should change strings often anyway.  I can do a string change-over in about 15 minutes on a bad day.  It's worth the effort.  I don't plan on hammering my acoustic anyway.  That's what the Fender is for.  AND it's not that I'm cheap either.  I own 18 guitars, 16 of which are electrics.  3 Gibson Les Paul's, 2 Fender Strats (one American) a couple of Dillions (another great find) and some other nice guitars.My Acoustic is just an inexpensive Yamaha 700 but is a very nice guitar for the money.  But after changing the strings it sounds like an expensive Martin.  It didn't take me long to throw a set of these on my acoustic electric and got the same results.5 stars in my book, more if they'd allow that.  There are no other options unless someone gives me a set that blow me away. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Dreifus review Low end made in China dreadnaught acoustic - Bristol - actually sounds somewhat fantastic in terms of low end resonance and sparkling high end.Here's what I've found. The way you string the guitar makes a difference. With practice I've become more proficient.Curve the ball ends for better seating under the bridge plate. Not just a simple bend but kind of bend them over my thumb so they can sort of catch before inserting the bridge pin. Then check with a mirror and flashlight to confirm.I use a locking pattern on the tuning pegs and keep the string quite tight so it loops tightly around the peg.Then I use a microfiber cloth and wipe down each string after each time playing, - use my little finger to hook the cloth under each string and wipe down each length.Try to practice for about an hour daily. The tone as I say is pretty darn good. Played a high end adirondack, rosewood, name brand and was disappointed that it didn't sound that much better to me. overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald Cross review Got the 3 pack and oh what a great difference on me, my guitar, and my sound.I'm a 62 YO newby to guitar!! This proves that easy helps. I have a big baby Taylor and when i needed new strings I went to the wrong place, got Martins installed -- wow did they make a (bad)diference to me.  Sounded like a 1950s monoral record and were really very uncomfortable to play. My friend said that he uses D'Addario and that they make ALL the difference in the world!! Tried them and he was right.  I changed my own (on the big Baby) and the color coding made it really simple to put the right string in the right position (instead of switching the E and B string like the dealer did!) MY Taylor recommends Elixr, but the D'Addarios seem to play with a nicer tone on the Taylor and just as important are easier on the fingers!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald review These really sound great on my acoustic flat top guitars. D'Addario's are the best and I love the ball end color coding. No guessing or searching for the vernier caliper to make sure the right string is on the right tuner.This coding system is consistent thru all their string sets. Can't beat this. overallrating 5   lineend
name Doug review have to reorder soon  great strings for the money. I play guitar with a cou[ple of my buddies and they love them too  sound quaility is great overallrating 5   lineend
name Dr. Freud review I tried these strings on my Zager guitar.  the are certainly ok and play fine.  they are nothing far and above the original strings provided thru Zager.  just a little cheaper in cost perhaps.  maybe they will last longer.  I had some problem with my original strings as the high strings started to rust in the case due to the humidity I put in there for the guitar wood (I live in hot and very dry Arizona).  these have not rusted, so far. overallrating 4   lineend
name Guitar Operator review  D'Addario Strings Are Simply The Best!The brightest tone, normal lifespan, fair prices,, and louder than the rest!I have played guitar professionally for over 27 years.These strings are the best all around for tone, clarity, punch and volume.Don't be fooled by strings that may last longer or have coating on them just to sacrifice clear tone.One a side note. I hate their new packaging.They used to wrap them individually in paper sleeves. Then about a decade ago they started winding them individually, but placed them loosely inside a plastic sealed pouch. NOW, they wind up two at a time, and place them inside a plastic pouch. Arrgh!Same great strings and tone, but now you have to unwind them from their &#34;pairs&#34; and lay them out two-at-a-time...kind of aggravating, but NO FRIGGIN' WAY WOULD I EVER USE ANOTHER STRING! - lol!I compared these (and other D'Addario's) to other manufacturers...they were much louder and cleaner.Don't be an idiot. Buy the best all around string and improve your tone immediately. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hagen LeBray review D'Arrario does sell some fine strings.  While these are not my very, very favorites (strictly because I prefer a slightly lighter gauging on light strings), they still do just fine--much better than some other brands I've tried.  I would not hesitate to buy them again.  Good-sounding and playing all-around strings. overallrating 4   lineend
name Hannah Bananaz review  these strings are great with my acoustics-however, lately i've been using electric strings instead. they work well, sound great, and i believe they really compliment my playing. overallrating 5   lineend
name hargy15 review My favorite strings for 30 years. Have used D'Addario strings since the late 70's. Always a great sound at a great price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hyun review far as i can tell, good strings. They do the job and they feel great. Not much to say...I got exactly what I expected. overallrating 5   lineend
name James M. Bailey review Good strings for the price, nice ring to them.  So far they seem to last and were a bit louder than my last strings although they were flat round and did expect them to be very loud. overallrating 5   lineend
name jamie review These are the best strings I've ever put on my guitar, I play a really nice Morgan Monroe Creekside and these strings give it the fullness it deserves. The bright highs, the rich mids, and they bend like crazy when I need them too overallrating 5   lineend
name jb review I have used all kinds of strings. These are what I use on a regular basis. They work, they sound great, and their longevity is impressive. Most of all, they are cheap. overallrating 4   lineend
name J. Brown review Excellent strings. Beautiful solid tone and no buzzing. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jean Hanna Davis review This is my favorite string to use on all my acoustic instruments.  The strings last a long time, in my opinion.  They keep their bright look and sound, even when my friend with acid for sweat borrows my guitar.I have always liked D'Addario's packaging.  Instead of each string coming in an individual envelope marked with the gauge, D'Addario color codes the ball end of the string -- so the G is green, the low E is brass (I think - I'm doing this from memory), the high E is silver, and so on. I really like that -- there isn't an explosion of paper at a gig when I have to change a string quickly. It's a learning curve -- once you know the system it's great, but the first few times, it's a bit of a hassle to reference the package to find which color string goes where.D'Addario is my favorite string, hands down, after almost 40 years of playing. overallrating 5   lineend
name jeff h review I decided to try these mainly due to the fact that I live near the ocean, and thought thermocouple up better. I restrung an electric acoustic with these and it sounds great with or without the amp. I will definitely recommend these. overallrating 5   lineend
name JerryWithaJ review I've been playing for 40+ years.  I've seen dozens of guitars come and go until I found my 1948 Gibson J-45 and I've tried dozens of types of strings.  Some guitars sound best with Phosphor Bronze.  Some sound best with 80/20s.  I still have an all Koa Martin guitar that is  so  bright that it sounds best with the normally tone-killing Elixir Polywebs. Got a guitar-banjo? Try silk-and-steel or silk-and-phosphor. Trust me.  I've been through my John Pearse phase. Pyramids?  Yep. Tried 'em.  I really liked LaBellas.  The problem was that back when I was using them, they would tarnish in the packaging.  I don't know if that's still the case.Anyway, the bottom line is that D'Addario phosphor bronze are my go to string.  They set the baseline for every guitar I've ever owned.  (Note: That's baseline. In some cases, I've decided something else sounded better.)  For many guitars, including my J-45, there's nothing I've found that I've liked better.Also worth noting:  The string that sounds best depends not only on the particular guitar, but also on the type of pick one uses, the type of music one plays, and the way one approaches the instrument.  The string that's best for bluegrass with a hard attack may not be what's best for delicate finger style.Bottom line: Don't follow leaders.  Watch the parkin' meters.  Experiment.  But, D'Addario PBs are a great place to start. overallrating 5   lineend
name jimmpannzee review Bought these to try them out the medium gauge and brand. Mediums too hard on my thin fingers and will stick to light and extra light gauges. The strings were hard to slide, un-slippery, and changing barr chords made so much squeaks I didn't like. Tone is warm but too mellow for my tastes. G-string snapped 2 days later at the windings with the string wounds pried right off :\\ overallrating 2   lineend
name Joel Fritz review  I've used these strings for longer than I'd care to admit.  String sound is a personal thing.  These work better for me than any others I've tried.  To my ear they have a balanced timbre across the sound spectrum. The five star rating is a reflection of my personal taste. Others may prefer a different sound. overallrating 5   lineend
name John Dziekan review I put these strings on every acoustic I own.  They sound great and are priced right!  You can't go wrong with D'Addario strings! overallrating 5   lineend
name John review I played with light acoustic strings for a long time.  I tried these and they make for much easier action.Do you lose tone quality that you would get with heavier strings?  ... maybe, but the tone is still much improved going from old light gauge strings to new extra light strings.I'll probably stick with extra light for awhile.  They sound great to me, and I can play longer without getting sore fingers. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joseph F. Bierley review Great strings, fully recommended. I have been playing guitar for about 30 years, I only use D'Addarios & Dean Markleys. Good sound, long lasting. overallrating 5   lineend
name Josh Leger review I'm new to acoustic so I'm not too sure how things go, but from what I have learned from using these pics is that they seem pretty good. A little to thick for my style though. They make a very deep and loud noise. I prefer placing electric strings on acoustic. They sound much better and aren't quite as loud. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joshua S. Hill review  If you're a musician, there are those things that you gotta have on a regular basis and for guitar, strings are one of those things. I give these 4 stars rather than 5 just because I know there are better strings out there. However, these ones are great. I like the sound they provide and the price is nice. overallrating 4   lineend
name J. Poehner review I'll be honest, the reason I got these strings is because of the cheap price. I'm a professional bass player who plays guitar for fun only. These seem fine to me. Good tone and they stay in tune. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jr Fentress review  These strings are both smooth sounding and easy on the fingers.  My acoustic guitars seem to like them too, all except my 12-string. I have not switched form Martin strings on that guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name jsnchmpn review Not onlh are these good for the price, but they have become my new fave.  I switch acoustic strings 3-4 times a month on my 2 main guitars.  I gig 1-2 times a month.  These last long, without compromising the tone.  Great price too!  I tried every brand until I got to these.  Not sure why I did not try them earlier :(.  Probably because I was drinking the Elixir Koolaide. overallrating 5   lineend
name Judith Johnson review  I really love the fact that they are color coded so you don't mix your strings up and easy on my fingers. I love the price, they are a very good brand and easy to install. Highly recommend overallrating 5   lineend
name Julian review It's D'addario, you can't go wrongGreat quality and I am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand. Thanks overallrating 5   lineend
name khoney review These are my go-to acoustic strings.  They are a quality string with great sustain and clarity.  I bought Elixir Nanos to compare, and I did like them, but I think you get more clarity when chording or hammering on with these. I'll be sticking with these for the long run. overallrating 5   lineend
name LARRY review Extra Light gives good action for my small guitar. Not so hard on the fingers. Tone is not bad but not same as 11 or 12 gauge. overallrating 5   lineend
name LBrandst129 review  The strings sound great on my full size acoustic - nice bright, but warm tone, full bodied sound - but not so great on my 3/4 size guitar. overallrating 4   lineend
name Leland W. Morris review  D'Addario ALWAYS puts out a nice product.  The E and B strings never have enough coating, but still.  In comparison to others, they do a good job of getting the music out there in a bright and sustained manner. overallrating 4   lineend
name Lets.Be.Reasonable. review This brand has never disappointed me, regardless of the diameter of the strings. To me they just sound complete. Even the light strings don't sound tinny, which amazed me compared to other big names. They complement my Washburns very well. Though they are not top of the line models, I often get compliments like &#34;you're guitars must be expensive judging from the sound alone&#34;. But it's been a trial & error for me. I found that my Washburns sound better with this brand at least as far as my own ears are concerned. overallrating 5   lineend
name Levis Ouellet review Always buy D'Addario strings for my 7 guitars.  Those strings stay tuned longer and will last me a little longer than others I have tried and believe me when I say that I tried many other types.  They have a great rating from other musicians. ....and the price is very affordable.  Highly recommended by this writer.  It is difficult to discuss taste in guitar strings....it is a bit like discussing our likes in food, musicians, movies....etc.  We all have our likes and dislikes.....For my taste D'Addario EJ16-3D is usually the strings I drift back to whenever I buy strings.  I like their full sound and their lasting tones. overallrating 5   lineend
name Aaron Madden review Bought this mic for my daughter and she has been using it alot. Great quality for the money and works well. Mic is as described. overallrating 5   lineend
name A F&amp;T review I have been playing and singing off and on for close to 20 years and currently host an open mic at a local coffee shop. I have used lots of great equipment and mics including the oft mentioned sm57 and sm58. While I did not have either one of those to do an a/b comparison - I DID have 2 high-end (over $100 mics) to compare these too. One was an EV and the other a rather costly older Peavey. These mics compared favorably to both with a slighter flatter frequency response. The signal was not quite as hot as the EV and Peavey, but far more resistant to feedback - even when turned up to match the hotter volumes of the other 2. Can't speak to their longevity or reliability yet, but seems sturdy and a nice performing piece of musical equipment. I feel that these mics will compare favorably to anything under 150 bucks. Great value & highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name applegd07 review this is the best mic for its quality and its price. perhaps on par with other brands but very much affordable.i will buy another one of this. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bloose review I like this mic very much. It sounds very nice for vocals and seems to be very well made. I do not use it in a professional capacity though but it certainly seems well enough made to stand up to plenty of use. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cabbott review Excellent mic, rugged with great sound and zero extraneous noise.Does not have an on/off switch which is a bit disappointing. overallrating 4   lineend
name Christian Morales review love is a perfect microphone for karaoke and mobile DJ live use it to provide live entertainment and I love your reception is perfect and not recommend it overallrating 5   lineend
name David L. Vasser review First of all this is NOT the best microphone ever made.  But for what they cost they certainly are more than I expected.  I give it 4 stars as a microphone period, without even taking the low cost into consideration.  They are so much better than the next cheapest thing that they are worth the extra $5 for sure. I bought one Behringer XM8500 then two more a couple of months later planning to use them as rehearsal microphones for a geezer band start up about 5 years go.  However, we actually have used these for vocals at some live performances when the sound tech's personal SM-58's are busy at another job.  I honestly think we sound about the same either way and maybe a little clearer with the Behringers.  At one time Alice Cooper and his band were using the Behringer XM8500's, however they may have moved on now for all I know.These are not Shure SM-58 clones even though they appear to be cosmetic knockoffs.  They have a slightly hotter output and a more flat response to my ears while the Shure's have a more pronounced lower mid boost that makes the male voice sound bigger and sometimes more distorted if not eq'ed correctly.  They are an ideal backup vocal microphone since the Behringer behaves like a compromise between a microphone tailored for a male voice and a microphone tailored for a female voice and actually works well without heavy eq.  It also is if anything more versatile than the SM-58 as it can be useful as an acoustic instrument pickup microphone working for anything that you would ordinarily use an SM-57 to pick up.  It doesn't overload easily, has a high output and a tight pattern with about the same feedback rejection as the SM-58.  It has a reasonably decent blast filter, so if using it for outdoor instrument pickup you don't have to add a windscreen.  Another strength of these is durability.  My 3 have sustained numerous drops, a couple of falls happened while boom stand mounted so not only did the microphone fall but the weight of the boom stand was behind it adding more mass to the force of the fall.  No damage at all to any of them!  I used to cringe when they fell or got dropped but now I just shrug. One weak point about these is they are more sensitive to handling noise, but on the stand handling noise is no issue.  Mine came in hard plastic foam lined cases with stand adapters.  The stand adapters are sort of flimsy but usable. If you want SM-58's you need to buy SM-58's.  If you want a good all around microphone in the $20 to $40 class then try one of these.  No on-off switch on these but we do have switches on some of the SM-58's we use and frankly the on-off switch is a liability!  I don't think you can find a better microphone new for the money and recommend them as a decent all-around microphone for the price.  You can pay more and get less. overallrating 4   lineend
name Edward review Bought this so my mommy can sing karaoke on YouTube. Also my cousins use it when practicing before using the condenser microphone before home studio recordings with my focusrite 2i2 interface. my cousin and I can perform live at house parties and events so as to entertain the crowd. So it was something that was necessary. and not waste of money or an unwanted item. Also i don't really have to use headphones because it is a dynamic microphone which reduces loop back when using skype or playing video games and talking to your friends, so now i can listen through my speakers. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. L. Beebe review Nice mic - good quality, no problems and have used this heavy over the past year.  Sounds identical to my Shure SM58, but MUCH less. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ingrid Shelton review I bought this to use in Children's Church.  Works great.  Has a nice sound.  Well made.  It has held up with all the kids using it.  Great value for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jacy D. Gillum review Works great especially for the price. Just put a little more highs and mids when you eq it, and its pretty close to the sm58. overallrating 5   lineend
name johns3620 review It's light and has great sound for interviews. I would recomende this mic for any station  and we are Z108.net visit us on the web and hear it live. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joseph F. Bierley review Good microphone for the money, sounds a little better than my AKG D88S, knocked it down to 4 stars due to the fact it does not have an on/off switch. I am a user of Behringer products though, own 2 of their amps. overallrating 4   lineend
name Josh Leger review This is a great quality microphone and at a good price. Keep it mind it is XLR, for those that haven't noticed. XLR is a better quality than other connections. It's the same physical shape and size as a rock band microphone (Looking for a good comparison.), and is MUCH better quality. It's flawless in quality and doesn't give any feedback. I would recomment for anyone, especially having such a great price. overallrating 5   lineend
name karaoke review  er complained. It is a standard length just like the SM-58. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Nguyen review   first.The photo shows no ON/OFF switch, however this does not catch any attention.And all seller seems to have trouble to say \"this product does not have this, does not have that...\" It only says what the product does have.Oh well, I got stuck with two microphones without ON/OFF switch.I can buy an adapter with on/off switch for microphone. overallrating 2   lineend
name linh review wow wow I can't believe it working wonderful.I'm using it karaoke online in paltalk.I did compairation with somes I have, it's perfect vocal.I connected it with mixer Alesis 8 input.I wish it's built with switch on/offRecomend to buyer. Thanks Amazon overallrating 5   lineend
name OMEB review I am a professional touring and recording artist, OMEB, who typically sings through a beta 58. I have recently been very impressed with some of Behringer's products. Sometimes I will run sound for local festivals and needed a few extra vocal mics. I had read a few good reviews of this and decided to buy one. At $25 I figured I could chance it! I used this in place of my beta 58 at a recent show. The mic was much hotter than the 58, better bass response and the boosted highs in all the right frequencies! As far as durability... that is the question, but if you are looking for a great mic that doesn't cost $160 bucks... this is your mic! overallrating 5   lineend
name Risenheart Consulting review I was expecting a so-so mike for the price, boy was I surprised!  This mike is great.  One thing I did notice was that if it wasn't fed into a mixer you need some low impedance filters to keep the thing from buzzing, other than that it works great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert Mitchell review  This is a high quality microphone. Sounds really clear and noise is nonexistent. Works great with my new mixer. Built very sturdy with metal and not plastic. Shipping was great along with packaging. This is a very nice dynamic mic! overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert S.D. review This is a very nice microphone for the money and for general voice over work.I would not use this mic for professional singing, just spoken word.I have many microphones, and this compares to the $50. range mics. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. READ review  I originally was planning on purchasing 2- 3 packs of xm1800s, but after hearing the difference between the xm1800 and the xm8500 it was a no brainer.I was looking to get 5 vocal microphones on a budget for a band that sings loads of harmonies in every song.I really wanted Sure SM58&#8217;s, but the budget did not allow it.I normally stay away from Behringer due to bad experiences with their consoles and compressors etc., but these microphones were a game changer for me.They have a very full and even tone without any mud or extreme plosives, also an excellent output level to the mixer.I was able to EQ them easily for both male and female vocal ranges. I was told by all 5 singers that they could here themselves loud and clear through the monitors.I was also able to get a nice even mix on the front end.I do not know of anything better for the price in live vocal microphones right now. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sessue review This is a terrific value for anyone who wants something like the Shure SM58 but doesn't want to lay out $100. I bought it myself as a kind of experiment. I'm learning blues harp. I wanted to try out mikes that could be used for a combination of vocals and harmonic playing. For this reason, the mike had to be one that I could cup in my hands but also mount on a stand. While my Astatic JT-30 has the great shape and crunchy sound that harp players love, I can't (easily) mount it on a stand and use it for vocals.The spherical receiver makes the XM8500 pretty easy to cup in my hands. The torpedo body mounts easily on my OnStage boom mike stand. And the low-impedance output feeds nicely into my guitar amps with no need for preamping or impedance-matching (and no resulting noise or signal loss).The mike isn't perfect, but its low cost and generally excellent construction more than make up for the slight deficiencies. Here are a couple of more casual notes:1. The mike in the picture looked bluish to me. What I actually received was a mike with a very nice black finish.2. The product description seems to report a weight of 8.5 ounces. I measured this mike at 10.3 ounces. That gives it a substantial feel although the mike is still a bit lighter than similar dynamic mikes that I've used.3. The mike has 500 ohms impedance and a frequency response up to 16,000 Hz. Bluesmen prefer a cut-off at 10,000 to give a midrange boost, but tweaking can compensate for the extended range on this mike.4. The mike doesn't have an on-off switch, perhaps its  only real deficiency. These switches really are very handy.5. In actual use, the mike dosn't seem very susceptible to pops, and there is no hiss.6. The mike comes with a pretty substantial hard-shell carrying case with a molded foam interior that is more than enough protection. I find a smaller zippered case to be more convenient for pacing this mike in a suitcase, but if you are toting a fair amount of equipment around, or storing this at home, then the oversized case should work well.I hope this helps. overallrating 5   lineend
name SJ Holley review This is a great microphone.  It fits easily into all the recording equipment I'm using.  It has some heft to it so I know it's not going to fall apart and be some wimpy microphone.  It gives me great sounds. overallrating 5   lineend
name almost I review I was messing around with the wiring in a MIM strat and I ended up melting the switch. So I ordered this one to replace it. Worked out perfect. overallrating 5   lineend
name crazy finger magic review Working great on my Stratocaster. Excellent purchase. Feels good to switch positions solid and quiet. I should've bought this to replace the original switch from the start. overallrating 5   lineend
name djinx review Perfect OEM.  ONE WORD OF WARNING, if you are not good at soldering and/or you don't have a good iron, don't try this yourself.  The contacts are very thin and will burn up in a hurry.  I recomend readingThe Fender Stratocaster Handbook: How To Buy, Maintain, Set Up, Troubleshoot, and Modify Your Stratif you are unsure. overallrating 5   lineend
name John Barry review I've wired and rewired countless guitars and have had a couple fail recently. Don't know if their QC has gone downhill or what. I didn't send them back because they're usually around $10 but it's disconcerting when a Fender product unexpectedly fails. It would have 5 stars but for the recent failures. overallrating 3   lineend
name kannibul review Bought a couple of these to build pre-loaded pickguards for strats. They work just fine, nice solid feel, screws included, and white or black tips. There are two rows of connectors overallrating 5   lineend
name S. O. review  this has a good weight, nice connections, and all together fender charm. pretty decent price compared to GC as well overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review First of all, a little Amazon 101 - review the PRODUCT, not the service or the vendor.  Giving out 1-star ratings because you had a shipping issue or because some third party (like Fender) didn't get you the right model is unfortunate, but it has nothing to do with the product itself.  All you do is create the impression that this is a poorly-designed product, when exactly the opposite is the case.I have a Fender 5-way in my loaded pickguard as part of a Squier upgrade.  Beware that traditional Strats are 1 3/4\" thick, where as many Bullets and Affinity Strats are slightly less than that.  As such, you might have the bottom of this switch hitting the inside of the guitar.  You might need to either live with this or shave/sand out a portion of the interior if that's the case.But the switch itself works great and, really, is quite inexpensive relative to its importance! overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review It would be improper for me to claim that these FIT Stratocasters, because I have a Stratocaster remake and I drilled new holes for a Stratocaster pickguard to get the screws in. What I can say is that the packaging is nice and doesn't seem cheapo (surprised it didn't come all scattered in an envelope or in a ziplock bag) the size of the screws was right, the dark chrome finish on the screws is pretty slick, and it came with more than enough to install a Stratocaster pickguard. I'm sure the screws are the right length to fit authentic Stratocasters anyways. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brendon review These screws are not a shiny chrome, so they worked perfectly for my pearl pickguard and black Fender Strat body. They are good quality screws. overallrating 5   lineend
name crazy finger magic review I have replaced my old tarnished screws with these. They fit great and plenty of screws. I am going to replace all my old screws with these. overallrating 5   lineend
name David Burch review Fender guitars are made for tinkering -- they are basically just lumber assembled with wood screws. At any given time I have a Fender guitar taken apart, and these little finishing screws replace the pickguard screws I inevitably lose. Don't get me wrong -- I am a die-hard Fenderista, but you gotta admit they are manufactured objects, not fine examples of the luthier's art. That's what makes them so much fun to play and modify. overallrating 5   lineend
name David W review  I bought these because I am constantly loosing screws when I change pickguards or do new builds.These are exactly what the doctor ordered.  Original equipment so they're the right screws,  A must have for every guitarist, no matter what brand you own as they work on everything.These are well made and don't strip when screwing in for the first time.  If it's a new project, always drill pilot holes anyway.  I am so glad I bought these, one by one they are being used...almost time to order another set.I store them in a little sandwich bag.  5 stars overallrating 5   lineend
name djinx review They have slightly more of a nickel finish than chrome and look way better, and they give u some spares. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gordy Styles review these Fender pickguard screws are excellent, they work well with any project you may be doing at the moment, I replaced these with the squier standard screws on my strat and they're much better than the ones you get on the squier guitars made better and with a small screw face the keep your axe looking excellent overallrating 5   lineend
name JdoubleH review Pretty disappointed in the color. As the review title indicates, what I received is more of a 'black chrome' or dingy stainless color. These are simply not going to work with the MOTS pickguard I purchased them for. Perhaps they would blend in better on a black, black pearl or tort pickguard.I ordered another package from another vendor and got the same result. Perhaps it is a large factory shipment that is 'bad'. Some are very dull looking. Very disappointing, really. overallrating 1   lineend
name Jon review OK, so they are just screws....... but a quality replacement for ones for the rusting one!!!  And it is fender licensed! overallrating 5   lineend
name JoseAlmanya review These are the original, perfect fit on my american deluxe strat, so durable I got them for a while and they are still brilliant and making my guitar looking beautiful :D good stuff! overallrating 5   lineend
name jr review You get more than enough screws to install a front pickguard and a tremolo on your Stratocaster, however this lacks the two longer screws near the bridge on the front pickguard. Other than the two missing screws, this hardware is a great replacement for any missing or oxidized hardware on your Stratocaster. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ken Blevins review They work no issues handy to have on hand. Dont know what else to say they are screws they fasten thongs in place overallrating 4   lineend
name Legend review  Old screws rust, and often when presented with a new pick guard there are 11 instead of 8 holes for attachment. This package neatly solved the easthetic and necessary matching finish of the guitar. Also good for lost attachment screws on the back of the guitar and for tuning mechanisms. overallrating 5   lineend
name Loren A Griffin review I guess they are just screws, but they seem to be good quality.  Worth a little extra for the Fender quality I suppose. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lytle3891 review What can I say they are srews and they held my pickgaurd in place. they fit in the factory hole without a problem. nothing fancy they just work. overallrating 5   lineend
name Matt review What can I say? Fits perfectly for a pickguard on a Fender style guitar. You could probably find them at a  cheap hardware store, but I was too lazy to go looking. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Livote review  Normal pickguard screws, nothing special here. You do get a nice amount for the money, though, so this is still a good, if not great, deal. Good to buy for stocking up with, just don't expect anything special because of the Fender name. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mr. Practical review Pickguard screws. The screws are not very tough and you have to be gentle with them so that the screwdriver doesn't bugger up the heads. They are not high enough quality that they can be put in and taken out more than a couple of times before they become worn. overallrating 4   lineend
name N1ZW Rob review These screws fit my project guitar perfectly and considering it was an older Epiphone by Gibson S-900 that I opted to add a pick guard too, the screws fit everything perfectly. The look of the screws was even better than the cheap one you find on most import and low end made guitars the have the fat heads and strip really easy. I will purchase again for my next build. overallrating 5   lineend
name p pouncey review Replacing your pickguard?  Lost a screw?  Authentic replacement screws if you need them.  I ordered these with a new pickguard for my Strat in case I lost or boogered up one of the screws.  Exactly like stock screws. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rich review They are and look the right size and fit the cover well, a must when you want the right screw for the job thanks overallrating 5   lineend
name SILVERBACK review Finishing a build for a customer, without these, would have been a real problem.  Also used these for the tremolo back cover.  Very handy.  And no digging the the parts bin for screws. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. O. review  Screws, just the right size. Shipped free as an add on item, at the time. No brains er...what else? overallrating 5   lineend
name Stinky K. review I can't believe these were actually sent to me. The heads are smaller than normal pickguard screws and the metal is blackened. They come from Taiwan but look like they were subcontracted to China. I am sending them back. There is no way I would use these. Any screw you get from Home Depot would work better and look more attractive. I am seeing nothing but product after product like this coming from Fender and it is a clear sign they are simply trying to maximize profits at any cost. overallrating 1   lineend
name Video Services Of Va review Came with more screws than i needed. They were the right size. No issues. Thanks. You shouldnt be disappointed with this item. overallrating 5   lineend
name almost I review I used this to replace a Pot in my MIM Telecaster. Works great. I didn't notice any change in tone. It just worked like the old one. But the main this is that it worked. And my Tele sounds as great as it always did. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charlo review Comes with a capacitor, so that's a bonus.  These pots are CTS and have a nice tight feel compared to Alpha pots.  Alpha are a little cheaper, have basically the same tolerance, are slightly looser in feel as you turn, and get the job done pretty much the same.  What it really boils down to is whether you prefer a slightly tighter feel, or a slightly looser turning knob. overallrating 4   lineend
name crazy finger magic review Perfect for my guitars. Sounds great for my telecaster and my Stratocaster guitars. Capacitor are a nice generalized  choice. Excellent choice. overallrating 5   lineend
name djinx review I was a little disappointed.  Don't know if it's a QC problem or if I just got some rejects but out of 6 pots, 1 was out of spec (315k) and 2 were almost out (289k, 205k).  1 was right on the money and the other 2 were within 10%.  They are CTL's so I'm a bit confused.  Other than that they work fine, they have the nut, washer and cap included (no knob).  I will be upgrading the caps. overallrating 2   lineend
name J.A review Hi, I thought these pots would come without the proper caps, it`s not on the description of the product, and they did, so I'm pleased by it, have not installed them yet... they are CTS brand, it`s hard to read what uF are the caps, I think they are 0 22uF the standard for Fender guitars overallrating 5   lineend
name John Barry review I've never had one of these pots fail on me. Never had one go scratchy. I'm sure they will, as most pots will, but I've either been fortunate or these are very well made pots. overallrating 5   lineend
name kannibul review Ordered 6, and out of 6, I have exactly zero flat washers. Doesn't match the picture. Caps are marked 223K, so, looking that up, they are 0 22uf. Pot, lockwasher, nut, and cap are what is included. overallrating 4   lineend
name Luis Santana review Al ser el producto fender original se ve que es robusto.. y con una buen duravilidad.. hoy lo instalare.. Saludos desde Venezuela!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Nilram review I bought this to replace a recently busted (generic) volume pot. It works like a champ. I'm a stickler for genuine OEM parts so I typically by Fender only. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paparaptor review These were purchased for my parts bin.  They fit, they work, they are quiet and they won't make your life miserable.  That's all I want from replacment parts. overallrating 4   lineend
name Rob M. review Used this to replace a dead volume pot in an older Strat-type guitar, and it sounds great!  The diameter of the threaded portion was a little larger than the original, Chinese pot, so I needed a cheap reamer (purchased through Amazon) to enlarge the pickguard hole.  It's a nice, smooth pot with no scratchiness.  nice big lugs to solder to. overallrating 5   lineend
name Salvatore Quaglieri review Good upgrade for my Squier Deluxe Strat. Although, note that if your pickguard isn't a Fender made brand, the hole in the pickguard maybe a little small. Not to worry. All I did was took a drill bit the same size as the &#34;screw&#34; (where the knob goes on, and drilled the pickguard, thus it fitting. Over all nice purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Shumway review I used this on my last stratocaster build. It arrived quickly and was well packaged. It is black and has a kind of white stripe along the edge, so if you are looking for just a solid black pickguard, be aware. The cool thing about this pickguard is that it already has aluminum on the back. I was shielding and star grounding all of my guitars and one of the painful parts was spraying adhesive on the back of pickguards and then putting foil on them and cutting it to fit. These already come with foil, so there is no need to shield them any more than they already are.It fit my body perfectly and I am happy with the purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name crazy finger magic review This pickguard was used. It not only was missing the protective plastic but it actually was scratched from being on a guitar before. overallrating 1   lineend
name Fernando Valenzuela review I picked this up because I wanted to change up the looks of my 3-tone sunburst American Standard. The holes lined up perfectly and it was easy to install but that's what you'd expect since this is a genuine Fender part. The only concern really is whether or not the color will work on your guitar. At first, it took some getting used to as it really darkened up the look of my Strat but I like the way it came out with aged white pick up covers and knobs. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeremy D. review I would think it would be reasonable to assume that this would fit a Squier Bullet Strat, but the holes didn't line up, it didn't fit between the neck and the bridge, in fact, it was completely wrong. Nice quality though. overallrating 2   lineend
name Kyle review Genuine fender pick guard.  It's pre-shielded.  Perfect for your next build, or for replacing your standard white guard to set you apart. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark Rodgers review Absolutely perfect. Some other reviewer complained about theirs being blemished, but I'm guessing they just didn;t know to pull off the protective layer. Mine was shiny-new, and was an absolute perfect fit on my Mexi-Strat. The price was the best,anywhere,and with free shipping, I couldn't be happier. overallrating 5   lineend
name MoisesGo review It fit my American Vintage 70's Strat.  My guitar had an 11-hole pickguard.  I ordered an 11-hole pickguard and it fit like a glove.The guitar is 3-ply plastic, black/white/black.  This is what most black Fender genuine replacement pickguards will look like.I am happy with the purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr.Malapropism review I have a Candy apple red Squier Surf Statocaster.  Came wiht a whited pearl pickgaurd.  Switch it for this Black one.  Looks great, really classes it up in my opinion.  I also got black knobs as well.  fits my axe perfectly overallrating 5   lineend
name Reaperman review Bought this a while back just got around to installing it on my mexi strat. Doesn't fit perfect. Kinda bummed but oh well overallrating 1   lineend
name Tyler Adams review Fit my 07 MIM strat perfectly.  Looks like a whole new guitar now.  If you have a Fender guitar then suck it up and buy only fender parts for it.  The Cheap china copies on ebay dont fit. overallrating 5   lineend
name Victor Hugo review I put this pickguard in a MIM White Blonde Stratocaster, and guitar looks so great. I didn't need any kind of adaptation to put in my guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name David W review  I needed a Jack Plate for my custom Stratocaster build and ordered this one.  It was far better than I expected.  It is very heavy duty, great chrome plating.  Not at all what I expected for the money.  A definite quality part worthy of this project that will be with me for life.  Nothing but the best going on this guitar, including this plate. overallrating 5   lineend
name djinx review Was upgrading the chrome on an MIM. Perfect fit.  Used Switchcraft jack.  Includes screws and 1 washer(for the jack).  Looks great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Legend review  Spipped and received on time,It fits, it works, it is heavier guage than most replacements. happy with it - like it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Loren A Griffin review Fender quality is just a step above the competition and worth the extra money over cheaper generic products.  Worked perfectly for my latest guitar project. overallrating 5   lineend
name SILVERBACK review Not much to screw up.  Good quality parts, on an essential product.  Brain-dead simple install. And no surprises; works like a champ! overallrating 5   lineend
name Stinky K. review Wow, I'm shocked. A Fender aftermarket product that didn't come with some sort of defect or problem. Amazing. Whomever does QC for this part should take over the the complete aftermarket parts division and replace the guys that do QC for the other parts I've purchased. overallrating 4   lineend
name Video Services Of Va review Not a lot of moving parts on this piece. LOL Its a simple piece to attach to your strat body. overallrating 5   lineend
name Arlcay review This is my second Fender Polish Cloth. They are basic, but that's all I need for a quick wipe down of my instrument after I'm done playing. The only slight negative is the fact that they tend to unravel around the edges. Even though this has happened to me, it didn't keep me from buying the second one. The fact that they are basic and inexpensive is good enough for me. It gets softer with time and use. Overall I have to say that I'm satisfied with the Fender Polish Cloth. overallrating 4   lineend
name bayou bob review i love waxing my guitars..keep em protected...these stay in every case i own...works well to keep finger prints off...should make a couple of different sizes...but these for the price work fine...enjoy overallrating 5   lineend
name Big Daddy review  Great price on a high-quality polishing cloth.Not much else to say about it - it polishes my guitar very nicely. overallrating 5   lineend
name desrtroz review Item arrived as described and on time - Way larger than expected, but my son loved it!  Says it's easier to use than the smaller cloths we've gotten before. overallrating 5   lineend
name John S. review use the cloth often to polish my guitar. The fender logo makes it look legit.  Recommended to one and all. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr. Kipp M. Webb review  This cloth is perfect for wiping your guitar down after a playing session. A guitar is an investment and you should protect it. A good polish cloth is a must. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrew P. review Buttons itself are fine, however when I was installing it the screw broke inside the guitar (right above the thread). And I even pre-drill it. there is no way I can get it out :( so had to find real screw and drill new hole next to it (now slightly off-center now) overallrating 2   lineend
name J. Brown review A bit wimpy, but so far they are holding up. overallrating 3   lineend
name Loren A Griffin review This was exactly what I needed and worked out great.  It would have been nice to have the felt pads included with the buttons.  I had to pay another dollar at my local guitar shop for the felt padded washers. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Brown review I ordered these strap buttons to upgrade some of my existing buttons.  I have recently purchased these beautiful guitar straps and needed new buttons.  These were filler items for a much larger purachse.  Thanks. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rich review They work nice on the guitar, make sure you use glue on the on the wood screw when installing it .This will help it to stay in the wood and not back out . overallrating 5   lineend
name Salvatore Quaglieri review They fit fine. Works as described lol. Comes with the screws and the &#34;cotton&#34; washers so you dont scratch the body. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sunluvr review  Not an exciting item, I'll admit, but they work as advertised and I do love having strap buttons on my instruments. overallrating 5   lineend
name Video Services Of Va review What to say about this except that they mounted properly, came with the right screws and I didnt have any issues. LOL overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review These knobs arrived in perfect condition, the correct color and fit my Stratocaster remake well. You can't necessarily go wrong with knobs. I like the black look to my guitar now. overallrating 5   lineend
name animulvr review Need 2 volume knobs and 1 tone, so for the price (and in the past) I have always purchased 2 packs together with no issues, however recently I needed and ordered some and I found out of 4 sets, no consistency in quality... example the lettering is thinner on some than others within the same set and between sets of the same item#. Also some had bright white lettering and others did not (but where not vintage lettering either). Guess these are too cheap for Fender to have QC on.Will try other brands next time. overallrating 1   lineend
name B. Shumway review These knobs fit well on the pots in my strat and they match the color of the black fender pickguard as well. They look nice, work well, were easy to replace, and do the job. What more could you ask of strat knobs? overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald E. Cooper review  I needed good knobs! I enjoy them! I highly recommend them! They will last for a long time and they are a good product! overallrating 5   lineend
name Legend review  These are perfect, but for hybrid projects where more than three knobs are needed I would like to have more individual ones available rather than the restriction of quantity and descriptions contained in the package. I have had to borrow other knobs for other potentiometers which don't match, they are functional but aesthetically imbalanced overallrating 5   lineend
name Lytle3891 review bought these for my Squire Strat. I was changing the look with new pickgaurd, nobs and switch tips.  these nobs fit great and look great. I would difenantly recomend them overallrating 5   lineend
name mikey3582 review Well, unless you absolutely botch production, it's hard to go wrong with some guitar knobs. Typical plastic, durable, and looks good. overallrating 4   lineend
name SILVERBACK review I have an abundance of strat parts.  So when a vintage non-strat type guitar came acrossed my workbench, I plunked these on the pots.  The customer liked them so much, he kept them on.  Now what to do with these other knobs? overallrating 5   lineend
name Dako review  I've ordered two of these kits in the aged white, and each one has had severe scratches and scuffs all over the tremolo cavity cover plate. Literally to the point where it looks like someone dropped them on a concrete floor, accidentally stepped on them, and then decided they were good enough to send out for sale. The knobs, covers and tips are all in great shape, however. overallrating 2   lineend
name Don B review Back plate has a \"greenish\" tint, and is single ply, not 3-ply as advertised.Color wasnt as advertised, its more of an \"off-white\" than a vintage cream. But I guess its close enough considering the price.Shipping took far too long. (Not sure if Music123 or USPS is to blame for that, but Id go with USPS)Besides those minor faults, the items fit well and look good.My 2006 Strat now has the look of a '57, without the huge price tag. overallrating 3   lineend
name Eric A. Rogers review If you want to breathe new life into an old guitar for about $20, then this kit is for you! Changing your pickguard and hardware is a great way to give your guitar some personality and help you stand out from the pack. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fernando Valenzuela review One of the my favorite thigns about Strats is how easy they are to modify/customize. After about 10 years with my American Standard, I was itching to change up the look so I changed out the pickguard and then wanted to give it a nice vintage look with some aged knobs and pickup covers. I didn't need the back plate but this kit was cheaper than buying all the parts I wanted seperately. The back plate is a single-ply, mint green so if you go for a mint green pickguard and want the aged accessories, this will give you a matching back plate. You can never go wrong with real Fender parts. overallrating 5   lineend
name Howard J. Herman review Used these while putting together my personal Blues/Classic Rock Frankenstrat. Replaced everything but the body. Needed these accessories to match a brand new Fender pick guard. They worked fine at a great price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark Rodgers review This is the 2nd set of these Fender parts I've ordered. $15,delivered is about the cheapest price,anywhere. They look great and fit perfectly. Can't go wrong. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mauro R.. review The product arrived as in the description, but I made the mistake to buy it for my Fender Squier Bullet (not a \"full\" Strat).There are 2 differences between this pickup covers and my Fender Squier: First, the magnet tips in the Squier are closer together.  I guess the fretboard is narrower than the Strats. Second, the Squier's has a dent on the bottom to allow the wires to go out on the side of the pickup.My solution here was to drill the holes wider and the dent. Not the most beautiful thing but worked.The other parts (knob, backplate and tips) fit perfectly. overallrating 5   lineend
name MoisesGo review I like replacing the pickguard and other plastic parts to give my guitars a different look.  It takes under $40 (accessory kit + pickguard) to give your guitar a make over.Money well spent. overallrating 5   lineend
name PLaBorde review FYI - Parchment is slightly off white. . . unless you're comparing right next to a pure white pickguard, you probably would think they're simply white. overallrating 5   lineend
name Reaperman review I was happy it was made in the USA but was missing switch tip and had two cracked knobs. Might have happen in shipping but switch tip wasn't done by shipping. overallrating 3   lineend
name SILVERBACK review Recieved the accessory kit, only to find I was missing the black tip for the five-way switch and tremolo bar tip.  Trem back cover fit nicely and the knobs help me complete a few other project.  Saving the p/u covers for my next project, but it would be nice to get the trem tip and switch tip sent to me.Great customer service.  Received missing parts, immediately.  Finished the project.  I definitely will be using this seller again.  Thanks overallrating 5   lineend
name Stinky K. review Unless you guys are receiving something I am not, how can you give this anything more than one star. My backplate is so thin and cut so close to the screws that you can actually see were the route begins on the back of my Fender stratocaster. This is inexcusable. All the other Fender backplates I have have enough lip to cover the route, but not this mint green one. I simply cannot understand what Fender is thinking.  I am seeing nothing but product after product like this coming from Fender and it is a clear sign they are simply trying to maximize profits at any cost. overallrating 1   lineend
name The Pusher review I got the aged white. I was changing out pups for a more vintage sound. This kit was cheaper to buy then all the parts one by one. I have a MIM 2012 Strat, every thing went together with out any issues. Best price online and the shipping was super fast. I back plate is the mint green, but looks awesome on the guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Victor Hugo review I have a Fender Stratocaster MIM with standard white pickguard, which I changed by a black one. Then I decided also change others white pieces, and this Fender Accessory Kit fit perfect in my guitar. I didn't need no adaptation to install it on guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Video Services Of Va review But didnt work on the el cheapo drop in pickguard/pickup setup that I got here on Amazon. Other than that, they look cool in the package. LOLI suppose this gives me a reason to build a whole other guitar just to use these covers. ahahahahahahYeah, thats right.... overallrating 4   lineend
name CHUS01 Fan review Kudos to Fender for making an amp like this available at this price point.  It has 25 watts of power, a 10 inch speaker, a real spring reverb, and it's a traditional analog circuit without a digital processor.  It will make your electric guitar sound pretty much the way it's supposed to.The downside is that when I compare this amp to what Fender was selling fifteen years ago, the Champion 110, it falls a little short.  The particle board cabinet is thinner, the speaker is less hefty, and the whole thing feels and sounds a little less substantial.  It's obvious that the bean counters really pushed to get this thing as inexpensive as it is, and they also moved production to Indonesia from Mexico.  Maybe weight is a factor in shipping it across the ocean.All the same, I can still recommend it because it beats the crap out of digital amps and it gives you substantial power and a 10\" speaker and real Fender tone and looks.  Fender probably figures that players flush with cash will prefer a well-made tube amp or an amp with tons of digital modeling, but I kind of wish they still produced a solid 25 watt analog practice/light gigging amp. overallrating 4   lineend
name Gomer review  s,, i knew fender has a good name for amps , and for the money this one was the one, i am so glad i got it , it gave life to my electric guitar, i bought mine somewhere else ,but still grate amp ,,i didn't want to spend a lot of money for an amp ,and didn't want to get something small  for 20 or 30 dollars less and would out grow with my music,as i get better playing guitar, but figure this amp will do me just fine for many years to come and it will. this will save me money in the long-run ,i am very happy with it,i like the five year warranty that came with it, you can't go wrong ,great sound,, and its not to big ,,nice size amp,,and  easy to pick-up,,nice looking amp ,, overallrating 5   lineend
name jerkowitz review I was buying a pawn shop guitar, when paying they handed me this amp and stated it came with the guitar. I didn't expect to actually use it but what the heck, I could sell it and make a bit of money back. Got home to set up my new pawn shop guitar and plugged into the Frontman 25 just to see if it worked. I was surprised to find out not only did it work, it sounded very good. I own a Deluxe Reverb all tube amp and the little Frontman 25 had the Fender sound. What really was impressive was the reverb, it went from a nice echo to full fledge drippy surf sound. I actually took it to a few small gigs and it did very well, I normally use a Blues Jr for small gigs but the Frontman did a fine job. On some smaller gigs when all I need is a little reverb I just plug straight into the amp and it worked well, plenty of volume and smooth reverb plus it's small and easy on the back. All in all very impressed and have decided to keep it. I would easily pay full retail, it is a nice little amp, might even see if I can squeeze a 12 inch speaker into it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe Morris review I have several other amps ranging from half stacks to twins and this little guy fills a definite hole. I mainly play an American Standard Tele and the 25R fits her like a glove. I love the tone and the reverb for $100 is amazing! The dirty channe is what it is, but the clean channel is worth the price of admission.I can imagine using this guy for a small gig, but I mainly use it for practice and jamming over night while everyone else is sleeping. If you are in the market for a sweet little amp with a very rich clean channel and classic spring reverb you should look no further, this really is a great little amp!  Update  If you are interested in a DIY amp stand that will enhance the sound of the amp, check out my review and amp stand plans for the 25R on my website![...] overallrating 5   lineend
name Peter Faden review  I actually bought this amp at a pawn shop for $60, but i would have paid the retail price if i had bought it new, with no complaints. For such a small combo, this amp really packs a punch. It is plenty loud, and is just fine for smaller club gigs. However, you could use it in larger venues also, since you generally mic up your amp anyway, and get most of your sound from monitors.Anyway, the clean channel is what you would expect from any Fender amp, with good tone and crisp reverb. The high gain channel is really fat sounding. I still use distortion pedals, and generally leave it on the clean channel so i can switch back and forth between clean and distortion with ease (not sure if there is a foot switch for the amp, since my pawn shop purchase didnt include one), but without a pedal, the high gain channel performs adequately.For the price, this is really an upper echelon amp in my opinion. Kind of does away with the need for a half stack, unless you are really gigging frequently at larger venues or outdoors. Plus, it is far lighter and easier to transport, lol. overallrating 5   lineend
name Randy V. Brown review I am very pleased with my Frontman 25R. I purchased as a practice amp. The sound quality is very clear, and it has all the volume you will ever need. With the gain and drive cranked up to 10, I set the volume at 3. That is all the volume I need for practicing in my home. You could actually use it on an outdoor stage at level 10. I cranked it up to test it, and the sound quality was still clear at 10. I would recommend it as a good economical all around amp. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. W. Milyard review  ers. I have a few of these amps, so just for the heck of it,I put in a Celestion G10 Greenback (which costs more than the 25R) and was very disappointed withthe results.This amp is not being carried by a lot of retailers now, but can still be had new for under $100 0 if you just do an internet search. overallrating 5   lineend
name Salvatore Quaglieri review I purchased this for my love of playing guitar. I like blues style and classic rock. This 25 watt amp will get the job done. It is not to be expected as a high quality amp by any means. After a few months of playing the bass knob just blew. So I had no bass control. Arrived pretty fast and had no issues as far as tears or dings in the packaging. You just have to mess around with the knobs to get the tone you want. Took me like half an hour to get the right amp settings.This amp is rated 75 watts, so technically you could upgrade the speaker to say a 50 watt (into 8 ohm). I would definitely recommend upgrading the speaker to a celestion or Jensen. I'd recommend it, but don't buy it if your looking for a really decent tone. It's just a practice amp. overallrating 3   lineend
name Adam review Sturdy stand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrea Polk review Solid construction and well weighted, this stand is perfect for desktop use with height adjustments from 8.5\" to 13\" and a 6\" base; per the measurements given on the box.  The locking die-cast steel clutch works well to keep the fit secure.  The color is darker than pictured on Amazon - black powder coating.  There's no tipping or imbalance to worry about with this mic stand, and it's reasonably priced. (  I picked mine up for under ten in the Amazon Warehouse.  It didn't ship with any directions for set-up, which may or may not be the standard packaging.)Do take note that this stand has a US standard 5/8\" top.  I needed a 5/8\" female to 3/8\" male adapter to get my mic to mount to this stand. There are a few on Amazon, but I found the best deal at another retailer online.  These are the adapters that I'm talking about:Windtech Adapter 5/8\" Female Standard Microphone to 3/8\" Male.  You may not need one if your microphone mount ships with one installed, which can be easily screwed out to then expose the 5/8\" space.Overall, I'm very pleased with the fit, finish and construction of this item, and I'm sure it will work very well for my uses. I recommend it to others looking for a stable, sturdy, adjustable desktop microphone stand. overallrating 5   lineend
name BatmanDSM review Great value and the heavy base easily holds a professional mic or instrument mic.Great Price! Very Happy and shipped from Amazon perfectly with great packing. overallrating 5   lineend
name B review When I found that my USB microphone cannot stand on the tripod that came with it, I was so glad that I bought this stand along with the mic based on all the positive reviews. This stand is basically dead weight. That's exactly what I wanted from a desk stand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian Tassina review  I bought 5 of these for live recording of my band. They adjust easil for most any amplifier height yet stable enough for on stage recoding. I recomend these for anyone that needs a low cost means to place mics on a live stage. Features: Stable base; good extension; easy hand grip to lock/unlock for adjusting. For me it was a good perchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name Casby review  Base is heavy and sturdy so your mics won't topple over. But an arm on it and that could be a different story. The action on the height adjust was a little finicky for me but not enough for me to worry about. While I appreciate the weight of the base, I do kind of wish there was a lighter solution to keeping it stable with a heavy mic mounted on an angle. overallrating 3   lineend
name Chris Syria review at2020 sitting on top angled down to pick up my acoustic.  would need a heavier base for use with a boom. overallrating 4   lineend
name Customer review If you're looking for a really durable stand, this is a good one for the desk. It just inconvenient that Amazon does list the product detail on the size of the screw head on top. Make sure your mic holder fits... overallrating 5   lineend
name David G review Great for the desktop and vocals.  I have also used it successfully on the guitar cabinet.  It's an important component in my studio. overallrating 4   lineend
name Eric review I was pleasantly surprised of how heavy the base was compared to what I was expecting. The adjustable stand also works great and won't fall on you or anything. I bought this and a mic/boom stand for my Samson SP01 Shockmount (which the Audio-Technica condenser mic is on), however its connecting slot is a 3/8in female while this stand has a 5/8in male (same with the mic/boom stand). So just make sure whatever it is you're buying can connect properly with the stand. If not, just buy a cheap (about 6$) adapter like I did. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gustavo Posada review Perfect for amp recordings and ambient mic. This helps my &#34;Apogee One&#34; to always be in perfect position and far from accidents and drops. Add &#34;Apogee One Mic Mount&#34;. overallrating 5   lineend
name Indie Film Lover review This is a great stand. The ability to adjust it and price point sold me on purchasing this unit. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a desk stand. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jonathan Cannon review This is a pretty good way to hold a mic if you want to amplify foot-stomping percussion (traditional to French Canadian music).  The base is really heavy, which makes it stay in place well, but it's a pain to carry around.  Also, since buying this I found out that I could just use a shoe to mount a mic by my feet, which would have been a bit cheaper. overallrating 4   lineend
name Josh Adams review  I purchased this desktop stand with the hopes that it would fully support the front weight of a condenser microphone and a shockmount together.  It does, and it does it well.  Very solid build, never felt cheap in any way.  Perfect for its intended use.  I purchased a second one after using the first for one month.  Would buy again should the need arise. overallrating 4   lineend
name Kenwood review This works great for mic'ing guitar amps. The stand has a low profile but also extends up tall enough to handle just about any size amp or combo amp. overallrating 5   lineend
name Micheal D. Prater review  I use these in my studio for the two amps and the bass drum. These are heavy duty and well made. Really reasonably priced. I love em! overallrating 5   lineend
name P. Bradley review My first desk mic stand, and the adjuster part broke after only two days of use. It worked once when I originally set it, then kaput. It's never worked properly since. I still use it but have to wrap electrical tape so that it's at the right height. I would not purchase this product again. overallrating 2   lineend
name Rick Bennette review  Every time I have ever used a desk mike, I've always had to lean into it because the stand was too short. This little stand adjusts about six inches, so it's possible to get the mike right at mouth level without bending over. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ryan S. review I bought this stand a few months ago and it has held up quite well. For only $12 0 it is a steal, the stand is extremely sturdy and pretty heavy. I have used it with multiple mics such as the Audio Technica 2020 with the Samson SP01 shock-mount, a Rode K2, a Studio Projects C1 and a neumann TLM 103. I have not had any problems and the stand is heavy enough to use with basically any mic. I was not going to write a review for this product but I came across another review that stated review ed this to work with a AT2020 with a SP01 shockmount. Mine must have been missing a part as it does not connect no matter what I try. \" THIS IS ABSOLUTELY FALSE. The Samson SP01 shock-mount works perfectly with this stand ( as any shock-mount or mic would, since the threading is a standard size). I just wanted to clear that up so that there would not be any confusion. Also almost every shock-mount has an adapter in the mount ( where the shock-mount connects to the mic stand) that is slightly smaller than most US mic stands, BUT THIS COMES OUT!! ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS TAKE A COIN AND UNSCREW IT FROM THE SHOCK-MOUNT. After the adapter is out the Samson SP01 will connect to this stand. I highly recommend this product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Servartus review Use this for my desk mic at home. It hold my mic right where I want it and doesn't move from where I place it. Worth every penny and then some. overallrating 5   lineend
name Shastafication review I loved it very much. It is very sturdy and stable. It holds my shockmount with my Audio Technica AT2020 just perfectly and it does an amazing job. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tanner Hoke review Works for my Behringer XM1800S Mics. It came with a smaller thread adapter on it already. Idk what mics use that but is something to note. overallrating 4   lineend
name TriggerHappy review Not much to review about a simple tabletop mic stand. Solid heavy base. Well built. Does the job of holding a mic. No more, no less. overallrating 5   lineend
name Willie V. Hughes review I bought this stand to mic a kick drum. It's too tall for lining the mic up with my port-- even at it's shortest setting. Still, it's well-constructed and would make a good desk-top mic mount. I like On Stage stuff. Good value, and good function. overallrating 4   lineend
name 3rdtimer review These worked fine. The mistake I made was buying them hastily. I needed nylon core strings..not steel. My mistake. I loaded them up anyway....sounded great. overallrating 4   lineend
name Andrew Adkins review  I've used several different kinds of strings over several years playing. I'm no expert, but these strings sound good to me.  Subtle differences with different styles of strings, so its a preference thing.  If you havent tried em, they're worth a shot. overallrating 4   lineend
name Audie review I started experimenting on strings, I say, why wouldn't I try to use bronze strings for my acoustic guitar? Awesome I like the brightness of sound it produced. I'm hooked to bronze strings. Thanks to Martin for making the best bronze acoustic guitar strings! overallrating 5   lineend
name C. P. Hendrix review I only needed one string, but it works fine.  These are good strings, but not 5 stars good.  And I have spares for later or to share. overallrating 4   lineend
name Daniel J. Griffin review  Martin strings, just wish I could afford a Martin guitar. They last and they stay in tune. Sound very good too. overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald E. Cooper review  I enjoy this product and I definitely use them on my acoustic! They are good strings! Highly recommended! Enjoy them! overallrating 5   lineend
name Dr. Freud review these are good. I dont see that they are any better than other basic strings in their price range.  they all work well.  length of being brillant is somewhat limits, but it appears to be in most of these level of strings. overallrating 3   lineend
name Joel S Mellor review These (and the extra lights) are great strings.  They felt so good on the guitar after the old set that I had.  Now I'm stuck replacing them often because I love the feeling of new strings.  They play great, have nice action and tone.  I use them on a Yamaha acoustic and the two together sound great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kim K. review These are excellent strings for the price and I will buy them again.  Martin is a name that means quality. overallrating 4   lineend
name LARRY review martins are no doubt, excellent strings. The light strings carry excellent deep tone and are not to hard on my fingers. overallrating 5   lineend
name MetalFan review These strings sound great on an acoustic when properly tuned, I bought these at a local shop after looking at a different brand. The owner of the shop reccomended them as part of a setup. I like the lighter sounds out of them, and using a capo makes them sound great also. These seem significantly brighter and more dynamic than my previous set of Ernie Ball strings and I am planning on trying them out on another guitar soon.They seem to stay in tune more than other strings and also take to bending well. I use them on an electric acoustic and I am happy with the sound when i play through an amp. overallrating 5   lineend
name nailman review heres where you get those strings.I got 3 sets of strings on amazon for the local music store wanted for 1 set overallrating 5   lineend
name rb1947 review Have not used the strings yet, I bought them as back up.  Have used this type of string before with satisfactory results, good tone, last a long time. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ryan Enger review For the price of these strings, you can't go wrong. However, compared to Elixers, the sound just isn't as &#34;full.&#34; overallrating 3   lineend
name Salik ali review  these strings are great for the price, they sound nice and are pretty long lasting but dont last or sound as nice as higher end strings but who cares when the strings are affordable. these strings are great for people are starting because its cheaper and its not a big deal when you break a lot of strings. overallrating 4   lineend
name santos review this strings are just perfect for me because the sound it is nice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!!! so please buy it if you want overallrating 5   lineend
name UncleHammy review  The Martin M140 strings are good strings.  They play well and last reasonably well.  I change strings about every 2 to 4 months and play about an hour a day.  These strings lasted abotu 2 and a half months before they started to sound flat.  They did stay in tune well the whole time I had them on my guitar.  I had them on my Yamaha FG700S. overallrating 4   lineend
name Aaron haszard review Come on now these are Ernie Ball strings what can I say that hasn't been said a 1000 time already there the best buy them overallrating 5   lineend
name aashish review It was a great item. very nice strings. It looked really good on my acoustic and electric guitar. Works great overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam H review Great guitar strings, and affordable. I have used these for quite a while, and I have always liked them. Recently, I moved to Boston though, and here they seem to rust really quickly. They never used too. Its not that humid here, so I don't know if I got some bunk strings, or if the quality has gone down in the last year, or if really its the Boston weather. Historically, I have sworn by these though!! overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review Good Strings, I buy this Strings from a few years and i love them, I like them with my Gibson LP, but also with my other guitar with the Floyd!, They are durable, and a really good sound for my Funky Rock Type of music i like! overallrating 4   lineend
name AncientRocker review I like Ernie Ball strings. They are less expensive and seem to retain their integrity longer than the other brands I tried. I change strings every two weeks. I tried the rest and returned to the best. overallrating 5   lineend
name Basil review lovely strings  for rhythm guitarist, special i'm using it for reggae skanks rhythm and it sounds warm and scream... thanks overallrating 5   lineend
name Brendon review I purchased a 12 for the price of 10 pack of these from Musician's Friend. I've used Elixirs for years and decided to try regular strings again. This 12 pack was about the same price as 2-3 packs of Elixirs. So far I am very happy with these strings. They sound and feel great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris30542 review I've been using these strings for many years. They hold their tune for a long time and have a nice, rich on the low end, sparkly on  the high end tone. Quality has always been very consistent. I play classic rock, 90's alternative, modern country, blues, and 80's metal on Les Pauls, Strats, Teles, Rickenbackers, and Gretsch's. Live and in the studio, these strings work for everything. overallrating 5   lineend
name Daniel J. Griffin review  I always used another company's strings and avoided Ernie Ball strings. Now I don't know why. After using these I am very happy with the quality and tone I get from each set. overallrating 5   lineend
name David T. review This are some great strings. I have bought them my last 3 times and I will continue to buy them. I like that they are a little thicker then the ones that came on my guitar. The tone is much bettter too. overallrating 5   lineend
name David W review  As cheap as these strings were, I am pleasantly surprised with the results achieved.I picked up an old, cheap electric guitar that needed some work.  It had been dropped on it's head.After repairing and playing it, it still sounded like crap so I had these strings, they were cheap and I put them on.  Only took about 5 minutes to restring and was well worth the effort.Okay, the guitar (and I am too embarrassed to give the brand) isn't my Gibson Les Paul or my Fender American Strat, but damn, it sounds good now.  If I didn't have so many guitars, I might keep this one but I will probably sell it to make room for another.These were well worth the few dollars I spent on them.  Honestly, I won't restring my Fender with them, I'll use the Fender 250 bullets.  But these are great for about any electric.  With guitars, crappy strings kill it.  Great strings can make a bad guitar okay, not great.I will continue buying and using these on my lower end guitars but will spend the few extra bucks on my high end guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dean J Copely review Used the 9-42's for years but thought I would give these a try. Fuller sound with the 10-46's butI cannot bend them like the 9's. I have switched back on a few of then guitars for variety: 10's for rhythm and finger style, 9's for lead. Get the packs of single 9's and 10's too so that when one breaks you dont have to steal from another whole set. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dr. Freud review I have been using these strings for a while now.  they are consistent, sound good, have a good life, and are very well priced through Amazon.  They are crisp and vibrant when new and this lasts for quite a while.  I will continue to buy them by the dozen for my electric guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name D_Strasse review  , because you've already played a set of these. You are off playing different brands and tech just to fine tune things, maybe trying out the latest coating or maybe just deciding that pure nickels have that vintage vibe you're going for.But if you just need to know if Ernie Ball strings are any good they are. The bigger question for beginners is do I keep the gauge that came on my instrument, (these for Gisbsons, Super Slinkys - pink package - for Fenders as a rule of thumb) or do I try something new.In summary, for me these are the safe pick, the strings that I know will work when I just need a good set of strings at a great price. You really can't go wrong with a set of these. overallrating 5   lineend
name GaryG review Oh man am i glad I found this deal, no more $8 0 for strings anymore, there the exact same as you would get from the store, delivered through USPS, dont have to go anywhere, how cool is that, 5 out of 5 Stars, but of course, its ERNIE BALL. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jerry Roberson review These are the best guitar strings I have used in over 50 years of playing the guitar. Made in USA a very good price. You can buy more expensive guitar strings, just not better guitar strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name jimrenfroe review These strings are good, especially for the price. I have found better strings through D'Addario however, and the feel of them is  superior to these in my opinion. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jinx Lee review I started out wilth Balls when I first picked up the guitar in 1968 when I was 17. They were worth my part time minimum wage money and gave me what I wanted. A very reliable product that took me through the transition from an amateur to a professional lead guitarist. I highly recommend them. Keep a pack or two in your guitar case or gig bag! overallrating 5   lineend
name John D review I have never been let down by Ernie Ball strings. They produce a bright clear sound and for every other string in their price range they are the best way to go. I only use them and I have been playing for a decade.They stay in tune forever and have a warm sound characteristic of nickle strings.Whenever I buy a new guitar and change out the factory strings I am always shocked at how much better my instrument sounds. overallrating 5   lineend
name John review This is a pack of guitar strings.  It sounds good on my guitar and it's not that expensive.  I like it(4 star rating according to amazon).  I would rate it 5 stars(amazon rating for 5 stars is if you 'love' the product),if it made me sound like Clapton unfortunately, none of the gear that I bought can do this!  Also, I kind of find it hard to 'love' a pack of guitar strings. overallrating 4   lineend
name Kreature review these strings are great if you need practice changing your strings. these strings last 2 days and then they are dull and lifeless and need to be changed, the high e and the b string tend to break before they even get tuned to pitch, Ernie Ball strings are garbage, the only time I will buy these is if it's the only thing available, most people like these because they are endorsed by so many musicians that are paid to say that they like this garbage, and even if they do like them they are not your average players that need more than 2 days out of a set of strings, Touring musicians have the guitar tech change the strings after they play their set, and they get an unlimited amount of these crap strings so their guitars always sound fresh,  you can spend 4$ for a set of Ernie Ball or D'Addario every 2 days or you can spend $7 for a set of DR strings and change them once a month, or you can spend 10$ for a set of Elixir Polywebs and change your strings once every 3 months,  It doesn't make sense to use these crappy Ernie's unless you are sponsored by EB and have an endless supply and a tech to change them for you like the rockstars, overallrating 1   lineend
name L. G. Pichardo Calderon review Ernie Balls are nice strings, cheap, durable and produce a rich sound. I'm so proud of my Balls. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Livote review  I've been using Slinky's for so long now, I honestly don't see me using any other brand ever again. They are tough, well made, and simply work and sound great....do what everyone else does and try them out and see for yourself what a difference a great string makes to your playing! overallrating 5   lineend
name mikey3582 review Ernie ball strings are quality strings that last me quite a long time. They sound great, and I have yet to have use set of strings by Ernie that were faulty or disappointing in any way.Of course, I have only used a few other brands of strings, so I don't have an arsenal of wisdom to compare the quality of these strings to. But do take my word when I say that these are extremely reliable, good-sounding, and affordable. 5/5 overallrating 5   lineend
name M. M. Jackson review These just sound great. Huge upgrade from the stock factory strings on our beginner Ibanez electric guitar. Good stuff, will certainly come back for more when the time comes. Cheap for what you get, and a nice sonic upgrade with a great feel. overallrating 5   lineend
name Nessander review These are my favorite strings for electric guitar. I've been using them since I started playing about eighteen years ago. I've tried other strings, like Gibson and D'Addario, but I like the sound and feel of Ernie Balls the best -- they feel nice, full, thick, hefty. I play blues, jazz, and bluesy rock. I use these on a Gibson Les Paul Vintage Mahogany and a Yamaha neck-thru-body electric, and they are good for the music I play and for providing a full-bodied sound. There are a whole host of \"big name\" guitarists who use these strings, and for good reason. I buy them in 10 packs to save money -- can't seem to find that option here on Amazon. overallrating 5   lineend
name Nike review the best strings in the world i recently switched to ernie cobalt strings which are more expensive but so much epic! overallrating 5   lineend
name patriotsarebest review Slinky is used by tons of professionals because they work well and endure rough playing.These strings are pretty much an upgrade from any factory strings.change yours now. overallrating 5   lineend
name RazzSpew10 review  It had been a while since I had some EB's. Best packaging I have seen and for the price, don't order just one pack. Very pleased, always have a spare pair in your case. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Beckmeyer review  i must re order soon because i broke one string yesterday, these are the best strings i've ever had i love them and may bands use them too overallrating 5   lineend
name Reviewer review Ernie Ball is the standard for guitar strings. I tried switching to some other strings for a few years such as the GHS boomers and D'Addario. I have to say, I only had a pack of Slinky Strings during my last setup and I'm glad that's what I used because they play great and sound amazing. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard R. Casper review I really like the mediums.  They are able to play the biggest variety of styles without being too heavy or not durable enough. overallrating 5   lineend
name Salvatore Quaglieri review Great strings. Bends are easy. Stay in tune well. Shipping was fast and I'd definitely recommend these. John Mayer, and other of my favorite musicians use these strings, there great. overallrating 5   lineend
name SILVERBACK review I could never get the sound I wanted using other manufacturers strings.  I tried Ernie Ball Slinkys just for shiggles.  I was quite surprised at the quality of the tone I get from my guitars now.  There is a rich, toney presence to these springs.  The cheapest and most effective upgrade you can make on your axe is Ernie Ball strings.  Hands down the best. overallrating 4   lineend
name SLV review Been using this brand of strings since 1971,I've always been pleased. I like the super slinks as well. Love um overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review I've tried several different strings on electric, and Ernie Ball Slinkys are the only ones I really trust on all of my guitars.  The fact that they also happen to be among the cheapest strings you can find is a nice bonus.  But they sound great, and are far less prone to breakage than other brands I have tried.  The 9's are super fast and easy to bend, but I've started using 10's more often on my Strats, which creates an even more robust sound.  They're an industry standard for a reason - you don't need 15 dollar strings! overallrating 5   lineend
name SVT4001 review Standard 10-46 nickel wound set- great for most general purpose playing- like rock, blues, country, what ever. Some more advanced players might prefer boutique strings like DR, but these are good for most folks! overallrating 5   lineend
name Tachyon review I typically play D'Addario  10's, but I wanted to see what all the fuss was about with these. Well I gotta say, I'm not stricken with disbelief at these, but they are very nice. Overall I would say that they feel about the same as my D'Addario strings, but if the price is right I wouldn't mind a substitution every now and again. They DO bend very nicely, obviously your guitar's scale length and your ability to bend strings may vary. overallrating 5   lineend
name Teresa Halbert review  This was a much needed purchase because my son being a new musician is going through the guitar strings.  He found just what he needed and at a great price. overallrating 5   lineend
name tgn1956 review Very good strings overallrating 5   lineend
name Tom review These strings are Great! They Last for a real long time. They even include free picks  which is so cool. I Defiantly recommend them for everybody else!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name ReplacerReviewer review  beautiful tone and durable string, nice tension,  very good for bends, sweep picking and rakes. Did I mentioned great value? overallrating 5   lineend
name Van Zeppelin review  These have always been my favorite strings, and I've just about tried them all. Everything from elixirs, fenders, gibson, dunlop, and everything in between; I always end up coming back to ernie ball one way or another. Whether it be regular slinky or my ambitious not even slinky  they are a set of 12s  Overall great strings, never had a break on me, last long, sound pretty good too. overallrating 5   lineend
name victormanuel3007 review My favorite strings for about 3 years now, i like the feel and the sound of this set. I use this strings with an Ibanez RG Custom with Dimarzios. Love it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Zach Briggs review The fact of the price for this and the 18 cent shipping is pretty damn good Because I have 2 Silverstone SS-11's and a stratocaster and I took parts of of one ss-11 to fix the other then I bought these strings for it Fixed it up And now that guitar sounds better and less (Buzzy) than the strat Also pretty cool how it came with free picks which is nice becuase I lose them alot and one side of my thumb feels like a brick and the other side feels like a pillow Anyways great product nice little thank you note and free picks and REALLY cheap shipping I will buy more later to fix my other guitar when I get the bridge nuts replaced overallrating 5   lineend
name zj review Im sure these strings are fine, I like the cobalt ones a lot they sound good on my Jackson Rose. These however or the high E the Jackson because of how you have to string it would not grab hold of it... Because with a Jackson you have to cut the ball or whatever off the strings I was left with worthless strings my mistake, Just not for one of my electrics my mistake but I do love  the other strings they offer. So im out four bucks oh well. overallrating 4   lineend
name Andrew Adkins review  Bought these for my friend, he asked for these exact strings.  His guitar always sounds awesome, and I always ask his advice for musical products.  I even sound OK when I play his guitar, so I say try em out. overallrating 5   lineend
name bayou bob review heard they were nice strings...they do make better...but just starting to play and dont have need for new strings just yet... overallrating 4   lineend
name CRG review  These are awesome strings! I put a set on my Strat and Tele. They offer a clean sound, feel good and can hold their own on a tremoo dive and a mad bend. I will be using this model and brand as long as they make them!Get them! overallrating 5   lineend
name drummerboy review For the money, you cannot beat these strings. I change strings every other time I play a show (about once a month) and these always last, and sound good. Perfect for Ibanez guitars with special tuning. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Vazquez review Whether you're a beginner, or have been playing for a long time, you can never go wrong with Ernie Ball strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name Igor B. review Ernie Ball 2223 Super Slinky Electric Strings - 09- 42 set is very good opportunity to replace the original strings on your new guitar.Recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeremy Mos review like the title says, ive been using these for years. used a hand full of other brands and this is what i always end up with. i either use the 9's or the 10's and detune them. overallrating 4   lineend
name Joe Labruna review Fine strings that I have been using for a VERY long time of my electric guitars. You can get some really nice sound out of these super slinky strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jon S review I've been playing guitar for 25 years and when I was first getting started for what ever reason I hated Super Slinkys with a passion. I was a Fender or D'Addario guy and EB SS were beneath me.Fast forward to a few weeks ago when I got a used Jackson with DEAD stings on it. I wasn't sure I was going to keep it but wanted to give it a chance with new strings. ALL of my guitars are setup with 10s but the Jackson needed 9's and I didn't want to bother setting up the Floyd Rose for 10's on a guitar I might not keep.I came onto Amazon to find some inexpensive Prime eligible strings and these came up, WTH I'll give them a shot.Wow these are some good sounding strings. I have no idea why I didn't like them before, maybe my hearing is much worse than before? Who knows. Anyway I ended up keeping the guitar, a Jackson DK2M. overallrating 4   lineend
name miT review These strings are great for all sorts of playing styles. I bought a set of 9's and 10's and I also have some D'Addario 11's. The 9's are super slinky just like the name says. They're great for quick movement around the fret board. My only complaint is that they are at times too thin sounding. I play a lot of rock, and sometimes these just don't pack a punch like the 10's or 11's do. All in all though, these are great strings, and I will definitely continue to buy Ernie Ball, I'll probably opt for 10's or 11's though. overallrating 5   lineend
name N. MCCAMMON review  Good cheap strings for guitar. Hard to beat the price. I am not an expert on guitar strings. So I hope that helps. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pen Name review I have an Epiphone es-339 and recently put these strings on it.Oh man do they sound nice. It's like I got a whole new guitar once I threw these on.Still sound good after a few weeks and they are very nice and bendy.Slinkkkkkkyyyy... :D overallrating 5   lineend
name Pen Name review Very clean very bright strings i use these on my strat and it feels good and sounds amazing. if you want to use these strings for distortion you're an idiot these are something i could imagine david gilmore using overallrating 5   lineend
name Ralph Martin Smith review  The Ernie Ball Super Slinky String Set (9 - 42) are a great set of string to replace my old string with on my guitar. They feel and sound great when you play them. Highly recommend these strings.... overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard G. review A great deal on what I consider the best all purpose guitar strings out there. Do the big names in the music biz use Ernie Ball strings? Yes, and for good reason. While it is true that you can attain a fatter sound with the heavier gauge variety, I have found that for my USA Stratocaster, that the ease of play with the &#34;9&#34; strings is the clincher -- and they provide an amazingly full sound, with no stress on the fingers at all. overallrating 5   lineend
name RJ review I do like these strings. Had a few packs of these from Christmas. Opened up one recently and the  09 string or 1st string \"Was Not\" in there. Next time I'm gonna have to open up the package to make sure they're all in there, should measure them too. Didn't open them to keep them sealed until I was ready to use them, no more. overallrating 5   lineend
name RonNW review Good strings ..great for general guitar work, but I do prefer the EB rock n' roll strings for blues and rock playing. overallrating 4   lineend
name Santa Barbara Yann review My guitar playing wife loves her super slinky strings. They sound wonderful and cost very little. What's not to love? overallrating 5   lineend
name Sean review These are my favorite strings to use on my American Strat!  They feel great, sound great, and are extremely cheap!  I would definately recommend these strings to any electric guitar user... buy a pack and try them out!  For less than $4, you can see if they work well for you! overallrating 5   lineend
name Shannon V review  these are my personal favorites when it comes to guitar strings.i would reccomend these to everyone and the price is the best overallrating 5   lineend
name Skyeye review Decent strings but the little E string broke while I was stringing the guitar.Other than that, they appear OK.Nothing to rave about. overallrating 3   lineend
name StudioDude review These strings honestly aren't for rhythm. They bend too easily, making rhythm playing impossible. On the plus side, for soloing, you can't go wrong with these. Honestly, I would get the Hybrid Slinkys over these. overallrating 3   lineend
name W. Soh review Nice strings. Great sound.But rust easy.I had issues with the packaging. I used only 1 string and the rest rusted in the paper jackets.You have to use all of the strings once opened.The cheapo Musician's friend strings don't have these issues - they are individually wrapped in plastic jackets and I don't have to use all of them at one go. overallrating 4   lineend
name Wynn review  I've been using this brand of strings for years. The super slinkys sound great. The 9 gauge is very easy to bend and on a good guitar will also sustain well. They last a long time if you wipe down after use. Better yet, get the Big Bends string cleaning wipes to increase the life of your strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wyoming Eagle review I bought these hoping they would allow me to learn to bend guitar strings blues style.  They turned out to be just right.  I don't play that often but they have lasted for a lot longer than expected.  very pleased with the product and price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Zach Briggs review Since they are light strings they are easier to press down and easier to bend which really helps me because I'm a beginner and don't have much Calais yet. Also I like the first day of new strings look Shiny! I would recommend this to any beginner. overallrating 5   lineend
name CHUS01 Fan review I have a 5 watt combo amp.  I was looking for a smoother sound, and got it in this tube.  It lacks the brutal attack of the Sovtek and the all around bright articulate response of the NOS RCA gray plate I tried for over a year, but I'm really liking this sound for what it is.  I think a tube amp ought to be warm and musical, with nice natural compression, and that's what I'm getting out of this JJ. overallrating 5   lineend
name GuitarExtreme review I'll re rate this item if my problem is fixed but maybe this is normal??  I have a Vox ac30hw2x and I put this jj 12ax7 into v1.  I have a significant volume/gain reduction now.  I know it's the tube because I can put the stock ruby back into v1 and the volume/gain is back.  I haven't checked yet but I'd say there is a 40-50% loss in volume.  I was thinking maybe this is a higher headroom tube?? It's not stamped to be one so that's why I'm confused.  Is it typical of JJ to have more headroom? I'm not digging this tube so far so back in goes the Ruby. overallrating 3   lineend
name Guitar Operator review  Without going to extremes and spending two-hundred bucks on an NOS tube from 1957, I recommend for us frugal individuals to go the cheaper route until you get your first platinum hit.JJ's tubes are well-trusted and have become the defacto standard when selecting quality and tested reliability.BTW - 12AXT and ECC83 are the same tube.I can't remember the last time I had a JJ tube go microphonic beyond control.I have played full time for over 27 years. I use these.Hope this helps. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kurt Robair review Popped one of these into my Hartke LH500 Bass Head it it sounds great....the stock tube was sounding a bit harsh and this one sounds a bit cleared and more defined....nice tube, overallrating 5   lineend
name Laytonium review I bought these when I had to re-tube my Marshall JCM800 2203KK head. This is the only tube head I have played or had so I really cant tell you how they compare to other brands but these things rock. They are very good for metal/hard rock and have lasted a year now, while gigging and practicing weekly. I was recommended to JJ by a friend who only uses them and I will likely be doing the same. I paired them with the JJ KT88s and these things just rock. overallrating 5   lineend
name mikey3582 review I own a Fender '65 Reverb Reissue, and I had learned from many guitar gurus and such that the best tubes that sound amazing are very, very difficult to find. However, I bought this JJ Electronics one expecting something decent to tide me through until I had enough money to afford a higher-end tube, and this blew me away. I was surprised at how good the tone of the amp was and how it made my guitar sound.This was well worth the small amount of money that I paid for it. In fact, I think I will just go ahead and keep using this permanently until it's almost dead before I purchase another tube. overallrating 5   lineend
name Moral Hazard review  I opted to use the EH for its different tonal characteristics, but sometimes I still switch this one in. It's a good quality, great sounding tube. The JJ seems to be slightly more even in tone, and a little bit better sustain in the low mids, if that's what you prefer. overallrating 5   lineend
name Psychic Cypher review These tubes just aren't for me. They don't sound great...kind of flat and lifeless. Also unreliable. One (out of 7) arrived DOA and another has failed since. overallrating 3   lineend
name Shawn review Throw this bad boy in anything and it will make a world of difference, particularly if the tube being replaced was a cheap tube. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Beach review  Most 12AX7 tubes do what the electrical engineers say they should. Psychoacoustics being what it is, I can't honestly tell you, for sure, Electro-Harmonix tubes are measurably better than the no-name Chinese tubes I replace. But I THINK the Electro-Harmonix tubes sound better, therefore they do. At $12 per shot, who cares? I suppose I could contrive a double-blind experiment to settle the existential question empirically, but I'd rather spend my time playing. Rest assured Electro-Harmonix is GOOD stuff and the price is right. Just do it.  ;-) overallrating 5   lineend
name Kurt Robair review Needed a pre amp tube for my Hartke LH500 and ordered one of these....while waiting ended up buying and using a 12AX7 Groove Tube so this one still sits in my gear bag, waiting to be powered up. If that time comes Im sure this will be a great tube. overallrating 5   lineend
name MK Hill review  I retubed my Carvin X-60 combo with a duet of Mullards and 3 of these EH preamp tubes. Wow - they all come to life and make the amp sizzle. The price was right from AMZ. overallrating 4   lineend
name Moral Hazard review  I like the tone of this one better than the stock one in my Champ and in my Kustom Kontender. Also, I like it more than the JJ, but the difference is subtle. The JJ version seems to be a bit brighter and slightly more noise (in a good way, but not what I want for me). overallrating 5   lineend
name P. Refsnider review Received a new 500w Hartke 2x10 bass combo at church, tube pre and ss power amp. The preamplifier has one 12AX7. It was an EH. It went very microphonic after about ten hours playing time. After talking to Larry Hartke, decided I got a bad tube. He would not send a warranty replacement. My suggestion - new stock tubes are probably not tested prior to installation. Replace all stock tubes with tested tubes from someone like Doug's tubes, tube depot, eurotubes, or some other reputable tube vendor. I don' t trust ebay tubes and won't spend the hard earned cash on NOS. Replaced with a JJ, but should have used a Tungsol reissue. overallrating 3   lineend
name Secret Squirrel review  er, I bought this to switch out the stock one that came in my mic preamp, and it just did wonders to warm the sound. Only problem is, now I am eyeing my amp, all it's tubes, and thinking... if one little adjustment made such a difference in a pre-amp, imagine what some of these will do in my fender! Sigh! Always something!Anyway, this is great! I am sure I will get more! overallrating 5   lineend
name Aaron review  Spend a few extra bucks and get a music stand that is sturdier! these can't support heavy stuff and will knock over SO easily. They sure are portable though. not a bad idea to keep one in your car just in case since it folds up to be so tiny! overallrating 4   lineend
name Bob review  I bought this and am very satisfied with the quality and construction. One of the features I like is that it just doesn't take up too much room, and can be placed in its carrying bag which makes it wasy to store.Over all a nice easy to use poratble music stand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jai review The music stand is perfect for the keyboard I am playing.  It is strong, height flexible and hold the music sheets firmly. overallrating 4   lineend
name Janeelizabeth review Light weight... great for travel... it is perfect for what it is. It is adjustable for standing and sitting. Holds sheet music as it is intended to do. Came with a GREAT little travel bag. Folds up and sets up comfortably and easily. overallrating 5   lineend
name Johannes review I would say this stand is for the occasional user who doesn't put more weight than a few sheets of paper on it.The top part is not secured. It just slides on the tip of the tripod. Pick it up and carry it around, it'll come apart and scratch your Stradivarius.The foot is horrible: It sort of hooks in place with a little clamp. That means, you get ONE position. And that one doesn't look like it will live very long.Comes in a pouch, which helps to put it away.Spend more if you can. overallrating 3   lineend
name OfficeBoy review Amazingly sturdy for the $.  It isn't as sturdy as some, but it probably is the sturdiest of the truly collapsible stands.  It folds up very nicely.  I'd buy it again. overallrating 4   lineend
name Peter Kim review It's as good as it looks. With that in mind, it's perfect. It's not very sturdy if you're using it outdoors and it's windy but hey, what do you expect from the way it looks? overallrating 5   lineend
name tgn1956 review It works great,it keeps my music in order.I am able to see my music.This has been a very useful tool. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayne M. Simpson review  This little music stand folds up small enough (after some disassembly) to fit in a pouch less than 2 feet tall and 2 inches wide. Once assembled, it stands straight and is more than sturdy enough for sheet music or most softbound books. The height is adjustable so you should be able to find a comfortable position whether you're standing, seated on a stool or in a chair. The angle of the tray is not adjustable. The legs are simple flat metal pieces and could be susceptible to being bent if you trip over it, so this might not be the best stand if you plan to keep it in one location. But for a portable stand, it's hard to find fault with this one, especially given the low cost. overallrating 5   lineend
name Aaron Madden review Daughter uses this stand and was well worth the money. Exactly as described and very affortable. Would recommend this to anybody. overallrating 5   lineend
name Janeelizabeth review Nice microphone stand for the cost. Sturdy... adjustable... good construction... it works... we like it!!! Will purchase an extender to use with it. overallrating 5   lineend
name JPfromOH review I purchased the On Stage brand microphone stand to use with a theremin, although I may use it at some point for the purpose for which it was designed.  This is a substantial, stable, very solidly built stand.  The base is heavy enough the I can't image that the stand would fall over in normal use.  Should the need arise, it is also easy to disassemble and assemble.  Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  This stand is practically indestructible and is ideal for gigging. If you need a boom, simply add anOn Stage MSA7040TB Adjustable Microphone Boom, Blackand you're good to go.In addition to being indestructible, this stand takes up far less stage (or studio) real estate than a tripod type stand like theOn Stage Stands MS7701 Tripod Boom Microphone Stand. And despite the relatively small size of the base, it is far more stable than the tripod stands. Admittedly, this stand is a great deal heavier, so if weight is an issue you may not like this type.Even with a boom fully extended I have found this stand to be stable. For outside use in fair breezes this stand remains upright, which is not always the case with the tripod types. Moreover, there are no legs to break (I have lost one tripod stand to that problem.)If you transport your gear often, and especially if you play outside (or inside on cramped stages) this stand is the best choice in my opinion. overallrating 5   lineend
name Stabon review Not much I can say about a standard mic stand.  Unless it was a cheap piece of crap.  This one is not.  Nice heavy base plate.  Here is my only complaint:  I went to remove the UPC sticker on the shaft and now I have a mess.  I'll try some WD-40 to get the annoying residue off but for crying out loud, can't anyone come up with a sticker that is removable without a headache? And as an end user, a UPC sticker serves nobody. Why is it even there?  Put it on the box it comes in but get it off of the merchandise I'm buying! overallrating 4   lineend
name C. Longo review The Rat has been used by everyone from David Gilmour to Dave Grohl to give you a grasp of its range.  It does everything from light crunch, to Marshall-style thick rhythms, to all out face-melting distortion.Rich harmonics, near infinite sustain, and a mid-range push that will cut through a mix like no other distortion pedal.This pedal has not left my board since the day I bought it.  The fact that it's built like a tank ensures it's going to be around a long time after my playing days are over. overallrating 5   lineend
name Darwin's Survivor review This is what all distortion pedals are judged by.  Adds thick creamy distortion, enhances harmonics, and maintains great attack and definition.  Sounds awesome.  True bypass. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dennis M review There a hundreds of distortion pedals on the market today. Sure, some are said to be the best at this or that, but for me the RAT is the one that does it all. And at a great price to boot. This pedal is not new to me. I've had a few of them in the past, but the RAT 2 is just a great as the older \"vintage\" models. Goes from a nice bit of drive that is far better than a Tube Screamer, to a near fuzztone, with some warm, smooth creamy tones in between. Remarkable. No other distortion pedal can do it as well. I've been playing for 5 decades and have had more than my share of them. But the RAT delivers. No joke. It just does it all, and well.The Filter (tone) is set up where the tone gets deeper by going clockwise rather than counter clockwise. That might thow a few folks off, but it's a little thing really. The Filter is the core of it's tone and the Distortion control is very linear in how it increases the distortion. By going higher with the Distortion control, the volume only goes up a little. That's great as making changes while playing is less of a hastle if you just lean over and bump it up a bit, the volume won't go through the roof.100% silent switching. No hum. No buzz. And no loss or increase of your overall level when you engage the unit. Flawless comes to mind here. Easy to set up. Strong as a Tiger tank. And just flat out gives you what you want without all the fuss of 6 or 8 knobs for you to mess with. And the three that are there all glow in the dark like all the RATs of the past. Kinda cool if you ask me.If one wants a good distortion pedal that will perform without issues, get yourself a RAT. If you want to impress your friends with how much money you dumped on a \"boo-teek\" pedal that sits in the RAT's shadow, buy that high dollar unit and you can at least \"Look Good\" while you play. But your tone will still stink. Its up to you. Me? Its a no brainer. I go with the RAT.... overallrating 5   lineend
name John M review I have one one these from the 80's back home, and when I was looking for a new peddle, I found this was still the best around. I remember searching for the right peddle back in the 80's and going through dozens of them before settling on the Rat. And it's exactly the same... Simple, sturdy and its settings are perfect from crunch to blistering distorted sustain. I run it through all manner of amps - including Marshalls, Vox, and even Crate, both tube and transistor, and with a few quick easy adjustments I get exactly what I'm looking for no matter the box.I'm an old school player - meaning I want my sound to come from the guitar and amp instead of processors. This is just an enhancement to my sound, and not the basis of it... though I expect anyone will get what they want from this baby. overallrating 5   lineend
name mikey3582 review This pedal is exactly what I have been looking for since three years ago when I started performing. The distortion on this is deep, has long sustain, and has a nice tone to it that the classic Boss DS-1 pedal does not have. It's perfect for a great sound, from heavy rhythm guitar chugging to fat, bruising solos.I love this pedal and have been using constantly ever since I got it.However, word of fair warning: the pedal itself uses a +9V power charge rather than the typical guitar f/x pedal -9V (barrel jack. Look at the power supply of a Boss pedal to see what I am talking about. This ProCo RAT Pedal does NOT use that). If you buy this pedal, you will have to do one of four things:1) Buy the power supply made specifically for this pedal.2) Consistently use and replace batteries.3) Find a converter from barrel jack to 3.5mm jack.4) Be an electrical engineer and rewire it yourself.Other than the above, excellent pedal! overallrating 5   lineend
name muttonchops review  After playing digital equipment for years I recently got into analog (pun intended) starting with an overdrive pedal.I had always heard a lot about the RAT and I wanted to try it out.I played a Boss DS1 at a store and thought it was a decent distortion but found it too trebly and thin.The Rat with all the knobs on 12 oclock sounds like a great rock amp. Like a perfect marshall but with more organic-ness. It really has its own tone I must add. Fat, thick, smooth and saturated. It responds to picking very well and organically.As you move the distortion knob higher, the sounds gets more and more animal. Very thick and \"furry\". The tone filter knob also is a very strong influence on the sound. With lower settngs the tone becomes more trebly and smooth and with higher settings it gets closer to fuzz. Very nice.A nice pedal to have to be sure. overallrating 5   lineend
name Otto Correct review I've owned over 3 dozen dirt boxes over the years, and I just love the Rat.  It makes my tube halfstack sing, and my practice amp sound like a big amp.Its great as a stand alone distortion, running on a clean amp.  It can get everything from that perfect bluesy grit to roaring sludge (just max out the distortion and use your neck pickup on an LP to sound EXACTLY like King Buzzo of the Melvins) and everything inbetween.It can also be used to boost an overdriven amp into better sounding territory.  Case in point, my buddy has an old Peavy stack from the 70's in his garage.  Its a solid state head on top of a vertical cab of two 14\" speakers.  On its own, you can use the gain and distortion knobs present on the amp to get a decent sound, but with his Les Paul it still sounded oddly dark.  We put the Rat in front of it and with some fiddling got that perfect AC/DC style overdrive out of it.I think the main reason I love the Rat so much is not only the great tone and its sheer indestructability, but the filter knob.  Normal tone knobs allow you to focus more on bass or treble, but usually if you boost one, you cut the other.  The filter is more of a high end roll off, you can darken or brighten your tone accordingly, but when you DO go brighter, you still have the same bottom end.  It doesn't CUT the bass out.  So even with a more treble heavy sound, you still have a fuller rounder tone, it doesn't thin out so much.Its really an excellent pedal.  I've heard that some claim you have to get an older one with the LM308 chip to really get \"the sound\" but that's a myth.  Look on a few guitar forums or on youtube for plenty of tests and testimony showing the fact that the new ones do indeed sound the same as the old ones.  A Rat is a Rat, whether they're coming from China or the USA.p.s.  Mine is from 2010 and the face still glows in the dark.  So I dunno what that other guy was complaining about. overallrating 5   lineend
name Peter Faden review  As far as tried and true distortion pedals go, this is really just average. The filter doesnt have enough of an impact on the pedal to provide a truly large range from fuzz to metal distortion. Compared to other distortion pedals, it really fails in this regard. However, if used as a fuzz pedal instead, it truly shines, since this is really what it is. Does it have distortion? Yes. Is it valuable as such? Not in my opinion. It isnt condensed enough to be used strictly as that. Another gripe I have is the 9 volt slot. Most pedals use a universal design which allows you to use almost any power supply. Not so with this pedal. You are pretty much relegated to their own adapter or batteries, which sux IMO, especially since I run all my pedals off an adapter chain.Anyways, while this is fun to play with, you should definitely consider the sound you are going for. If you prefer to play a more grungy or 70's era metal, then this will work for you. For more crisp sound, you should look elsewhere. IMO overallrating 3   lineend
name Steven K. Baker review  I love adding channels to amps, and that is exactly what this pedal does. It helped me create a separate fuzz/distortion channel that makes my rig extra versatile. It's built to last and solid as a rock. I love the different dirt it gets combined with my MXR Carbon Copy nooned across the board. Insanity! I love my main rig distortion, but this definitely helps add depth, and doesn't tank my tone. Last distortion pedal you'll ever need. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tim review Tried it, didn't like it, returned it. Just not my cup of tone, that's all. I have more use for an overdrive. overallrating 3   lineend
name A Carter review I does the job that I wanted it for. Just to keep picks in my guitar case. It's okay but it could be better. overallrating 3   lineend
name Amazon Customer review I like the product, i like the idea to have something that can hold the picks so they dont get lost, i thought that it could hold a few more picks. I think i putted about 7 picks in it, but hey, it works and i would buy it again.I forgot to say that there is double sided tape on the back if you want to put it on your guitar (thats what i did, it looks good and durable).Also, It's Cheap!!!!! overallrating 3   lineend
name Amazon Customer review I love this, now I don't have to find my pick.I bought one and this is my second one for my another guitar.I also purchased an extra one as a gift for my friend. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrew P. review old good design. For the price I've bought 4 of them and just put it on all guitars, so wouldn't have to search for pick again overallrating 5   lineend
name Autumn review This holder is spring loaded so it makes inserting and removing picks easy. It has a little sticky tab on the back so you can stick it to something (such at the side of back of your instrument) so you always know where your picks are and always have them on hand. I don't know exactly how many it holds, and the thickness of the picks makes a difference, but I've crammed quite a few of varying sizes in here without issues. overallrating 5   lineend
name bayou bob review bought roughly 5 of these...i like them and my playing buddy likes them...has a sticky bottom if you want to peal off the paper and stick on table etc.i keep one in each case..enjoy overallrating 4   lineend
name b carney review Very good reliable product to help keep track of your guitar picks.Only thing I can see negative about it is that you cannot fit very many picks inside of it.It does help to have a few stowed away for when you need them.I was not satisfied with the extent of time it took them to ship this product to me.It seemed to take forever although it has nothing to do with the product and only the vendor I ordered the product from.Dunlop has always created some very top quality products for guitar players.They have a great reputation and they uphold a high level of quality no matter what the product usually.This product AS ADVERTISED DID NOT come with any picks.If you order this and need picks MAKE SURE YOU ORDER PICKS SEPARATELY. overallrating 5   lineend
name callysto review for only a few bucks, this little item is extremely convenient!!! i placed it on a filing cabinet, next to where I practice and filled it up....love love love the hastle-free access to my picks!!! thanks guys for the great little product! :) all smiles... overallrating 5   lineend
name Captn' Bob review I am buying several more to mount on assorted amplifiers for practice room and studio.  On stage, I prefer microphone boom holders. overallrating 4   lineend
name Chava Perez review Well, this is a very simple accessory, but also a very convenient one. You can transport and organize your picks without making a mess inside the gig bag. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cheri review My son finds that this holder comes in handy when storing his picks. He says it's easy to use and finds no difficulty removing his picks from the holder. Highly recommend! overallrating 5   lineend
name Craig Brubaker review  casual, part time guitar player here. I use it on the back of the headstock to always have picks with the guitar when I pick it up. The one I received was all black, not brown on the sides as in the photo. No matter. It is a bit larger than you might expect from the photo. I dont know if that is to accommodate a larger size of pick, or what. It is big enough that 'normal' electric guitar picks can almost turn sideways in it. It also likes to give you more than one pick at a time. Both of which I would say make it not  a contender for fast pick replacement, like in the middle of a song. But it is good for keeping them all in one place, either on the guitar or a desk, toolbox, etc.Nice little item for $2 overallrating 4   lineend
name Dako review  I used to be that guy that lost about 30 guitar picks a month. I bought three of these Dunlop Pick Holders, one for each of the three gauges I find myself constantly using, and they've more than paid for themselves in the short time I've had them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Danyelle Mulin review  I bought this for my brother for a Christmas gift when we got him a guitar. He never used it, but not because of anything to do with the actual product overallrating 5   lineend
name David W review  I ordered the one in the photo, with brown sides and got a standard black one.  I have the black one on my Fender Stratocaster and wanted the brown one for my acoustic.  Unfortunately they sent the wrong one but I'll use it anyway.  It's also not the same size as the one in the photo, much wider.I wish I had the right one as the one I got doesn't match the guitar.  I know if I put up a fuss they would send the right one, but it would cost more to send this back than I paid for it.I will say that these are a must have if you're tired of searching for picks.  Finish playing, slide your pick into this and it's there when you play again. overallrating 3   lineend
name David Y. review Have not had the chance to stick it to my guitar. So it is just used as a pick holder so my picks have some places to go. Can hold up to 11 picks of .50 thickness. I use Tortex Guitar Pick of that thickness. overallrating 4   lineend
name delighted review Easy to use - it was easy to put the picks in and to take the picks out of it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Deyvyd review It a simple holder that it's really good to make sure that you will not be out of picks when you need then! overallrating 4   lineend
name Drew review I can't write a great review for this. There's nothing to write about. This is a pick holder. It holds my picks. End of story. Price was right. overallrating 5   lineend
name grandpa review  I like this so much, I bought 4 and going back for more. Spring loaded pick holder holds about 20 to 25 picks. There is a peel and stick on the back to attach it to a guitar strap or behind the headstock.  I Keep one in each guitar case. I am ordering more for stocking stuffers for my musician friends. Fill them up with your favorite picks and no more searching for a pick. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Barrera review its a one dollar pice of plastic that holds your picks, it has a spring in it that pushes them up like a dispenser in a way. has sticky stuff on the back so you can stick it to your guitar or case so you always have picks. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jerry S. Johnson review Well-conceived, spring loaded slot holes multiple picks.  It is small and can be affixed (self-adhering) to the guitar near the bridge so you always have picks handy when you are ready to play.  Inexpensive solution and quite handy. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe Labruna review This Dunlop 5005 Pick Holder work good. For an in expense product. It is want I need for travel. Little hard to put picks in but OK overallrating 4   lineend
name Joshua Cuellar review  It is OK, but it does not compare to the ergo holder.Which you may find here:Dunlop Ergo Pickholder.The main problem with this pickholder is that it is very difficult to get your pick out, and it is extremely fragile. overallrating 1   lineend
name JR review This is a nice pick holder, especially for the price. It sticks well to the guitar and is easy to use. overallrating 5   lineend
name kodiakcowboy review This is a great little addition to my guitar because otherwise picks end up getting lost everywhere.  One note: this does NOT come with any picks.  One customer said it did, but mine did not.  It has a sticky pad on the back, and sticks well to a wood guitar.  I even moved it once, and it still sticks fine.  It is spring loaded so that the top pick easily slides out. overallrating 5   lineend
name LHardyRN review LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this pick holder!  This is the second pick holder like this, that I have purchased (for different family members). overallrating 5   lineend
name L. Ole'son review Has a double stick tape so you can place it in a handy place. Easy to reach and nice to have on hand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lonnie M. Adams review Dunlop 5005 Pick Holder, this is very handled, always forget were my pick got off too, now I know my Picks is in the holder. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark Burgess review I bought one of these for a friend of mine, and he said it was the best thing he'd ever used to keep his picks out where he can readily get to them. I bought two more today. overallrating 5   lineend
name MAURICIO S TAVARES review I liked the fact i can insert more than 5 picks and they really stand tight and don't fall down. But the original glue was not string enought and the holder has fallen on the ground. overallrating 4   lineend
name Melodie S. review Great product.  I have ordered 6 or 7 or these. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Brown review This was another filler item for a much larger order.  I am always losing my guitar picks and this helps me keep track.  Simple idea but a good one.  Thanks. overallrating 5   lineend
name No Name review It's a great pick holder, but I'm not fond of the sticky background.  Something 'clip-on' would have been more useful. overallrating 3   lineend
name Pen Name review Holds my picks but if i move it to another part of my guitar it tends to have trouble sticking unless i force it on the guitar overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Caldwell review All three of my kids have a guitar. They were always losing their picks. This pick holder is the neatest thing I have seen in a while! All of their picks fit snugly in it and it has adhesive on the back of it so it stuck nicely to the guitar. I highly recommend this pick holder to anyone who needs help keeping up with their guitar picks! overallrating 5   lineend
name RLL review A little bigger than my other pick holder, so the pics aren't as fluid sliding in and out. Great price though. overallrating 4   lineend
name Robert A. Gare review I lose picks so easily I needed a pick hold.  This one sticks well to the guitar.  Locating a spot for it depends on you and your guitar.  Unless you keep it full of picks it will rattle. So I push one or two extra picks partly in the holder to stop it.  I might try it somewhere on the strap. overallrating 4   lineend
name Sam Nunn review I placed mine on the back side of my amp, in a safe from bump spot. I keep a few picks in it for easy access and I always know where to find them. The double stick tape that came on it has worked well. It's a cost effective way to always have a few picks handy and not loose in a pocket, getting lost. Try one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Squidsmom review I bought this for my 11 year old daughter to help her keep up with her picks.  She loves it and is doing much better with not losing pics.  I stuck this on her amp so she would not mis-place it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Teagan Mago review It serves its purpose.  Doesn't hold as many pick as I expected.  Looking back, can't see why I really need it.  A plastic bag does fine.  In fact, I don't think I've ever used after the first time I put the picks in it.  I just use the excess picks I put in a ziplock bag. overallrating 4   lineend
name Texman review I've never had these before until recently. I ordered a set and it worked so well that I BOUGHT a couple more. The couple more that came in had a wider slot on them. I thought that was weird but didn't think to much about it until I started moving some PICS AROUND. Turns out the wider opened ones might work but not as well. This Picks fall out way easier than the smaller slotted ones. overallrating 3   lineend
name The SARGE! review  NO MORE misplaced or lost picks!  This handy little device will fit perfectly in any out-of-the-way spot on your instrument. overallrating 5   lineend
name WAYA review Fulfils it's intended purpose...Holds several picks.non-marring adhesive on back won't damage guitar finishes.Easy to withdraw and replace picks. overallrating 4   lineend
name Yakov Hadash review I have one of these on my guitar and one on my ukulele. I can't imagine life without this pick holder -- before I was always losing picks and then I had to strum with my fingers which I don't like doing. Get one of these if you play with a pick! overallrating 5   lineend
name Y. Xu review I always have problem finding pick when I need them, and this product helps me solve the issue. It is easy to use. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review This is the best cleaning product I've ever used. Not only do I use it on my maple and rosewood fretboards, but I also use it on the headstock if it's unfinished and on the unfinished body of my Ukulele. What it does is it restores the wood in a way that it gives it a much more brilliant, beautiful and lively tone. Really brings out the beauty of true wood. Now every fretboard and unfinished bit of wood on my guitars looks beautiful and brand new. Application method is also very useful. I don't know why there is a strict warning saying not to use it on maple fretboards; I put it on my Stratocaster's maple fretboard and it looks beautiful. The only thing it did differently was it made the fretboard a good shade darker. I also must add that the stuff has a very wonderful lemony smell (nowhere near overpowering), and it does clean off a lot of dirt in conjunction to hydrating and livening the wood. Great stuff. Go ahead and buy it. overallrating 5   lineend
name bobatious review It is strange how few fingerboard lubrication products there are that work well and don't build up, stink, or cost too much.I use this on all my household's guitars and basses. Works excellently, application from this bottle is good though occasionally needs a stir and shake to get more lubricant on the applicator. overallrating 5   lineend
name Captn' Bob review By far the best to use on the neck of any guitar or bass.  Applies easily and what is not absorbed between frets, wipes right up.  A must to keep wood looking fresh. overallrating 5   lineend
name Confidential Name review So far still Made in America. I have been using formula 65 guitar polish for over 40 years since a time when my hair was longer as a hippie growing up with heavy metal. I've polished many guitars multiple times. This gets the grime and fingerprints off the body and neck keeping the instrument looking like new. It works great on acoustic and electric, solid or hollow body, acrylic or lacquer finishes without streaking. It even cleans Finger Ease lubricants off the neck and strings. I haven't needed other products separately for the neck or strings since this works great on both. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dako review  I'd say if you own a guitar with a rosewood fretboard, this should be a mandatory purchase for your prized possession. Just one bottle of this should last years and years. I also like the fact it utilizes a dabber to prevent spills and accidents. I used this the other night to &#34;feed&#34; the rosewood on my Telecaster, and this difference was night and day. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dennis review  I was hoping the Lemon oil would be what I needed to get that crud off some of my guitar fingerboards but, it's not very good at that. I suggest cleaning with a detergent first and then let it dry. Once clean, the lemon oil does a good job of sealing the wood - even where years of playing have taken their toll. It's a good finish but, not the place to start. The product is not meant to be used on maple. Don't know why but, not an issue since most of my instruments are rosewood or other dark, exotic woods. So far, so good. overallrating 3   lineend
name James E. Perkins review Makes the fretboard feel like new; but best to clean with alcohol wipes first. I think most woods will appreciate being treated with this oil; especially in dry environments. overallrating 5   lineend
name jimmpannzee review Restored my rosewood fingerboard with a great color! Also works well on the bridge and only used a fraction of the bottle. A great investment that'll last quite a long time. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kazmir review Its really secure far as not spilling out of the bottle. The only bad thing is you have to squeeze really hard to get the oil out. overallrating 4   lineend
name kiboy review  I've had an old beginner Ukulele sitting in a closet for years.  I have much nicer ones now and decided that rather than lend them out for playing I'd fix up this beginner uke as a loaner.  I took off the strings and realized how dull and dry looking the fret board had become.  I used this product and it really soaked it up fast.  Now it looks beautiful again.  Very satisfied with how it worked. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kodack review It's oil....what more do you want?Turn upside down, squeeze hard, use your &#34;man&#34; level strength and soon the tip will darken, apply liberally to your fret board in a back and forth motion. IMMEDIATELY wipe your fret board clean just to take the wet look away. Let sit for a few hours then dry rest of the way rubbing with cloth.It's okay to soak the wood as long as it's momentary. Don't saturate the fretboard and walk away, wood absorbs oil, too much oil absorbed = fretboard wood becoming swollen and buckling, losing shape and flatness. Not a good situation.Lemon oil isn't like other oils, it isn't very slippery and kind of makes things grabby. It's oil but it actually works more like a solvent, cleaning things and making them sqeaky clean....like your frets...hint hint.Just be sure to buff off all the excess and put a little string lubricant on your frets before you re-string and you'll be a happy camper. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael W DeSilva review I love this stuff. I've tried many fretboard and string cleaners but this one works the best. And in case you are wondering, it comes with a cloth cap attached to the bottle under the twist off cap so all you have to do is turn the bottle upside down and clean away. You may need an additional cloth in the beginning to wipe off the excess liquid because the bottle is full when you first get it (of course). I highly recommend this product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Lovelace review  This will make your fretboard smile!  It takes a dry, faded, fretboard and makes it look like new.  A few dabs goes a long way so this 4 ounce bottle should last you a long time.  If your fretboard is really dry & faded, apply heavily and allow it soak in.  Continue applying until the board stops absorbing and then wipe dry.  I was amazed at how this made a dull & faded 40 year old Fender fretboard came back to life. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mountain Biker review I love this stuff for all my fretboards, except for unusually dirty ones.  If it is super grundgy, clean it with something stronger, than follow-up with this stuff.  Leaves the wood nourished and new looking without any greasy feel.  I usually apply it twice in a row and wipe clean each time. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ocean Blue review Works great - keeps all my fretboards looking great.  Even though I change strings frequently on my twelve (12) acoustic electric guitars this bottle will last forever.  I play hard for several hours almost every day and I'm always amazed at the &#34;crud&#34; that accumulates on the fretboards. (Guess I'll have to stop eating Cheetos while I'm playing - just kidding...) This oil breaks down the &#34;crud&#34; and restores the look of the fretboard to new condition.  No issues / no problems only positive things to say about the oil... overallrating 5   lineend
name Straydogger review I have quite a few guitars and I like to keep them clean and polished. This stuff is great for my fretboard and I use it every time I change the strings. overallrating 4   lineend
name Timothy Eastman review  Lemon has been known for quite some generations to be a good cleaning solvent because of its acidic nature and this certainly does the job. As the label warns: do NOT to use on Maple-wood frets (mostly Fender strats) due to the softer & lighter quality. It is only for the harder, darker woods like mahogany (which I have) or ebony (high quality - i.e. expensive - used best for fretless). The solution is perfect, but the applicator (attached to the neck of the bottle) could be better. I would rather take the neck applicator out and apply lightly using a 100% cotton cloth.This solution has been made specifically for use on guitars, though I think you could find a similar lemon oil cleaner cheaper at local stores. It's only 4-oz, but what little is used each time, this bottle should last the guitar owner his/her life. overallrating 4   lineend
name Wayne M. Simpson review  This is a lemon oil used for cleaning and conditioning the rosewood fingerboards of guitars. This only gets done once a year on the average guitar, so if you're like me, this one bottle will supply you for many lifetimes. Other than that, it is what it is and does what it says. The applicator contains a dispensing valve so push down hard to open it when you want the oil to flow.The label says NOT to use this product on maple fingerboards. Doesn't say why, but my guess is it will discolor them, so be forewarned. overallrating 4   lineend
name David G review But the quality of the sound is not much more than a transistor radio.  There's a slight hiss too.  But I enjoyed listening to it while playing.  And when you attach the headphones it works great.  Amazine that it works off a 9v battery.  Yes, you have to lug around a guitar cord, but what do you expect.  I went all out and got a Roland Cube which should deliver a higher quality sound and has many sound effects.  But that costs 2x or more as much.  I am in the process of returning it.  Look at the picture of it next to a Coke can.  That's what it looks like.  Some people complained that the handle doesn't work.  Who cares.  The tweed on the speaker looks like a toy too.  But that's sort of what you're getting. overallrating 4   lineend
name Gordy Styles review for the price you can't really beat this little amp, the only down fall is that at full volume with the gain up, the little speaker gets kinda muddy, but for a bright clean tone it works well, the tone controle offers a well rounded array of tones and the gain is great from a blues to metal tone of gain.the headphones input just is handy when wanting to play into the wee hours of the morning without disturbing anybody, but with the headphones hooked up you can really hear the digital sound it makes... but for the money it's a great buy overallrating 4   lineend
name kay bhee review not bad, if you dont use any batteryand use a 9vdc adapter thingie...make sure thingie outputs at least500 mA if you can ...tried mic, bass, and electric guitar and keyboardsthru this thing...all workand the distortion control... mostlly notnecessary for me, but others will find thatcontrol  is use ful too...it is a cutie and works for fun,and u might get loudness around 90 dBA onsome frequencies...  not bad at all...even got a headphone connect on it forlate nite playing...a good thing. for the price it is worth... overallrating 3   lineend
name Pepper review This is a cool little amp. Sure it's really nothing to write home about but I like being able to take My Strat and just sit somewhere and jam without having to have a Generator to supply the power to conventional Amps. I wouldn't perform with it but great for personal use........ overallrating 5   lineend
name trishlink review I 'm obviously not a &#34;Techie&#34;.  I couldn't understand how my delightful, and so neat, little toy wouldn't work... until I found out that the battery was wrapped in cellophane - A-ha!To be fair I must explain that the battery was already installed in the tiny little amp when it arrived, so I didn't look too closely at it.  But of course when I couldn't get it to work for me, I soon discovered the problem.This product is the neatest, sweetest little delight for the eyes...and will astound you with it's capacity to roar out your music when turned up fully and respond immediately to your slightest touch on it's sweet little knobs to sound out your music from there and down to a whisper,  whenever you require it to.The sound from the speaker is as clear as a bell...no static at all...Truly an amazing little gadget... attractive, so portable and does the job of one twice, or more,  of it's size. overallrating 5   lineend
name Carlos & Gloria Guerra review This unit is well constructed.Switches and knobs feel sturdy.The user guide is informative.It has a wide tone range. I usually play a Hofner club bass and it sounds deep and clear.It is useful if you want to dial in a good sound and just leave it set. It doesn't have presets. You can loop an effects processor thru it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe Morris review I play bass in a lot of different environments, and I never know what to expect before I show up. If I am playing a venue where I can use my head and 4x12 combo I know I'll have great tone. If I am going direct into the board I am at the mercy of the house equipment and engineer. This unit gives me ;the ability to still go direct, but allows me to tweak the signal for maximum warmth. I suppose you could look at this like an effects stomp box but it is really so much more. if you play at church and are tired of hearing the life sucked out of your bass you should give this a try. I love it. overallrating 5   lineend
name M. LeFevers review DI bass is the worst. Just really, really awful. Every ordinary DI box I've tried yields this thin, cheap treble sound that does not present my bass in its most flattering light. So when I started playing live weekly, I just hauled my bass amp around to each gig, because it was out of the question that I would rely on a weird sounding DI box to carry the day.I live in Phoenix. I made it through about two months of lugging a monstrous bass amp across town in 115 degree weather before I decided there had to be another way.When I first got this pedal, I would run it parallel with the amp, terrified to rely entirely on this little box for my sound. After a few performances, I let go and left the amp at home. The Bass Attack pedal did not disappoint. Ever since, I just bring a bass and this pedal. Running straight into the board through this thing delivers a magnificently huge bass sound. I don't miss the amp at all.I did spend an entire evening the night this pedal arrived, just tweaking knobs until it was perfect. You'll want to dial in exactly the right sound for your bass, and some of the settings I tried were less than ideal for my instrument. But once I got it locked in, I've never touched the knobs again. I just plug in and everything sounds magical. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick from Westport, MA review I rated it at 5 stars because 5 stars means &#34;I Love it&#34; in Amazon's selection of things .  I do love it.  In fact I think it is better than my Sans Amp Bass DI which costs more.  Don't get me wrong, the Sans Amp is still great.  I just find this easier to dial in, it is durable and seems a bit more lively sounding than the previously mentioned preamp.  The only down side is that it doesn't come with an AC power adapter.  That isn't a problem for me since I have many power options on my pedal boards.  This takes the standard negative polarity center like Boss pedals.If you have been playing bass for a while, you know that no matter how good your bass rig is, you can make it better by putting a decent tone shaping booster in front of your amp...that being said............I am in my 50s and I play mostly guitar hero music like Robin Trower, SRV, Hendrix, Yes, Rush, and lots of blues and southern rock etc etc............. the fun old rock n roll stuff.Like the Sans Amp, putting this in front of any bass amp only makes the bass sound better. You can easily get the live Chris Squier or Geddy Lee sound. The older style full deep bass bluesy rock sound is simple.  The tone that I love to dial in is that old 3 piece rock band sound from years past. Think of Mel from Grand Funk Railroad or old James Gang in the Joe Walsh Days, Johnny winter, and the Cream........ that over driven cranked Ampeg or Fender tube bass amp sound that filled in exceptionally well in a 3 piece power band.I am running this into an Ampeg Bass combo and I have run it directly to the front of house sound system and the sound is fabulous.  Playing bass is a side gig for me since I am mainly a lead guitarist........  I let my bassist try it (he also uses a Sans Amp Bass DI at our gigs) and he immediately went online and purchased one.He is another cool use for this pedal.  If you are a guitarist, put it in front of your guitar amp.  The punch and power that you add to your sound is incredible.  Try it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Seventh-777 review This thing sounds great! I run two outputs from this into my DAW (Reaper), so that I can have a direct DI for reamping and the regular tone from the Hartke's preamp for an overall bass tone. The general sound of it is warm with plenty of low end, and the \"Shape\" control is pretty cool for adding a little bit of distortion/break-up for layering. It's easy to reamp with, so layering the unshaped Hartke tone + another track of shaped \"gritty\" tone can get you some seriously solid sounding bass tones in a mix - especially for higher gain metal playing.Awesome unit for the price, very happy with it. overallrating 5   lineend
name T. Cox review I'm using this as a DI box for recording. It does some compression, overdrive, EQ'ing, notch EQ'ing, and excite-ing all in one pedal. So compared to the original bass signal, you get this clear, deep, punchy sound that fits right into a mix.The Bass Attack sounds a lot like a SansAmp Bass Driver but at 1/3 the price. One difference is that it has an additional \"Shape\" knob, which is a lot like the ISF knob on Blackstar products, and is a notch filter. The other difference is that the SansAmp uses tougher chassis and components, so would last longer for the gigging musician. But don't take me wrong, the Bass Attack uses a solid metal chassis and doesn't feel cheap at all.The Harmonics knob adds some overdrive, and gets kind of farty when turned up 100% but sounds pretty good at 75-90%. It doesn't do that high gain super gritty/fizzy distortion though, for that you could connect a distortion pedal to the parallel output, or duplicate the track in your DAW and add a distortion plugin.This pedal is very versatile. I found that the Shape knob is indispensable; it takes the place of a mid control. For example, by notching (reducing) the boomy 60-130 Hz region and turning up the level, you get plenty more mids. The treble and bright control seem very similar to each other, one seems to amplify the 4k region, the other the 5k but that's just an estimate. By keeping both of those around 10 o'clock and the Shape control beneath 115 Hz, I can get a solid, deep, yet mid-full sound for a metal mix. Thus anyone who thinks this pedal is all bass and treble and no mids, ought to try settings along those lines.Another good feature is that this pedal can run on 48V phantom power. As in, no adapter or battery needed when recording direct or running to a mixer. In conclusion, for recording, you can duplicate the SansAmp sound that you hear on a lot of albums using the Bass Attack, and tweak it further via the Shape control. And yes, the various button pushes get you four different sounds total, but I prefer having both buttons on. Then in my DAW I only throw on an extra compressor and it sounds great. This pedal is a steal for no frills bass DI recording. overallrating 5   lineend
name b carney review Ernie Ball makes extremely durable products and has a very reputable name in the musician community.These strings are affordable and last a VERY long time on someones guitar during normal use.You will not be disappointed in this product.They sound VERY clean and bright and if you use a product like GHS Fast Fret after playing the strings last twice as long and stay clear and bright longer.They do have a coating that will wear a small amount and turn black under the strings if you fail to clean them properly. overallrating 4   lineend
name j flavors review These Strings sell for about half the price than the store, so it worth the effort and wait to order these from Amazon.The strings came very quickly and are of very good quality. overallrating 4   lineend
name jimrenfroe review These were great. I can't brag on them enough. I AM however an electric gitty player primarily. I just use an acoustic when on trips and for couch songwriting. overallrating 5   lineend
name Patrick Elhoffer review I use these strings on my practice guitar because the smaller strings are easier on my fingers. I can play all day without my fingers hurting and they still sound good. overallrating 5   lineend
name RON IN USA review  I normally buy D'Addario Strings here. I buy the  11 or  12 strings.  This is my first time playing Ernie Ball since I first began learning.  When I first started on guitar I put  09 electric Ernie Ball on my acoustic so I could handle the pain and keep learning.  Then I went to D'Addario strings.  I wanted to try these since the under $5 price is good.They sound nice.  They don't sound as crisp as the D'Addario strings. They sound more mellow and not as BOLD.  They are 80/20 and I prefer those to the other strings out there.  I can't say I love them or I hate them.  I will probably stick with D'Addario since I don't find any difference in them.  I bought some other Ernie Ball strings on Amazon that I will try soon. For the price I would buy these strings at least once to test out and see how you feel about them.  I don't think they sound bad and if they do, it did not cost much to test them.  enjoy overallrating 4   lineend
name UncleHammy review  I have used Ernie Ball strings on my Les Paul for quite a while, Slinkys mostly.  I recently bought a Yamaha FG700S and quickly found that the high E string had a very \"tinny\" tone.  I searched the net to see if this was comon with this model, alas I found that it is.So I decided to try some different strings to see if it would help.  I ordered a set of Earthwood Lights and installed them last night.Wow, what a difference.  First the tone is much softer on the E string, second the action feels much more comfortable on strings 1 thru 3.  The strings that came on the guitar were Yamaha light strings but they were very stiff, especially the B string.  After a hour of playing with the Earthwood strings last night they were much more enjoyable, both tonally and physically.  Not sure how they will last, time will tell.Good strings I would recommend them. overallrating 4   lineend
name Audie review To all heavy music guitarist, I highly recommend this one! Try a set of this and you will feel like a rock star! overallrating 5   lineend
name Christian Farrar review  I got a pair of these strings in early august, i still have them, but being as doubtful as i am, i just bought an extra pair from this seller ( who shipped amazingly fast, it got here in about 3 days!)any ways, the strings stay bright for a long time, don't/have not lost there color yet/rusted (after a little more than four months)and they are everything a guitar player looks for in strings. i do a lot of string bends and these have just held up to it. I have a B.C Rich SOB Avenge, so i can't tell you what its like with a tremolo, but i just like them. I have tried out GHS, First act, Dunlop, and D'addario's and these are the only ones that have last for so long with out showing any signs of significant wear. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gordy Styles review I love these strings, they never stop amazing me! ... wether you use them for electric or acoustic they always work well, clean bright tones and heavy riff giving, these strings last and work well.. I've never tried another type of strings and I don't think I will overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Miller review  Great strings. They last longer than some of the others and easy to re-string the guitarother brands do not seem to stand up to Ernie Balls overallrating 5   lineend
name Straydogger review I almost always use Ernie Ball strings on my electric guitars. I've been using them for 30 years and never have been let down by the quality and sound. overallrating 4   lineend
name StudioDude review At one point I had a strong hatred for these strings on my strat, but then I smartened up, worked my calluses to the point where I could probably play 13-62's tuned to E with no trouble, and realized that these strings worked great for my strat, because of the strong tone that these provide, and ease of bending on the upper frets. These strings also are good for Les Pauls, where the scale length is shorter than the Fender guitars, making bending like velvet. overallrating 5   lineend
name zj review For the price they are awesome strings.... I like the sound(I like a little heavier sound), and I'm hoping the high E will hold up a little longer than the lower gauge &#34;its always the first to go&#34;. You cant beat the price on amazon I paid 9.50 at my music store but I needed strings ASAP, I will order back ups at this price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  These perform well on single coils, specifically Telecasters.  Right now I switch back and forth between Power and Beefy, with Fenders being my next choice followed by D'Addario. overallrating 4   lineend
name Brandon K. Rush review I've used all sorts of strings over the years, and generally aim for GHS strings. However, these Power Slinky strings are great. I've not broken one yet, and the 11-48 is a good gauge. Heavy, powerful, and they sound nice and soulful when played. I may become a lifelong Ernie Ball user after using these strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name chapopot! review I replaced the strings on my electric and tuned it. . . once.normally, after tuning new strings for the first time, I break them in by rigorously bending them, using the whammy bar and tugging on them then I re-tune them. I rinse and repeat until the tuning stays. not with these strings. tuned them once, no breaking in.it sounds amazing on clean; on its own without any effects, and the natural sustain is great. they also sound good with any settings I use.i bought two sets. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cheri review I bought these nickel wound guitar strings for my son. He says thses strings are strong and durable and projects a good sound quality. I purchase these strings a lot for my son...you can't beat the price for these quality guitar strings. An added plus...they're made in the USA. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dan Edman review The string are easy to play and sound great. There is a reason they are used by so many professionals. overallrating 5   lineend
name David W review  Admittedly, I don't use these on my high end stuff, I use these on my cheap axes to bang on.  Why?  The are strong, durable, and sound good.  The tone isn't as pure as some other strings on the market but for the cost, they do the job.  The really good strings I typically have to change often, as I like a light string.These hold up well, taking a good bend and beating.If you have a teenager who isn't light with the pick, or if you have something you tend to get very aggressive with, these are perfect..5 stars for what they are. overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald E. Cooper review  I definitely enjoy these and I highly recommend them! They are used by other artists that approve of them! Slash from Guns n' Roses uses them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Igneous review i been using these for over thirty years and they have always served me well.I like 11s because for me it has a nice balance between strong steady sounding power chords while the top end is slinky enough to play leads hence the Power Slinky name. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kodack review They were a little too much for the Squier Bullet I put them on, even with the truss rod maxed out they bowed the neck.While I had em on though they played well and bent relatively easy for their thickness. More metal moving over a guitar pickup = hotter sound, more gain, and on a Stratocaster more glass and bell like tones.I've used Ernie Ball's Slinky line of strings almost exclusively for decades. They never break, they stay in tune after stretching, and they sound great. Lots of harmonics make for a textured and musical sound.Fun fact: Get yourself a mandrel for sizing rings and you can turn your old guitar strings into custom made jewlery. There is something to be said for giving a pretty ring that used to make a pretty sound RINGing out of your amplifier. :) A little silver lead free solder to hold several windings together and then buffed and they look excellent. :) overallrating 5   lineend
name Marktwain10 review  I have tried a few types of strings on my p90 Epiphone Les Paul, and I find these Ernie Ball Power slinky 11's to have a lot of power and punch to them, as advertised, and give me the nice tone I was looking for. The power and thick sound is due to these strings being a heavier gauge than the strings that usually come with a guitar. It will take a little more finger strength to play these but it is worth getting used to. These strings work well with the many different types of rock I play, and will work even fine with drop c tuning. They have also been as durable as strings get and do not lose their tone for quite some time. I prefer these power slinkys over D'addario xl 10's, over regular slinky 10's (which I used to like until I tried these), and even prefer them over the more expensive full nickel Rock 'n roll slinky 10's which surprisingly sounded boring when compared to the energy the power slinkys give you. I would say the power slinkys give off a sufficiently bright sound, but not excessively bright, and I would recommend them to anyone thinking about giving them a try. overallrating 5   lineend
name StudioDude review These strings have a powerful tone for lead work, however they're not on the bendy side, which is great for rhythm work. The tone you get from these is punchy, powerful, and great for rhythm. If you need an overall great set of strings, get these. You won't regret it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tatiana Montenegro review worked for me. Got no complaints over these. Very smooth and lasted me a while. Love Ernie Ball strings, they are the only ones I get overallrating 5   lineend
name Ana Pendragon review These sound good on my electrics. The best sound I got was on my LP. Good sustain and strings are staying in tune well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Basil review its good but not fitting my requirement, but its extremely recommend it for beginners because it is very easy to play and bend.. but for me as a reggae rhythm guitar its not good and not warm enough and i have one point on the G string specially if you want to lead and solo whenever you start bending you will notice how annoying its because its hard to keep in tune while bending if you used to medium G size overallrating 4   lineend
name cassandra tu review  This is my first time using a hybrid mix and ti does take some getting used to but I enjoy the heavier bass sounds it provides while maintain easy to bend higher strings. Installed with no problems, plays pretty well so far. It stays in tune pretty well, it's still the first day and the pitch is holding well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cesar Augusto Soto Caballero review After using D'Addario strings I've try to Ernie Ball strings. I have ten years ago with Ernie Ball strings and let me tell you that it's the best strings. In comparison with Regular Slinky, this strings have a little heavy powerfull sound for funk, clasical rock and indie sound. I have an Stratocaster and let me tell you that sound balance being hybrid gives much versatility to play different genres. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dr. Freud review these strings are different and really quite nice.  the high strings are thinner and thus much easier to play and bend.  the lower strings retain the depth and sound of my usual strings.  I really like them.  only possible difficulty is that high E etc might tend to break a little quicker due to being a thinner string.  I have a bunch of these on hand for my  strat and my Epiphone as well the standard Earnie Balls overallrating 5   lineend
name F. L. Hall review  s In One "unixReviewTime": 1349481600, "reviewTime": "10 6, 2012"}
name Josh Leger review I lke these strings very much. They bend quite a bit and are very easy to use. However, they tend to come untuned because they're so susceptible to temperature and humidity. overallrating 4   lineend
name Parabola review Alright strings. Nothing too spectacular about them.  I'm a fan of beefier lows and thinner highs but at the end of the day they're still slinks. overallrating 3   lineend
name Review Man review  I bought these to beef up the bottom end of a Telecaster that came from the factory with a set of Fender 9's that topped out at  42 on the low E, which is just too small for good twangy bass.  I've been using them for a few months now and haven't broken one even though I can bend the high E to touch the D string.  I use D'Addarios on my other guitars but tried these Ernie Balls just for the hybrid mix and there isn't a whole lot of difference.  D'Addario sells a similar set called EXL125 so maybe I'll try those next but for now these are good. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Luhring review I've always used Ernie Ball strings. I've tried others &  always go back to Ernie Balls. They sound & feel great.  Bend 'em! overallrating 5   lineend
name Tatiana Montenegro review the only strings I get are Ernie Ball strings. Really reliable, great sound, got no complaints here really. Ernie Ball knows how to do strings overallrating 5   lineend
name B review If you are looking to walk around while you play your guitar, then you might want to look into something longer. As a spare cable to play at home though, it's pretty good. overallrating 5   lineend
name David G review There's another brand out there that is almost identical in construction and quality and costs less.  Don't buy the high rated chrome capped one's, I had problems with those.  This one is good just that I regret paying so much for it. overallrating 4   lineend
name D. Brandfas review  It's a guitar cable.  It works.  It appears to be well made and durable.  There is no noise or hum. It works and I like. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ed review I finally bought into the Monster Cable hype; albeit with a 6' practice cable. I CAN honestly tell a difference. That difference being silence; no abnormal hissing or popping that I got from my other, cheaper cables. This isn't the top-of-the-line Monster, but still a step up from what I'd been using. I'll definitely upgrade my longer cables to Monster, and may even see how the expensive one sounds (a short one 1st, of course!). overallrating 4   lineend
name Gordy Styles review I gave it a 5 star because monster cables come with a life time warranty depending on how it breaks, but this 6ft cord is taller than i am which means it's about 6' 2&#34; tall... it's a great product for the money exspecially if it's just being used for a late night practice with a small amp or for a pedal connection into your amp, it's short and sturdy enough to take the roughest beatings and still keep working overallrating 5   lineend
name MildCritter review  Monster Standard instrument cable is amazingly good for the price. It's flexible (unlike some of their more expensive cable), quiet, solid, and durable. It's much more transparent to tone than many other more expensive cables. For the money, it's really hard to beat. I won't waste money on the more expensive cables again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Salik ali review  these are great cables but i gave it a four because i after playing the cheap rotosound cables i learned they are just as good and are only 3 bucks. still a great cable and these sound slightly better than rotosound but thats if you are super observant because their isnt much of a difference. overallrating 4   lineend
name Samuel Chell review I'm a keyboard player, and in the past I had been spending $40-$60 for Monster's \"delegated\" keyboard cables.  But suddenly one shorted out on me after only several months use, causing me to question the \"Monster mystique.\"  I began to compare the Monster keyboard cables with cheap, \"off-brand\" guitar cables and couldn't hear any difference.  No question it's a well-made, trustworthy (but not indestructible or infallible) cable, but I'm no longer committed to it at any price.  However, at Amazon's current \"value\" price for this particular Monster cable, it's a no-brainer.  Moreover, I no longer have hesitations about purchasing a cable that doesn't say \"piano\" or \"keyboard\" on it.  (One of my Monster keyboard cables even came with one end designated for the amp and the other for the instrument--but it was hard to see which was which in a dimly lit club.)As for length, 6 feet is ideal if you're playing through your own amp (my preference).  If you're plugging into a board or P.A. system, you'll want anywhere from 12 feet to 25 feet. overallrating 5   lineend
name Skyler Smith review It's made by monster cable. Need I say more? Of course it's a great cable, and being able to change the rubber band on the ends is nice to identify which cable is which. overallrating 5   lineend
name victormanuel3007 review This cable Works fine, i'm going to buy a pair in January 2013. I used it live and they are really great, durable and it feel's pro. Try one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Z.W.T. review Great cable for patching in and rocking out. It is also low noise and very suitable for recording as well. 100% Recommend to anyone looking for a good quality (without an over the top price) cable!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Aaron Madden review My daughter has been using these strings for many years now and they work great. Excellent price and product is as described and price was right. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amber review It was recomended that I get new strings when I bought my violin and these worked great. They are steel coiled so they were fine with my electric violin but did take some time to stretch a bit to hold a tuning which was a bit discouraging at first. They've been great since. overallrating 5   lineend
name David Burch review This string set offers typical D'Addario quality and value. I use D'Addario strings on all my guitars, mandos and my ancient old fiddle. overallrating 5   lineend
name happypup review I prefer Shar's Overture premieres which are the same price.  These ones are a little too &#34;bright&#34; in sound and not deep or resonant enough.  Also bear in mind these are not dominants which are clearly far superior - but for which you would be paying $50 a set. overallrating 3   lineend
name Igor B. review D'Addario Prelude Violin String Set, 4/4 Scale, Medium Tension is good deal for beginners. It's good enough, not expensive. Try it till you ready to by more expensive string. overallrating 5   lineend
name James Tunnicliffe review These are a good value for quality strings.Strings stayed in tune after about two hours of settling in.I'm very satisfied. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jerry E. Semler review I would recommend the D'Addario Prelude violin string set to anyone who want to use wire-wound strings.  They are durable and have a nice tone. overallrating 5   lineend
name Just Visiting review Um, if you're looking for budget violin strings, then you probably aren't playing principle violin in the New York Philharmonic. Me neither. I'm an abhorrent violinist, but I teach Mariachi Band to elementary school students. On my el cheapo violin, these strings sound quite nice. I would give them 5 stars, but I think that would be overselling them a bit. They're fine. If you're looking for 5 star strings, you're going to have to pay more-and ask someone who plays better than I do to review them for you. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael review awesome cheap repalcement string i would recommend them to anyone who doesnt want to spend 50 bucks on high quality strings overallrating 5   lineend
name AF review  I play guitar.  I bought one each of the various thicknesses of these picks a few years ago.  They're very interesting.  These are soft rubber with a little bit of give, so they really soften your attack and cut higher frequencies, similar to using your thumb, but not exactly.  I still pull one of these out every once in awhile.  In certain applications, getting a particular sound for a song, say, these could be exactly what you're looking for.  Overall these are well made, and the ones I bought will probably last me forever, but these would never work for me as a main pick.  I'm glad I tried them though, as I have nothing else remotely like them. overallrating 3   lineend
name brien patterson review My fiancee tried it out and kept one of the three that was bought. So I guess she loves it as that is the only pick I've now seen her use. [She has been playing for over 35yrs] overallrating 4   lineend
name David Aric Jones review I love that these eliminate pick noise, but don't expect to use these on your electric guitar--they're simply too fat at 3.11mm.  They work well on bass and acoustic, however.  Don't go with the 'Soft' version--they have too much give and tend to stick to your strings and leave you without a pick. overallrating 5   lineend
name frank arcidiacona review I think i am going to use these sometimes on the bass ,only found one pick that actaully feels right. overallrating 4   lineend
name J. Edgar Mihelic review  Saves your thumb on the strum;grips nicely in your fingers but not on the strings;A Totem of Rock and Roll in your grip. overallrating 4   lineend
name KP review I purchased these to use with my mandolin. They are ok.  I personally prefer a little stiffer pick, but my kids have been using them with their Uke's so all in all not a bad purchase. overallrating 4   lineend
name Playgolfandtennis review This is the 5th bass pick that I have tried, and finally this works great.  It does not slide out your hand and has a soft tip with a nice sound. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rolf J Craven review I am a converted guitar player and I like playing with a pick.  I like that sharp thwack sound.  But the tone can be a little harsh, so I got these.  They are much quieter than a hard pick but the tone is not the same as bare fingers.  For me, they were a waste of money. overallrating 3   lineend
name Seph review   Update 9/7/12  Ok I've been using these for a few weeks now, and I have to say I keep going back to them. They make the notes sound like bells. It's holding up better than I expected (I am a relatively soft player) and I'm adjusting to the 'stickiness' mentioned below. I am liking these more and more as time goes by. Glad I tried these!  Original Review  Recently I got the itch to try different 'unique' picks... these, the dunlop primetones, felt picks, metal picks, etc. I get annoyed by the plastic clicking sound from regular thin picks.These are interesting. They perform quietly and give a more mellow tone. They do however stick to the strings and it becomes difficult to use them, will need some getting used to. I wish I had ordered the hard version rather than the medium, as these are a bit softer than I was hoping.Probably won't be a daily driver, but interesting none the less. overallrating 4   lineend
name Will Ramirez review The best part of this pick is that it is easier on my strings, it still gives the pick tone, but seems to do less damage. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I usually play my Jazz Bass fingerstyle, but there are songs where I prefer a pick, especially when I need speed and accuracy. Until I found the hard Wedgie rubber pick, I used a heavy Fender pick, but didn't like the sharp pick sound very much.I bought a set of soft, medium and hard Wedgie picks to try out and I'm really happy with the results. I greatly prefer the soft Wedgie on the Uke, I like the medium on my nylon string guitar and the hard Wedgie's really nice for my Jazz Bass. I still use hard plastic picks for my electric and steel string acoustic guitars, but the Wedgie's are fantastic for when I need a more fingerlike sound on the other instruments. I prefer the 3.1mm wedgie picks since the 5mm picks feel a bit too thick for my tastes, but that's entirely subjective.I'd love to see a slightly larger version of the pick someday, but it still works very well for me. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Hood review  not my style but they work ok. thought i would give them a try. shipping was quick and i know a lot of players that like them just not for me overallrating 3   lineend
name E. D. Garcia review  Playing an acoustic ukulele with all nylon strings, I've preferred just to strum using my fingers because \"traditional\" plastic picks are just too harsh and loud.  Even felt picks are too harsh (not to mention the dust/shedding they do).The Wedgie is EXACTLY what I've been looking for. Harder than my thumb, softer than plastic or felt, the 3.1mm Hard Rubber Wedgie is the Goldilocks pick; right in the butter zone.I tried the \"Soft\" and \"Medium\" Wedgies, but both were just too soft.  The Soft Wedgie over-grabs the strings and winds up dragging and producing a dull tone.  The Medium is better, but is still too dull and the action is a bit too soft.But the Hard Wedgie is the clear winner.  I get great volume and tone without the harsh twang of plastic on nylon strings.The only negatives I've found are:1. They can leave skid marks on your pick guard.  No big deal, as it wipes right off.2. They break down faster than I'd like.  Of course, that could just be my expectations.Still, if you're looking a softer-than-plastic pick, this is the one to get. No pick noise, just strings. I couldn't be happier. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hayden review I bought one of each Soft, Medium and Hard Wedgie rubber picks and even though the colours were right, the Hard is as soft as the Soft. They felt exactly the same in fact. The Medium was the hardest out of the bunch.Packaging error? I have no idea. The fact that each stiffness only comes in one colour and the colours were right lead me to think something is wrong with the manufacturing. So check with what you get.Sound wise, the rubber really removes the treble on my acoustic guitar, making it sound really dull and muted.There is a lot more friction from the rubber on the strings that I do not think it is idea for strumming.The only reason I can think of using is if you want to reduce the noise but frankly, you would have much more control if you used your fingers instead. overallrating 1   lineend
name Michael A. Rammel review  s I read stated that these were like rigid picks, but no they are not. Too bad as i had high hopes.Good picks if you don't have to tremolo pick, not very good if do have to. overallrating 2   lineend
name Surferofromantica review  s carefully - it's definitely something different, but not sturdy at all, rubber bits come off as you strum, and there are complaints of skid marks on strings and fingers. Ouch! I'm much happier with my Friday the 13th glow-in-the-dark picks - that is an experiment that worked!And who cares about hard pick sounds anyway? If you want something that sounds like your fingers strumming, why don't you use&#8230; your fingers? overallrating 2   lineend
name theRangel review  This is a fun pick.  I play a lot with my fingers and thumb and thought I'd give this a try.  Its great!  I love the tone of this pick striking strings.  I love the way it transmits the feel of the strings.  More organic than plastic picks.  Yes it might crumble on you if you play too hard.  I think if you play as hard with this pick as you would with your thumb you'll be fine.  Its a lot of fun and for such a little price can open your playing to different tones for your instrument.  Worth a try. overallrating 5   lineend
name AF review  I've tried all 3 types of these, and they're pretty much as-advertised.  I don't really find a huge difference in tone between the relative hardnesses of the rubber, but it is there to a small degree.  To me these are too dull sounding for an acoustic.  Well, they don't sound bad, but if you then switch to a normal pick you'll notice the upper and upper-mid harmonics that are being de-emphasized by the duller attack.  It doesn't sound bad, and in certain applications it would be fine. I wouldn't want it to be my everyday acoustic tone, though.THey fare much better with electric guitar, where the difference in attack can be less notable, but you'll still notice the loss of some \"sparkle\".  But for the most part I found the sound very agreeable and useable.  The pick tends to catch on the strings a bit - there's more friction, of course - but it's just something to get used to.The bottom line:  I like these, and they'll probably last me almost forever, but I don't really see them becoming my go-to picks.  I like the thickness and the feel (they won't slip out of your hand while playing) but the loss in high end is just enough that I don't think I want to limit myself in that way, except for certain situations.  I tend to switch back and forth between a pick and fingers anyway, so I already get a sound similar to this by using my fingers.  Worth a try, though, and you just might find a keeper if you need to tame an amp or guitar that's just a bit too bright.  You know, at higher volumes, too, it's easy for the high frequencies to be emphasized, and these might work better in a live setting where you've got your amp cranked up. overallrating 3   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I usually just use my fingers to strum my tenor uke, but there are songs where a pick is more appropriate. I used to have an old felt pick made back in the 1940s, but it disintegrated over time and the newer felt picks I've found just don't feel the same.I bought a set of soft, medium and hard Wedgie picks to try out and I'm really happy with the results. I greatly prefer the soft Wedgie on the Uke, I like the medium on my nylon string guitar and the hard Wedgie's really nice for my Jazz Bass. I still use hard plastic picks for my electric and steel string acoustic guitars, but the Wedgie's are fantastic for when I need a more fingerlike sound on the other instruments.I'd love to see a slightly larger version of the pick someday, but it still works very well for me. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cyrus Cathey review  This is a great pick for all those that use picks, but need a softer sound occasionally.  Much easier than getting your fingers all tangled up.  The only negative is the way they seem to be packed here.  They come in three colors and the colors stand for soft, medium, hard.  They also come in 3 and 5mm which is the size of the grip thickness (where you grip the pick.)  The white is soft, the medium grey is medium, and the dark grey is hard.  I use the white and medium grey in 3.1mm and find that easy to adjust too.  They are soft and they do wear fairly quickly, but you just keep playing them or do a little cutting to sharpen them back up.  You get a nice soft tone and, just like using any other plectrum, you develop a picking style to get various tones (double bass, acoustic, finger style, etc.  I use the soft picks for a smooth tone, and the medium pick for a deep jazzy sound (think Motown.)  I never leave home without at least three of each in my gig bag.For a real trip, if you are able to finger pick, try out the Jam Cat pick holder sold here.  It is so easy to switch from finger to pick in an instant and it is always there when you need to rock it up a bit. overallrating 4   lineend
name David Aric Jones review I like the medium version of these picks a lot, & I just ordered some hard ones at the 3.1mm thickness--which is pretty thick, by the way.  So only plan on using these on basses and acoustic guitars unless your electric has an unusually wide neck and heavy strings.  These soft ones have too much give in my opinion, which makes them more difficult to handle--it's great that they eliminate pick noise, but these softer ones want to cling to the strings and require the player to make too many adjustments.  My verdict:  go with medium or hard version. overallrating 3   lineend
name John Ferrell review It's a great pick for a soft sound, I wouldn't use it for aggressive  work, but for slow ballads  it's great. overallrating 5   lineend
name LBrandst129 review  Bought these because I thought they'd be a nice alternative to a plastic or nylon pick for use on my ukulele when I want a different sound than finger picking and strumming can produce.  They give a great tone without hearing the pick strike the string, and they don't wear down the strings and I actually use them on occasion for my 3/4 steel string acoustic guitar when I want a nice mellow tone.  The only negative is that because of being rubber, they &#34;stick&#34; to the strings, so they aren't great for quick strumming, which I wish they were. overallrating 4   lineend
name L. Dustin review First time for a  soft wedgie......pick that is (I did have an older brother : ) ). I used it on my new ukulele and sounds and feels great. Very good price and looks like they will last awhile.I highly recommend they for you to try, if you don't like they you can give a fellow musian a &#34;soft wedgie&#34; which they just may like. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Livote review  I like these picks for use with my ukulele, it makes strumming a lot easier on these old hands of mine. It sounds exactly like the sound you make while strumming with your fingers, and they seem to be sturdy enough to last awhile. A worthwhile buy for tired fingers :-) overallrating 5   lineend
name Sean P. Owens review  I purchased a 3 pack of the soft rubber wedgie's as an add-on to a larger order. As such, I found them to be a reasonable value. However, I'm not sure how long these will last on my steel string acoustic. I think these picks would be fantastic for classical or any other nylon string guitar or \"uke\". They are very grippy and have a slight concavity to them on one side for additional comfort.I love the very soft warm sound they provide. I use them mostly late at night when I can't sleep and want to play, but the rest of the family is still sleeping. Not quite as effective on the E, A, and D steel strings but certainly playable. Not so great for strumming, but fun to pick individual chords. Thanks.SPO overallrating 4   lineend
name Walter S. Early review  These picks do cut pick noise but with an acoustic guitar they wear very rapidly and leave a rubbery residue all over my guitar. I don't like the thought of what damage that stuff would do over time to the inside of my guitar with that stuff getting all over my pickups, etc. Big disappointment. I'm getting a lot of high string in my guitar sound and thought these picks might solve the problem. Back to the drawing board I go. overallrating 1   lineend
name Amazon Customer review My partner won't put a pickup in his guitar and I get tires of luggin' an amp around (along with the rest of the sys) so this does the trick. Clip on the boom stand, stick a SM 57 on it and an SM 58 to sing in and your set. Holds tight. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeffrey A. Hawkins review  The one I got did not have very much of the neon yellow rubber thing on the tip of the screw. I feel like if I tighten it too much, I could dent my mic stand tube. But I haven't dented anything yet, so perhaps I'm just too skeptical. In any event, it seems like a better design might make it easier to get attachments tightened down and facing the right direction. But everything works. It's getting the job done and I haven't seen a better option. All in all, a pretty good device. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  I use this to mount to hi-hat or cymbal stands, as well as on mic stands. See my customer-supplied photos at the top of the page for examples.One thing I love about this extension bar is it will fit over the relatively large diameter down tubes on my hi-hat stands. I use anOn Stage Microphone 13-inch Gooseneck, Blackto connect to the bar, then I attach either aNady DM70 Drum and Instrument Microphoneor DM80 microphone. The bar-gooseneck arrangement is sturdy enough for that mic model.This also works well for mounting on microphone stands. I use it and a shorter gooseneck to mount the DM70 for tenor and alto saxophones, or a DM80 for baritones. Again, it works perfectly for my situations.I always keep a few of these, plus various size goosenecks, just in case I need to mount an additional microphone and I am short on stands. It's one more tool to make set up less stressful. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul D Ford review I use to mount a portable digital recorder onto the side of a mic stand. Very stable clamp mechanism, works very well. Price is good. Nice to have in your gadget bag. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sam Beckett review I have a crowded rig already and the las thing I wanted was another mic stand.  I already have a straight stand with a Shure SH55 mounted on it as a talkback to call tunes to my band members.  I wanted to eliminate my wireless sax mic, as I was using it infrequently, and decided to mount a Heil Fin on this extension arm on the same stand as the talkback.  Nice and stable - no issues - works perfectly. overallrating 5   lineend
name SRR review   on the music stand. That comes with a solid extension arm... overallrating 2   lineend
name Vivid review OK, it was cheap (nine bucks at the time), the design looked good and sensible, and it seemed a perfect solution to a real need. I bought it without hesitation. HOWEVER(!), once hooked up, I was very surprised how flimsy it is. I have a 13\" gooseneck, a light condenser mic and small shock-mount on it. At the slightest movement of the mic stand this attachment flaps up and down like crazy and will continue this way for a something like a minute if not stopped by hand. Obviously, any small bump into the stand will once again set this off. Using it at home, I've gotten away with not touching the stand while recording by being very careful, but obviously this unit is far from ideal. Since then, I've gotten another sidemount boom from this same brand, and though I haven't really put through its paces yet, this other unit is rock solid and far more adjustable and reliable, AND only costs a few bucks more (On Stage MSA9508 Posi-Lok Sidemount Boom). For anyone considering this product, I HIGHLY recommend bypassing this one and forking out just a few more bucks for the On Stage MSA9508 Posi-Lok Sidemount Boom. You will be far far happier.Cheers! overallrating 1   lineend
name Anne Brody review These things grab the mic and won't let go. They are worth the extra cost. Buy them if you hate worrying about your mics slipping. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian Damage review Sturdy mic clip on a budget. Mic fits snugly into the clip, allowing the rage to commence. Will purchase more as needed. overallrating 5   lineend
name David G. Beneke review It does what it is suppose to, cut vibration and well I might add. Much better than a standard clip on a mic. This one is not going to break if you take the mic on and off, since it's rubber. If it does break, has a lifetime warranty. Had a Shure SM58 on a table, on a stand in this clip, pounded on the table, only picked up the tap sound my hand has making, and no sub harmonics vibrating though the table. Moved the mic off axis, pounded again, absolutely no noise. Can't ask for more than that. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ian Shillington review  I've had many Mic Holders, and this one is by far the very best.  It does it all and is tougher than nails.  Sincerely, Doc overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Lin review  I was upset when I bought the mic stand and didn't know the clip didn't come with it.So I had to order a clip later.Nevertheless, It has good design to dampen the shocks.It is also rubber in construction so it won't crack like the other low quality clips.It is a bit big for the cabled mics (so you have to insert it deeper to hold it snag), but for wireless mics, it is good.I would recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Qian review It is a nice clip, works for my mics.I don't like the soft opening. It makes you not easy to put back the mics. overallrating 4   lineend
name Sessue review I purchased this for use with a Sennheiser E825-S microphone and the bestselling On Stage boom microphone stand. The mount has exceeded my expectations. The fit for the stand is perfect, with the mount pivoted so that the mike can be adjusted up or down. The part actually holding the mike is flexible and rubbery, making it very easy to slide the mike and its cord in and out. A screw tightens te pivot if this needs to be fixed more firmly in place. All in all, a very worthwhile and economical purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian Tassina review  It is exactly as represented. It does a fine job. I have used it in recording live band practice sessions. I would if necessary purchase this item again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lee review This is another adapter that I rarely use and now that I have a digital mixer I am not sure if I will ever get much use out of them with my rig. Traveling about to use some other rig though you never know what you might run into so I plan on keeping these little artifacts for a while longer. overallrating 3   lineend
name Rob W. review  You can't have too many adapters if you are a sound guy. This handy gadget converts a balanced or unbalanced mic cable to an unbalanced 1/4\" jack. Simple and it works. I've got a couple in my kit and they do what they say and come in handy when working with unknown equipment. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rytetone review I didn't need anything high dollar so this was just what I needed.  Does have a cheaper feel than the other (much more expensive units I've used). overallrating 4   lineend
name Straydogger review These plugs are well made and serve the purpose they were intended for. If I buy more in the future I will be checking here first. overallrating 4   lineend
name Top Flite Golfer review  Took a while to find what I needed but this is what I needed!  Free shipping.  Exactly what I needed at a great price! overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayfinder review I notice mixed reviews here.  I suppose when an item sells for $2 instead of $20 there may be a potential for quality control issues.  But hey, buy 3 of them and if even one turns out to be bad, you're still way ahead on the deal.  Seems to me as good as any connector I've ever bought. overallrating 5   lineend
name Aaron Taylor review these have worked great when I've needed to have 1/4 input vs the xlr......especially when I bust out the old Tascam 4 track cassette...some times I like recording drums analog versus digital or other instruments overallrating 5   lineend
name Fancy review This works just as stated.  Now I can plug my mic in either way,  and it gives me more versitility overallrating 5   lineend
name frank arcidiacona review Works well and it's clean no noise, i'm starting to find out even if the price is low it does'nt mean it's not good. overallrating 4   lineend
name fretter review Whats not to  love, inexpensive, and does it's job....After reading some of the rather poor reviews, I checked it out for  signs of poor quality or workmanship... Only thing I found was that  the pin rockrd a bit... there were three screws in the body that I used a screwdiriver to tighten up.. .I suspect that complaints of falling apart could have been from missing or loose screws... Not much of a chore. I did back out the screws a bit and added a drop of clear nail polish on the threads for some insurance that it would not loosen up...Anyway, that is the view from where I sit...Just got it and used it, I will add to the post if things turn bad.. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joseph F. Bierley review Works great, no issues. Bought this to adapt the mike plug to 1/4\" jack so the mike can plug into a regular amp for the grandkids to \"karaoke\" with. overallrating 5   lineend
name Keane O'Kelley review Useful for connecting mics to a guitar amp or directly into a computer's mic jack. The 1/4\" side tends to become a bit loose after a while, not sure if it affects performance though. overallrating 4   lineend
name Lee review As the digital realm and the audio realm become one things like these will become increasingly rare. You will always find a place that does not keep up with the times though.That alone is a good enough reason to keep stuff like this around for now. overallrating 3   lineend
name Rob W. review  The Shure XLR Female to Male 1/4\" Adapter is simply another one of those fix it gadgets that a sound mixer has to have in his kit.I've got a bag of them and they work just like they are supposed to.Now this one as pictured is the mono version, which you would use to take a balanced or unbalanced mic down to an unbalanced 1/4\" jack. If you need to keep a balanced feed or if you are running stereo or two channel in a single cable, this adapter will not work for you. You'll need the TRS (tip, ring, sleeve) balanced version of this adapter. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sessue review I purchased this to interface the XLR plug on a Sennheiser E825-S mike with the input on guitar amplifiers. it seemed to work very well in this role. It was well-constructed, with all the connecting points working precisely and securely.Somewhat after the fact, I started worrying about whether I should have instead gotten an adapter with impedance matching capabilities. I'm hardly a professional technician in this area, but I did do enough research to figure out a good working answer: Lo-Z (low impedance) microphones (say, 1,000 ohms or less) generally do not have to be matched to solid-state amplifiers, which are likely to have Hi-Z (high impedance) inputs in the range of 10,000 ohms. These amplifiers ae generally designed to accommodate a 10:1 impedance ratio (load to source). I calculated the signal loss of such an arrangement in the range of 0.83 decibels, which is incidental.This corresponds to what my ears tell me: this adapter works just fine without impedance matching. I can't say for sure whether that also holds for tube amps but will update my review if I have a chance to find out.UPDATE: since I wrote my initial review, I have discovered that Pyle seems to have a problem securing its connectors properly with set screws. If you purchase this item, I suggest you have a micro-screwdriver set handy so you can tighten everything up before you discover to your chagrin that a loose set screw has gone missing or caused your connector to fall apart. overallrating 4   lineend
name Top Flite Golfer review  Anyone who works with PA and sound equipment needs these adapters.  For this price, you can't beat the item.  I've had no problems with the ones I've bought. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayfinder review I see mixed reviews here.  At this price, no telling what the quality control is like but as I wrote in another review on this type of item, you can buy 3 of these and if one fails, you're still ahead of the game.  They're so much less expensive than what one will typically find in a guitar or electronics store, well worth taking a chance.  Mine seems to be fine, doesn't look or feel flimsy at all.  I can't see any difference between this and what I buy in a retail package. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayne Stewart review  These little mic connectors are just what the doctor ordered, allowing me to spare wear and tear on my systems mic jacks; I simply unplug the cord from the adapter instead. And, they produce no audible hum into the circuit. They are unbalanced jacks, though (note the single black band at the end of the plug,) so if you need balanced jacks for your system (those with two black bands,) make sure you take that into account before ordering. By the way, I have both and there is no audible difference whether singing or recording. Just saying... overallrating 5   lineend
name Black Keys review This is a perfect compliment to my current set up. I needed a desktop stand for voice overs when my usual recording set up wouldn't do the trick. This stand is sturdy and worked perfectly. A great buy as the price was perfect as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian Damage review This is a really solid table mic stand, and you're not going to find a better price (I looked). The base is solid and heavy, and the actual stand is a sturdy metal tube. I liked the first one enough that I ordered a second. I should note, though, that it does not come with the pictured adapter for smaller mic clips, which I can imagine being disappointing even though it didn't affect me. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dapper Dan review This item really speaks for itself. It is a small microphone stand meant for use with a desktop. The base is nice and weighted, but not too heavy to be unwieldy. It's a solid piece that serves its purpose and offers convenience for anyone looking to place a microphone on their desk.I would recommend you grab a shock-mount with this if you don't already have one, as it transfers vibrations though the stand! But that is honestly to be expected. overallrating 4   lineend
name M. Lehr review  This stand works fine if you don't need a shock mount.  The base is wide and heavy enough to secure the mic well and defeat most vibrations.  I ran into trouble when trying to mount a R0DE NT2-A mic on a shock mount.  The low height (4 1/2\") - which would otherwise help stabilize the mic - left too little clearance between the mic and desktop.  If you think you might upgrade and someday use this stand with a shock mounted mic, you're better off buying the slightly more expensiveOn Stage DS7200B Adjustable Desk Microphone Stand, Black.BTW, my copy of this stand also did not have the 3/8 inch male thread. overallrating 4   lineend
name Rick Bennette review  If you find yourself in need of a desk mount for your microphone, this one works well. It is heavy enough to keep the microphone from tipping over, and the black anodized stem gives a subtle appearance on the desk. Having the microphone always plugged in, accessible on the desk and ready to go means I save much setup time for my voice-over work. overallrating 5   lineend
name Willie V. Hughes review This mic stand is solid and a good value, but it's a one trick pony. The picture that is currently featured at the top of the listing here is incorrect (the stand comes with 5/8&#34; threads and does not come with an adapter). Not a huge deal if you're using a standard mic clip.The height is about 4.5&#34; inches total and I'm using mine to mic a kick drum right at the port. If you plan on using the stand for an amp or to mic something on a podium or desktop, I'd highly recommend you check out the adjustable desktop mic stand from On Stage. I have one of those too, but it was too tall (even at it's shortest setting) to mic my drum port, but the adjustable height is very handy. overallrating 3   lineend
name dashreeve review I have two of these now, and they may be my favorite. Had another brand that stopped working and replaced with this. The other one was not \"bad\ i lasted probably 10 years. What else to say? It's a sustain pedal and it's a good price and free shipping in most cases. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dave review  This pedal is outstanding for the price.  The feel is great and it doesn't move at all when you put it down on the floor.  The only thing I disliked was that it doesn't support \"half dampening\" like most of the higher end pedals around this price range.I got this for Christmas of 2007 and it is still going strong used every day in my recording studio.Great product overallrating 4   lineend
name David G review Works great.  I have the same effect on my 49 Alesis midi keyboard as I do with my more expensive Yamaha keyboard which has a sustain pedal.  Chrome is great quality and it has good weight so it's not tinny. overallrating 5   lineend
name docpain review  ino...u wana buy one of those 9.99 cheap pedals from ebay n the likes right?...NOPE!...cause when yeh doits gonna flak out after about the 10th push you do on it!!! Listen to the Voice of Experience grrr....hahahthese pedals are frikn TANKS heavy duty all the way and have a polarity switch [and yeh there's alota keyboards out thereu gota have that perc...It's worth it...just suck it up n get the thing and if you still need a momentary dsp switch then buy the lil 9.99 jobbut only use it in life or death situations..hahah [they have a really cheap plastic switch thats destined to die no matter what..at least the previous 2 i bought did... ouch...  so is that like 20 hail mary's for that confession????....... overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Eguia review  Just got mine - fast shipping from amazon thank you :)It has a great weight to it very similar to a real piano.  I was a little lost when i plugged it into my Yamaha S90ES - similar to the newer versionYamaha S90XS 88-key Balanced Weighted Hammer Action synth(I SHOULD OF READ THE DIRECTIONS ON THE BOX)  - the polarity needed to be changed on the pedal found on the back!woops - i was in constant sustain there for a minute - scared me that my pedal was broken.anyways it instantly makes my awesome electronic keyboard sound so much like a real deal pricey piano!awesome! overallrating 5   lineend
name guitarman6730 review I was looking for a sustainer pedal for my m-audio keyboard to use with garageband and found this so I bought it and it works great does exactly what it says it does and Actually looks cool. It's an amazing tool for keyboard player. Highly Recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jared Jennings review fist off, guitar center had this for 29 bucks!!! I KNOW RIGHT. It was in front of the tag for this (30 bucks) and the sp-1 for 14.99 so I got it, but it was in the wrong spot, I went, got the price tag, and after minimal drama, they gave it to me for the price they had it INCORRECTLY listed.that said, the pedal is great. The problem people have with the pedal, as I can see it, if they say it or not, is that some sounds DON'T HAVE THE SAME SUSTAIN AS A PIANO OR SYNTH SOUND. It has been fun playing organ sounds and trying to \"pump the pedal\" to keep sustain and not \"wash out\" the tone. this thing is great and if anyone needs a pedal for their synth (I have a casio wtk-4200 I believe), it is as good as you need. As said, any over-sustaining is when you need to learn when and where to release and start the sustain again, which is the true art of it. 30 bucks? robbers. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Kim review I've used this pedal with a Casio PX200 keyboard for about 6 weeks now.Pros:-Sturdy construction (compared with the plastic footswitch type pedals that come with keyboards).-Polarity switch - I was using a Yamaha FC4 with an older keyboard, but the FC4 does not work properly with the Casio keyboards.  It's a tip-negative polarity, and the Privia requires a tip-positive polarity.  So the piano would operate in reverse (sustain on until the pedal is depressed).  Thankfully, the SP-2 has a switch on the bottom that can switch and accomodate any keyboard.-Cord is long enough (6')Con:-Build quality is slightly less than the FC4.  The FC4 has a smooth action (made in Japan), but the SP-2 had some problems with the metal spring squeaking.  Some lubricant helped to fix most of the squeaking.The SP-2 also comes with a plastic cap if you prefer to cover the metal pedal.  Overall, it is a solid product and almost a necessary upgrade for the plastic footswitch pedals. overallrating 4   lineend
name John review Wonderful, piano feel, piano action. Will partly sustain if pressed late or let go and reapplied briefly, i didn't even think my keyboard was up to that sort of responsivness (cheapo Yamaha). This is the only pedal you should buy unless you need all three. I am a future M Audio customer from here on. overallrating 5   lineend
name JR review This pedal is very nice. It looks much more expensive than the actual price and works great. You can just plug it into your keyboard and play. It works very well. overallrating 5   lineend
name karaoke review  I had to send my first one back. The second one is working fine so far. I've noticed it works better with some DAWs than others, also. If you are having problems with it, it could be you DAW software. It works great with Reaper. overallrating 3   lineend
name Marty German review  I bought this for my M-Audio keyboard but it also works equally well with my Casio Lighted Keyboard.Just be sure that your keyboard has a sustain pedal connection.This is a very heavy duty unit that feels and operates exactly like the sustain peddle on a piano. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mary V review I bought this sustain pedal for my iRig Keys Midi Controller, I had an On Stage pedal (square), but that was crap. This M-Audio is awesome, it doesn't move from where I put it on the floor, it sustains the note how it supossed to, and it feels very well. So far it's still working, and it has a switch button to use with any keyboard. I would buy it again!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  I recently picked up a used Casio Privia PX-320 and it had a cheesy, little square sustain pedal that slipped around and had a terrible feel. I heard that Casios were finicky about third party pedals, but purchased this anyway.  It worked (I needed to set the polarity switch on this pedal to open).It also worked perfectly on my Roland RD-300NX, but I expected that. What I love about this pedal is it has a fantastic feel that rivals a real piano, and is the equal to the feel of my expensiveRoland RPU-3.One main reason why I gave this five stars in addition to the compatibility is it's built to last. It's heavy, all metal exterior except for the bottom pad, and has a six foot cable that allows you to place it practically anywhere. Plus the price is right. In fact, the entire package is impressive when I compared it to other models that I considered. And it's light years ahead of the OEM pedals that Casio ships with their Privia keyboards. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul C. review If you are looking for a sustain pedal, this is it. Built solid, feels like it could withstand a good beating, which is good since my teen is using it. Not complaints, just works and is reasonably priced. overallrating 5   lineend
name R Zimmer review well made, works like a charm and felt like it was made with quality material and not made of cheap parts and plastic. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sam Beckett review a well built pedal of good quality, with enough weight to keep the body stable, and a good &#34;middle of the travel&#34; execution point for sustain.  With the correct keyboard, the pedal will also allow for half pedaling.  very important to someone who has keyboards from multiple manufacturers, especially older models; this pedal does has a switch to allow for polarity adjustment (for most newer keyboards this doesn't matter, as polarity can be edited globally, or, alternatively, polarity is sensed on startup so long as the pedal is plugged in)  Some other pedals, particularly those from name manufacturers, will only work with some keyboards.  That said, I feel this M-audio compares favorably to it's most visible competition, Yamaha's FC4 offering.  The Yamaha pedal is a bit heavier, which I do like and subjectively implies better quality, but, in reality, the Yamaha did not last under the same circumstances, breaking down and needing a spot repair after a year on the road.  Last,  the Yamaha FC4 does not have the half pedaling option or polarity switch, making this M-audio pedal a great all around option.In my case, this pedal has been on the live stage, unpacked and packed, tossed around a fair bit, for 2 1/2 years with no problems. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Griffith review This pedal works like a charm.  Stays in place and works as de.scribed.  I would buy this again if I needed to replace it overallrating 5   lineend
name StevenEddy review  Works great - very good feel - we have it on carpet and it works well on the carpetMy wife loves it - if I needed two I would buy another overallrating 5   lineend
name StudioDude review There isn't much to say other than if you are a keyboardist, and are in need of a durable, high quality sustain pedal, BUY THIS PEDAL! overallrating 5   lineend
name Tabasco24 review  You don't really need an expensive sustain pedal unless you're a concert pianist playing on a $10k keyboard- nuff said. overallrating 5   lineend
name timhief review This pedal has a solid feel under my foot and gives me the 'push-back' I expect when playing live gigs.  Always welcomed is the fact is stays in place where I put it on both wood or carpeted surfaces. overallrating 5   lineend
name T T Smirniotopoulos review I bought 2 of these as controllers for my Alesis drum machine. One starts/stops the drum pattern and the other triggers the fill and change pattern from A to B. These things stay put and work every time. overallrating 5   lineend
name Willie V. Hughes review Beautiful pedal, nice chrome foot piece, weighted so as to have a substantial feel, quiet, and rubber bottom so as not to slip around.  An all-around solid purchase for the low price I found on Amazon.  Love it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I thought I could take the smell. I couldn't.Otherwise it would be a decent deal and not bad sounding.The case is nice too, but everything smells like the Chinese rubber smell at Harbor Freight Tools. (sulfur?)I tried airing it out for a week with no success.If you have no sense of smell, get one. overallrating 2   lineend
name Andrew F. review This is a great guitar once you change the strings, as suggested. Great portability for the price.HOWEVER - having read reviews across multiple sites, I too am a victim of the HORRIBLE glue smell that so many others have complained about. I really liked the guitar, so I purhcased it from two separate retailers, but had to return both due to the horrific smell. I even tried contacting the manufacturer to send a \"smell-free\" case... And they sent a case. But it stunk too. It's a shame, I had to return them, because they were nice little guitars. overallrating 3   lineend
name Don Geeze review Don't expect it to sound like a regular guitar and you won't be disappointed. That said, I find it useful for composing on the road. Heck, it even sounds better than my big guitars, in an odd way, for certain songs. Nice sturdy and portable case. Not good for overheads in airplanes because it takes up space for several bags, but flight attendants will usually store it in the locker up front if you ask. Action is adequate for practice--with a little tweaking it's actually good. Quiet enough to play in your hotel room and not disturb your neighbors. overallrating 4   lineend
name Garyb review I've been playing mostly acoustics over 30 years, I own a D35 Martin, Epiphone DR-212, Zager ZAD50, American Fender Strat, Gibson Studio Les Paul and have owned many others.  When my Little Red Traveler showed up at my door I was excited, but my expectation bar wasn't set too high.  I unpacked the Traveler and gave it the once over,, WOW, nicely made. Neck was perfect, just the slightest bow, frets were finished better than my Gibson when I bought it.  I found some wet/dry sand paper, I think 200 grit and spent about 10-15 minutes sanding down the bottom of the bridge bone. WOW #2 the action is much above average acoustic guitar quality, no buzz, perfect pitch at the octave and is a joy to play.  The tone is unique, not quiet, and unless you are expecting Martin sound, definitely not offensive.  The sound is kind of acoustic guitar/ukulele, banjo ish.  I'm thinking with a nice pickup it would make quite nice/unique a acoustic lead instrument. Plays great to the top fret.  love it!  Unbelievable instrument, a pleasure play.  Oh and the case is a $40+ freebee ;))) Buy one, be happy.  One last thing, another post mentioned putting your right arm outside the strap and tying between the tuning keys, that works well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Harry Reimer review I wanted a guitar I could travel with, something small enough that I actually would carry around after the novelty wore off. This is a great size. I love the large neck size, while it is smaller than a full size guitar, you wont feel it much while playing. The sound for something this size is really good, do not expect to get a full acoustic sound. This guitar is just for you to practice scales, practice a tune.. you wont be performing with this guitar. I did alot of research bought a cheap travel guitar (which I hated, threw it out) and decided I wanted a better one, compared this to the Martin Backpacker and this has the better sound, the better bag, and all around GREAT travel guitar. The travel case is great, its about the size of a violin case so you know the size.. overallrating 5   lineend
name jesw review We got this to save on trunk space when traveling with a guitar. As expected, it doesn't have the sound quality of a full-size instrument, but it sounds good for what it is. It seems to hold a tune well and my son enjoys playing it. The blue color is pretty, and we were pleased with the extras that accompanied the guitar (case, strap, etc). Other people have mentioned an odor on the case and strap. We did notice a scent, but it didn't bother anyone. A more odor-sensitive person might feel differently. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kevin Kiernan review I was looking for a portable guitar that would survive the rigors of Afganistan. I was going to get the Martin Backpacker, which I have actually seen and held in a store, but other reviews sold me on this Washburn. The case was a particular positive point for me, and so was the 25% lower price. I am more than please with what I have received. The case is great for a traveling soldier, rugged and protective, with useful pockets. The Guitar itself is very well made, nice pegs and solidly built for such an inexpensive instrument. It does have a bit of a banjo like sound because of the small body, common to the type, as is the initial awkwardness figuring out how to hold, since the full sized fretboard overbalances the tiny body, and you can't exactly rest it on your leg like a regular acoustic. The thing is, this guitar is just plain fun, it is always handy, durable, and plays pretty well. Best buy I have made on a product I couldn't try out first. A testament to the quality of the reviews on Amazon, which have rarely led me astray. overallrating 5   lineend
name RazzSpew10 review  Picked up some Blue Steel lite stings and some brass abalone pins to enhance tone. Also was the last to pick it up for $118.50 shipped to my door. If you like a parlor guitar, this might be for you. The case is kick ass too, easily a $50 value.Update: After putting on the brass pins and adding a snark tuner, along with putting on new strings, this guitar rocks. Putting the brass pins keeps it from being too top heavy and helps to improve tone. This is my go-to guitar. Sounds good and has great intonation. The only fore-seeable upgrade would be to get closed geared tunners but the open geared work fine and hold tunning. I have a washburn D-30 and love this just as much for 1/3 the cost. overallrating 5   lineend
name Aaron review  This thing is awesome! really nice looking, and heavy duty. Costs a few bucks, but is very high quality, seems like it will last for ever. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chandler review After reading the reviews, I expected the leather to be a tougher than it is. It's soft without being limp. There's no break-in time required. I bought this for my tele and it looks ans feels great. I like to keep a pre-adjusted strap in each guitar case, and I'm planning to buy another one of these for my Martin. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fan Man review This guitar strap is wide and well made of good quality leather.Just what I needed.I am very happy with it and thank you. Rich B. overallrating 5   lineend
name GunHawk review I like simple guitar straps without too much glitz and yet wide enough for the shoulder and attractive, yet simple. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jerome Vencalek review Love the looks,it does what I need,holds guitar,looks great,priced right,anyone thinking of one should get it!great service when ordered! overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark Crabtree review I liked the strap, used it for many years and it held up great. The texture almost looks fake though. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael A. Rammel review  Very nice leather strap, I will like it better when it is worn in, and softer, but excellent for holding the weight of a five string bass.I very much recommend it, along with some Dunlop straploks. overallrating 5   lineend
name NW_OR_USA review I bought this strap to use on an acoustic dreadnought guitar. I would have given this item 5 stars but even fully extended it is about 3&#34;-4&#34; too short. As for the quality of the strap, I love the look and feel of the leather. It has a worn and aged texture that looks great and it would be very comfortable to wear while playing if it were longer.My 2 cents in summary- I think for a classical acoustic guitar or for an electric, this strap would work much better. If you have a larger sized guitar, find a longer strap. overallrating 3   lineend
name Ranger Tim review Reviews described strap as &#34;soft&#34; and &#34;weathered&#34; which sounded good to me.  Actual description is a blasted &#34;design&#34; which is what you get.  Strap is quite stiff, but I'd say it's worth the price.  I would have preferred something different. overallrating 3   lineend
name theRangel review  This is a very good nicely wide guitar strap.  Its weathered look is exactly what I was looking for.  Its a nice solid piece of leather that looks like it will last decades.  That is what I wanted but that is also why I got it weathered - to speed up about 5 years of personality.  I'm not sure how you would wear it out really.  Its buttery soft and doesn't have a strange fabric suede backing so it won't muck up your clothes, pill or crumble.The only minus is that its a standard 53 inches though the description says its \"long\".  Pretty standard vs all other straps.I paired this with my reissue Fender Telecaster Thinline in natural.  It looks wonderful.  I can barely feel the weight of the guitar wearing it.  -Update: Since I got the strap as a Christmas gift I've worn it to class and jam sessions.  I started getting nice compliments about the guitar.  Thought the guitar IS beautiful I've had it for a while.  I think this strap is like a fine piece of jewelry accenting the guitar!  Beauty and Function. overallrating 5   lineend
name Anthony J. review I've been recording professionally for 27 years; Music, radio commercials and television mostly. So I'll try to give you the information you need to make your purchase.I've owned and used so many mics and brands through the years I can't remember them all but I can I say I've never had a bad A-T. 4033's, 4050's and 4080's I use every week and have for years, the 4033 going back to the mid 90's and the 2020 is just a lower priced electret condenser from the A-T family. You have no idea the % of recordings that you're hearing this brand on, it's used by almost every studio on every continent, I work in the US, Italy to Scotland and can attest to this. But first let me tell you, very simply, where the negative reviewers went wrong.This is a XLR connection phantom powered mic, which is pro and best. So it requires a phantom powered XLR input, which all pro equipment provides and is standard on most home recording audio interfaces. Which you should really purchase along with this, if you haven't already, because for around $100 you'll improve your recording and playback and have a preamp and monitoring, you'll find one by searching audio interfaces. I have a RolandRoland TRI CAPTURE Audio Interfaceand a Focusrite I use just for playback in my office and den but they work well and you don't need Avid HD's to get started. Audio interface is just another name for an external sound card but will provide the proper input and gain meter. Getting your interface away from the electronically noisy computer has been SOP since the dawn of digital. I see that small USB mixers are available which would be another option. Don't try an adapter on it, it won't work, as this needs power through the cord to charge the field effect transistor, but power supplies are available and after that adapt however you want. It doesn't come with the cord, what a surprise! Quality cords will cost about half the price of this, but a $15 version will probably do for most.It doesn't come with ashock mountbut you can purchase one if you like. Work with it, you may not need one and the recorded vibrations rumbling will tell you that you do. You'll need a windscreen and a popper stopper typeShure Popper Stopper Pop Filteris the usual, but I can also recommend using 2 large $1.49 foam screens with the top cut from one as this mic is side address and you will need to cover the entire screen. This isn't about being cheap, there are times that the goosenecks are very inconvenient and don't work at strange angles and you'll probably always need one or the other.This does not come with a stand, so pick up a boom stand if you don't have one and pay no attention that the negative reviewers will tell you they tip over, 18 wheelers also tip over.RecommendedUse a sandbag or whatever on the leg opposite the mic or remove the boom and top portion and slide on a barbell weight and put it back together or create a proper counterweight where they've put a faux plastic one. If it's possible, you could mount a boom from the ceiling and run the cable on hooks, eliminating vibration from the floor while keeping the cable out the wayMicrophone Flange Male. For desktop users, here's what I'd do. Using large Command strips and Velcro I'd fasten this to the deskAdjustable Desk Microphone Standand attach thisTelescoping Mini-BoomHere's another optionMXL Mics MXL-BCD-STANDUnderstand that recording has progressed by meeting needs and experimenting, if you need something figure it out, your clean, quiet recording is proof that it works.I can't justify comparing this to my $500 to $4000 mics like it but if there is a better value buy it. $82 wouldn't have bought a case for most of my condensers. It sure beats most non electret, electrostatic DC bias or dynamic style mics. The 2020 is certainly an entry level professional mic and in many situations could be substituted for a 4033 without issue. Also individual mics have a sound, of the eight 4033's I have, I prefer 3 of them and use them the most. So when reviewers say it's bright, I say compared to what? I can tell you what it sounds like.....KA-CHING! a great sound in audio recording. Uh huh, I know of one professional recording it's on and the client was clueless that I used an $82 mic. Think about it, would this be as good as what was used 40 years ago? Have you heard good 70's recordings? Anyone purchasing equipment because it review  ers have opinions about this mic so don't ignore them but ask yourself this, do they have formal training and experience with 200 different mics in many studios and are they using expensive gear from their console to their monitors to reveal its true capabilities? Any noticeable increase in sound quality might cost $400 and won't be half of what you'll achieve by improving your recording technique.This type of mic is excellent for overhead, acoustics, amps or brass and of course vocals, really most recording needs, having a less uni and more omni, cardioid directional pattern than stage mics hyper pattern it's better suited to recording. Just understand you can't get too loud near it or you'll overdrive it since it's designed for up to screaming vocals, so back off with loud amps and brass, which also means you need a quiet place for recording because it'll pick up your AC ducts and your neighbor's TV. That, is a good thing, what's bad is you trying to do good recording in a noisy environment, so don't blame a mic for your extraneous room noise. You can't just use a different microphone or noise gates or processors of any kind, just quiet, anything else is a pail on a sinking ship because this is an acoustical, rather than electronic, signal to noise ratio. A 10db pad will reduce output but doesn't affect the diaphragm and its input and acoustical foam won't help, that's not even its purpose, I suggest reading this on acoustics and foam, LINK REMOVED(just replace the [dot]). Turn off your heat/air, be careful of headphone bleed and do your recording between 3 and 5 AM, when the world's a quieter place and that will really help, you'll likely hear how loud your computer fans are. You can get underground in your basement or build blanket walls, or buy used office partitions but you need quiet, I've known acoustic players who've worn gas masks to cut the sound of their breathing. If this is what your budget allows for it's an excellent first step into recording and this type of mic and likely this brand would be my first choice for a first recording mic no matter the cost. I keep saying \"this type of mic\" and the reason why is because A-T sells 14 models like this style up to $3000. This model is the lowest priced but you're buying a reputable brand. If your future plans include using only one mic, without the ability to use any traditional recording hardware, you can look here.Audio-Technica AT2020 USB Condenser USB MicrophoneOr hereAudio Technica AT2020USB+ Cardioid Condenser Microphone w/Pop FilterThis is not my advice, you will also lose the higher quality playback and the supplied recording software that comes with an interface. This model is not USB.Now pay no attention to the descriptions of how it sounds, I won't tell you because how it sounds to me on my system won't apply to you and your system and that goes for all audio, descriptions are worthless, only unplugging one piece of gear for another matters. This is important, all audio equipment either accurately reproduces or doesn't, the recording cannot sound better than the source, so a microphone can only reproduce sound more or less accurate than a different microphone. Accurate or inaccurate, not good or bad, there's a difference. It's during the mix that you make it better or different from the original sound. Apply these same thoughts to your home stereo, saying instead, playback cannot sound better than the recording and that's why accuracy is important in your monitors.So search out any info you don't understand and don't expect to be a competent engineer without years of schooling, training and having worked in a professional setting. If you're lucky like I was, after 1 year of tech school I worked on site repair (studios often need PT) and apprenticed while continuing my education for the next 3, then after 3 years of work (TV) with another year of school I became a studio owner. Real recording involves a facility, equipment and techniques as involved as a surgeon in a hospital. So study electronics, acoustics, the auditory cortex, everything audio, train yourself to hear the smallest sounds all day, it never stops. When making any purchases I recommend reading and research and realize this is a tool and because you can buy a tool doesn't mean you're educated in its use. So yes, I also don't recommend buying a scalpel and trying surgery on your little brother, unless.....But everyone of us started somewhere so get some equipment and start recording, quit all that sleeping, eating and other unnecessary activities and just read and record! Just short sessions at a real studio will also open your eyes and be educational and some will allow you to just stop in and talk, I have. So keep up the research because no man knows it all and I'm just here to help you out. If you need a good, small, inexpensive stereo amp check this one out. Topping TP22 Digital Mini Amplifier overallrating 5   lineend
name C.E. review  Great microphone, I use it with my cheap/budget Behringer mixer, the sound is good and if I turn up the gain it will pick up everything in the room. It is great for recording acoustic guitar and vocals, don't start layering the vocals though, it starts to sound kind of weird. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles Casterline review This mike is a great way to start recording at home. I use it with a small behringer mixer and garageband on my mac and just having a ball. I know its not the nice wiz bang high dollar type and maybe their are others just as good for the price. However, I find the mic being real step up from using dynamic mikes for recording at home. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris Syria review great price for good mike.  I did not want to spend a lot to start.  I got a good mike at a great price ($50) overallrating 5   lineend
name Customer review At last I got this mic after doing about a month of homework on which condenser mic to go for. If you're debating between the Blue Yeti, Snowball, Samson C01U, and this mic, there are plenty of reviews on youtube and google. At2020 was the most common one that people liked regarding affordability and sound quality. overallrating 5   lineend
name David review Microphone is quite good for such price. The sound is clear but still quite far from first class microphones. Recommend for small budget studios. overallrating 4   lineend
name DeAngelo D. review Whatever good things you've heard about the at2020 is probably true! Well.. unless if you've heard it will sprout wings and save you if you falling from the sky... but it sounds great when your recording songs! Haha! I record with fl studio and it's even great so far! I recommend you get this!! overallrating 5   lineend
name James E. Sink review  Love it...nice mic to record acoustical instruments... 13 more words?.... word word word word word word word word word word... overallrating 5   lineend
name L Scott review  This was exactly what I needed for the price range I could afford in a crunch.  My old mic just wasn't cutting it going into my computers USB audio interface.There are nice changes in sound texture from different angles.  It is really sensitive to pop and breath so a pop filter is critical for vocals.  It is recording my guitar beautifully.I've even been able to record nice quick tracks for copyright recordings of both my voice and guitar.  I've set the stand low and angled the mic towards the guitars sound hole (slightly back) and sing into the top at about 45 degrees and back a little.  I found a quick comfortable balance and the result is warm and clean.I'm very happy with this unit (price considered but I'd have to pay a LOT more to improved on it).  I'll probably get another one.  I kind of wish I'd have bought that combo kit. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ronnie Roper review I use this at home for rough tracks and have also used it at work for voice over. Its worked great. Very happy with it. Its not a $2000 quality mic but it its a good mic for the money. Some of the tone can be a little tricky sometimes, but for the price its expected to not have it sound like butter. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ryan S. review I bought this as a gift for a friend he was really happy with it but, I have a completely different view. The AT2020 is a pretty bright mic which sounds good at first but once you layer tracks on top of each other it can sound very harsh. Second it is not a true large diaphragm condenser. It is a very good mic for people starting out in music or just using it for podcasts, but there are a bunch of better mics near this price. Two that come to mind are the MXL V67g and Studio projects B1 (stay away from the studio projects C1) both exceptional microphones for the price. Although there is one mic you that is a bit more expensive but is absolutely amazing, the MXL 2003a. A lot of people have claimed the studio projects C1 sounds like the Neumann u87 it doesn't, the MXL 2003a however sounds very similar and is easily the best LDC mic under $500. With that being said the AT2020 is not a bad microphone but it is not great, to people who have just used built in mics on there computer or camera this will blow them away but as time goes on they will learn the limitations of this microphone.Although to be fair I have a lot of experience in pro audio and production, so I maybe a bit overly critical. One thing is for sure though; there are definitely better mics in or near this price range. overallrating 3   lineend
name Servartus review Works exceedingly well for any use. Whether dubbing audio, recording instruments, or just yelling at the top of your lungs. No issues and pretty sure I will never have any. overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam H review Great strings. I use these on a Deering Goodtime II and they work well. Deering recommends (as I imagine most entry level banjo manufacturers) sticking with only the light gauge, not light pluses or mediums. So stock up. Good strings, and not overly prone to corrosion. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles S. Glass review  I bought a couple of sets of strings for my banjo. Strings are a matter of preference of how they sound and feel. One person may love them the next may not. They are very playable strings, but on my aluminum rim saga banjo the sound was a little to bright. I took them off and put them on a another wood resonater banjo, they sounded much better on that one. One reason I buy these strings is they are made in the U.S.A Why buy strings when they don't tell you where there made.I put on a set of Daddrio medium set and liked the sound better but they are a little harder to play.All strings must be kept clean if you want them to last. wipe each string when done and they will last longer. overallrating 5   lineend
name Driver405 review Well, I ordered 2 sets of these, and 2 sets of medium strings when I got my first banjo, as I didn't know what gauge strings I would prefer. So far I like the light strings better for clawhammer, which is mostly what I play. Easy on the fingers and sound good, to my ears at least...Not much else to say about strings :P. Would recommend them. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. R. Smith review I love these strings because the sounds are so pure and not twangy, and they are pretty easy to use.  Each string is labeled so you know which goes where.  I'm a beginner and can change my own strings, so I'm proud of myself. overallrating 5   lineend
name Uriah Rose II review  As far as banjo strings go, these are a good bang for the buck, or were when I got them. D'Addario makes a pretty consistant product, I've used them on everything over the years, although I prefer certain brands for other things. Strings are cheap for the most part and easy to experiment with. These are also amazingly enough still made in the USA as well.If you buy a cheap instrument here, do yourself a favor and get a decent set of strings as chances are they'll be strung with trash if it's a lower end instrument from China. Even if you're starting out you should tell the difference right away. overallrating 3   lineend
name Aaron Taylor review it does a great job for the smallest of foggers available and low budget price.....works great with moonflowers and lasers I have gotten...the fogger enhances them greatly and is so worth the benefit it provides in regards to my lights....I really wanted to use it Halloween on treaters but it rained hard and didn't want it out on the porch.....next year! overallrating 5   lineend
name Alfredo review This fog machine puts out a good amount of fog but it takes several minutes to warm up.  The fog dissipates pretty quickly and the machine has a hard time keeping up to keep the room foggy.  It's ok but not the best fog machine out there. overallrating 3   lineend
name Carlos De Cunha review  Great device and good price...My Wife made me try this for a Gig we had... It worked great! I love the foggy effect on stage, with a touch of lighting it really comes to life.The fog juice this thing comes with has a funky scent though. Perhaps it might be wise to get some scent thingie to toss in the tank with the juice. I don't know if the other brands of fog juice smells weird also but I have another can of juice I bought to use later. I will report on that...I gave it 5 stars although the fog juice is funky because it's not the fog juice that matters, it's how the machine works... It does what it should do. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dave review  Dont use the cheap fog liquid as it smells bad and gums up the system if you leave it in too long.I got this last year for a small party and had the smoke alarm going off in my basement within seconds.  This beast puts out lots of fog and does a nice job.It does get hot and drips at the front if you spray for too long but it does do what it's supposed to.  Also note that the cap on the machine doesn't seal well and will drip if you angle the unit too much.Keep it away from walls and floors as the oil will collect on them and leave you with a mess to clean up later.  It's best on a stand 3-4 feet off the ground.Overall build quality is very nice.  Metal case, compact, nice bracket, lighted remote telling you when it's ready.The threads on the tank are plastic as is the cap and can be damaged if you cross thread which is quite easy... overallrating 4   lineend
name IBZANE review Recieved this item today in preparations for a halloween party, upon installation and testing, the unit blew a fuse..Going to buy another fuse to see if it was a random thing, if not, I'll be returning mine.. will update...UPDATE.. Radio Shack carries the correct fuses for this unit, upon changing the fuse the unit works as expected..Leaks a bit while using , so dont stand under it...But most on these things leak anyway.. overallrating 3   lineend
name Tanner Hoke review Great for video/photo work or even theater. It won't handle well at a large space. If you are a light fog, this is the job for almost any situation.What I'll be using it forDj work to show laser beams and light beamsVideo work - use it to make a hoax car crash or meteor crash site (that's what you are seeing in movies)Photo work - not so much for general photography because it can make people think you shot at too high of an ISO. overallrating 3   lineend
name Da Bean review  This is a really nice product for the price.  When fully extended, it becomes a little tippy, but I don't fully extend the legs which gives it a wider, more stable base.  Otherwise, it folds up nice and small for travel.  Nice product! overallrating 4   lineend
name David G review Good quality and doesn't cost very much.  The price is great too.  Glad I bought it.  Folds up well.  Has a black finish on it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald E. Cooper review  I enjoy using it and its helpful when you wanna use it to hold up your sheet music to a viewable point and your books too! I recommend it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Dr. Freud review i needed a simple music stand to hold my music and notes when practicing in my room.  this does the trick just fine.  it is light, sort of cheap, etc., but it does what it needs to and it did not cost me an arm and a leg.  I wouldnt recommend using it for concert or stage performances but for at home, practicing, it is just fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name Electrosandwich review It is a basic music stand, but it is sturdy enough to hold sheet music or books, does not wable and there is no play between the folding elements. You can expect to pay three times as much for a similar product at a local music store, great value overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Rowland review  The price was right so I got one.  Does the trick for the beginner or for sheets of music.  Books don't do so well and prove to be top heavy most of the time, even some smaller ones.  Strictly for practice. overallrating 3   lineend
name nailman review this is a great music stand.Very sturdy.Very well built.Just wish it came with a bag,then it could be put in the guitar case,but ill find one thanks overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul Hicken review I was surprised at the good quality for such a little price. It does exactly what I needed it for. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sim review From the other reviews I wasn't sure what to expect but this is a nice stand for the money. I use it and my granddaughter uses it as well. It is sturdy, easy to fold away and easy to setup. The leg spread can be adjusted for space if necessary. I highly recommend it if you are looking for a good valued stand. overallrating 4   lineend
name Alexandra Spark review  Works just fine. Except the bottom part (that is supposed to support the guitar) swivels. Not sure what that's about. But I'm not very picky and know nothing about guitar stands so maybe it's supposed to. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review The material it's made of is good, and it holds the guitar. The only things i don't like are 2.1)Each of the corners has a cap. The one at the bottom where you actually put the guitar it comes off.2)The part at the bottom that looks like a U (used to hold the guitar) it spins... It means that there is nothing like a bolt or a screw to make it stay still, so every time you try to put your guitar on you have to make sure to put that straight.I would suggest to but a more expensive model or a totally different one. overallrating 2   lineend
name Austin Garcia review  This is a very useful item, easy to build and setup, easy to use. I don't have any problem with this stand at all.And all of those people who have problems with the arms that move when you touch them, that is part of the design. It should not be a problem to you, or your guitar.Thanks, Austin Garcia overallrating 5   lineend
name barleypopmaker review  Construction is fine, and you can set it up in 30 seconds. It holds my bass just fine and the swiveling bottom is not an issue for me. I don't know why some people hate it. The rubberized neck holder protects the wood and the strap keeps the guitar in place. For under $10 and prime eligible, what more can you ask for? overallrating 5   lineend
name BelleBelle review I really like this guitar stand, it was worth the extra money. It securely holds my acoustic guitar and leans back a bit so you can clearly see it. Very stable base. The bottom which holds the guitar can be switched over for different size bases of guitars. A good price, a good buy. Glad I invested in it. By the way, I read several reviews which said this had a \"smell\" to it...Mine does not. I just wonder what other people have encountered? overallrating 5   lineend
name Bloose review In life you mostly get what you pay for. This stand really isn't an exception. Getting what you pay for though doesn't mean that it won't do what you need it to do. This stand is light weight and inexpensive because of it. The great thing is, it doesn't need to be any heavier or needlessly fancy to do exactly what it needs to do. It's a great choice for someone looking to keep their guitars from becoming damaged while they sit out waiting to be played. Even though they will not get damaged while laying around they are still easily accessible for you to play as opposed to having them stored in a case.For $10 a pop you can afford to have one for every guitar. Putting them on display and allowing them to be handy when the urge strikes you to play. You now have no excuse for your expensive (or cheap) guitar to get beat up from laying around. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob Dillin review It does what its supposed to. I really like that the bottom is adjustable and gets the guitar higher or lower off the floor as needed.  A great price and a good item. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob. Oh, Bob. review It's really hard to beat this product for the price.  I found it sturdy, well built, and a great fit for my guitar.  I really appreciate the low, wide stance, which is great insurance against accident prone guitar players such as myself! overallrating 5   lineend
name brien patterson review Forgot it came with a strap to secure the guitar to the stand...... Doubt I'll use the strap.. but then again I probably will try  to use it that way. overallrating 4   lineend
name callysto review it's semi-secure on carpeting or hard floor, but all together I am pretty unsatisfied with this stand. The bottom piece has no way to lock in place, and although with the guitar on it it is more stable, I am not comfortable enough risking my wonderful guitar to something rather flimsy...I prefer the one that is mounted on the wall as more stable overall. This one? Meh. Not worth the purchase in my opinion... booooooooo. overallrating 2   lineend
name Carlos review Better than I expect,,, I going to order 2 more... very stable,, easy to assemble  and a nice price .. overallrating 5   lineend
name Casby review  Not perfect but a solid stand. Prone to tipping over if you just toss your guitar onto it the way I do. And the bottom part that holds the guitar isn't fixed so it's good and bad. Good because it'll hand nearly and shape guitar at odd angles. Bad because if you just toss your guitar onto it the way I do, sometimes it just swings around annoyingly. overallrating 4   lineend
name C.C. review  TUBULAARRRRHolds my 8 string, 6 string, acoustic, etc.Has held up very sturdily over the year I've had it or so overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles S. Glass review  And works well for it. My only concern is that the shaft that holds the weight is plastic and not metal. I don't know how long it will last. I might find a tube to place over it and make a lager hole. But the price is right and the stand is solid enough. All areas that touch the banjo or guitar are protected and should last. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Hill review  We picked up the \"XCG4 Guitar Stand\" for my daughter's acoustic guitar and it is exactly what was needed! Here are my observations:Pros -+ Stable; once setup and tightened down, this is very sturdy+ Adjustable; the height and base can be configured to accommodate the guitar+ Security Strap; has a rubber strap that hold the neck securlyCons -- Slight chemical smell that dissipates after a few daysThis is a good value for a very functional and good looking guitar stand.Highly Recommended!CFH overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris M. review Bought stand as a gift for my son's acoustic guitar.  He loves it and now has an electric guitar and wants another stand.  Can't go wrong for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name christopher Lamothe review yes this is a great guitar stand nice cushion has a lock strap I'm very happy don't mind standing my les Paul custom pro guitar in this baby overallrating 5   lineend
name CruiseTraveler review I bought one of these for each of my electric guitars (3) and really like them. They work great, were easy to assemble, and not expensive. I do think the name is a bit inapproriate because I would never use one on stage, I don't think they are sturdy enough. These are great if you don't have to worry about pets or children possibly bumping into them. I realize you won't normally have pets or children on stage, but sometimes there are people moving around and guitars do get knocked over. I recommend the On Stage XCG4 for home use or if you have a practice room where you know your guitar is safe. I use these primarily for electric guitars but also have one for an acoustic and it fits very nicely. Great deal for the very low price. overallrating 4   lineend
name Da Bean review  This is great if you have to put your guitar down but don't want to put it in its case. overallrating 5   lineend
name Danyelle Mulin review  It came and it wasn't broken or bad and it held my brother's guitar for a few years until he sold it overallrating 5   lineend
name debi review Simple, no frills, stand.  Only problem I've had lately is that the velveteen padding on top seems to get loose and keeps coming off.  A lil' glue will fix it, just haven't had time! overallrating 5   lineend
name Dennis Mayer review Still a great product it's just a little flimsy. The way the bottom holder attaches to the base is the problem! It doesn't attach! It just slides in and then you kinda just hope it doesn't bend or break. The only problem is if you are clumsy like me you might push your guitar down into it a little to hard and damage it. overallrating 4   lineend
name desrtroz review I purchased this for my son's acoustic guitar.  I was tired of finding it not in its case and lying on the floor, or against his dresser.  Since he got this stand, his guitar has been put away on it every time.  The security strap is a nice feature, to make sure the guitar doesn't get knocked off the stand.  Great value for the money! overallrating 5   lineend
name D. L. Sniderman review  Not crazy about having to pay shipping that amounted to half the purchase price for the stand, not to mention having to wait five days for it to arrive. No assembly instructions were included in the packaging. I've never owned something like this before, so that was annoying. Luckily, some nice pictures were posted on the web page and I was able to figure it out from there. Once I got it put together, and placed my beloved guitar in the thing, I got happier. It looks nice and holds the guitar safely (padding protects the guitar finish). I'd recommend this stand to others, but be aware of shipping, tax and consider the possibility it will arrive with no assembly instructions. Not that you have to be a rocket scientist to put it together, still... overallrating 3   lineend
name Dr. Freud review I am a believer that if you have a musical instrument, it has to be out if you are going to use it regularly.  with these sturdy stands,  my guitars are out and around the house and they seem to &#34;talk to me&#34; every time that I walk by.  this encourages, if not compulses, me to pick them up and play them for 5-15 minutes at a time.  these stands are inexpensive, light, and hold the guitar well.  I would not recommend them for heavy, on the road, stage work, but then again, most of us are not on the road nor the tour.  we are just playing for the love of it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dr Jay review   for the World Tour GS-1 Folding Tripod Guitar Stand.  Honestly, I can't tell them apart since I threw out the boxes. overallrating 5   lineend
name EMIL D RUIAN review Easy to take apart, to put together, to store, and pretty stable when in use. Not the cheapest but worth the money. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fan Man review Strong and won't tip.price is very affordable.I own several and have had no trouble with them.Buy it and you will see. overallrating 5   lineend
name Frank N. Stein review No much to these things, but they are cheap and they work great in the studio.  They shipped quickly and didn't break the bank. overallrating 5   lineend
name GeekParrot review For the price you cannot go wrong with this.  Holds my Les Paul and feels secure.  I've never had any issues with this.  Don't bother spending 3-4x as much for something that does the job as well as this.EDIT - Bought another one this Christmas for another guitar and this one feels as good and as simple as the first one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Igor B. review On Stage XCG4 Tubular Guitar Stand with Velveteen Padding and Security is very helpful tool for any guitarist.I got a lot of them for my guitar collection and have no complain.Recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeffrey review I have several stands, and this is the second one of these I bought. It works fine and will hold any size acoustic guitar. overallrating 4   lineend
name Johannes review It's okay. I've bought stands for less that were more balanced and sturdy, and the little &#34;safety&#34; strap is a nuisance more than a help. overallrating 3   lineend
name John G. review The On Stage XCG4 Tubular Guitar Stand is a decent quality simple guitar stand like almost all the others, so here is how I rated it. There are really high quality stand of the same design, but i will not use those stands as a comparison.  Seriously, the tubular guitar stand has been around since dirt.  If you somehow made one that retails for over $30 and are able to sell it, I applaud your marketing team.Continuing on, this is how I rated the On Stage XCG4:If it were over $13, it would have gotten 3 stars.Between $7 and $13, earns it 4 stars.if it were under $7, it would have gotten 5 stars.I hope this helps,~JP.S.  The currency is in US dollars.  Please adjust accordingly. overallrating 4   lineend
name John review I paid 10 dollars for this. It must be giving me cancer in the state of california because it's not cheap at all. Folds up for transport, works great on hardwood floors, padded where it needs to be, and has a strap so it doesn't fall forward either. Angle of the feet might be too shallow for carpet, look for something where the legs 'enter' the carpet more straight down. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Perry review  I am a novice musician so perhaps my lack of experience in these items. Once you figure out how it goes together it is an excellent product. It holds your guitar up. overallrating 4   lineend
name J. Ralston review Got what I paid for.  Worth the money, definitely.  Sturdy and stable and I need more words so I can ...done overallrating 3   lineend
name Jr Fentress review  I have several of these and they are both sturdy and dependable.  My acoustic and electric guitars are stable when held in the stand. overallrating 4   lineend
name jschristian44 review This is my first guitar stand and I have to say I am pretty happy with it.  It's made of good quality metal and you can tell it's much higher quality than the price tells it to be.  The neck strap and the base are excellent.  Made of great padding to pad the bottom and can put any guitar base on there.  Look at the other reviews and you won't be disappointed.  It didn't smell like the other reviews said either. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kurt Robair review You get what you pay for. This is a no-nonsense cheap guitar stand. Its adjustable, padded, and has a nifty rubber band that holds the neck of your axe so when you, a stage groupie, or your clumsy drummer trip on it, the whole mess falls over. This is perfect for your Fender Starcaster or screaming pink Hello Kitty guitar. This is not a good choice for your prized 1968 Jimi Hendrix Strat or 1964 Eric Clapton Gibson ES335. You might want to consider something a bit more sturdy for those. overallrating 3   lineend
name kyle c. review Not only is this a quality guitar stand that is adjustable it is really affordable to and it has a safety strap for the top of the neck of your guitar that will keep ur guitar from falling forward this is a great buy! overallrating 5   lineend
name Kyle review I picked up another one of these for a new guitar and I'm very impressed.  They've upgraded the design to be a bit better than the one I purchased a few years ago.  Excellent stand! overallrating 5   lineend
name LBrandst129 review  What a great price and product!  Bought two of these so I can keep my guitars handy and I love them.  Really love having the rubber strap to secure the neck in the event of a mishap.  The wide frame legs make the stand extremely sturdy and love that it can come apart easy if I want to pack it up. overallrating 5   lineend
name LHardyRN review This stand is great!  It is solid, but light weight enought to move as needed.  The footprint is small & meets are needs well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Maria A review This stand is very stable and easy to put together. Works perfect for keeping my guitar safe from being knocked over. overallrating 5   lineend
name Matt review This is a great stand, it looks the same as any other, but it works great for about 10 dollars overallrating 5   lineend
name Md. Zaheer Hasan review This is more of a like it or hate kind of item. If it doesn't work, you hate it. If it works, there's nothing impressive about a stand, so I just like it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mick R. review This stand gets a lot of use from me and holds up great. I'm going to be switching to a 7 stand rack soon for all my basses but I will still keep this around because it holds up well. Love the all black look as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike review  er who has, upon personal inspection, discovered that the rear leg of the stand is too short to provide staedy support for any beloved guitar. I returned it.I've &#34;First Act&#34; brand stands similar in appearance but more intelligently constructed. overallrating 1   lineend
name modbantam review For a ten spot, ya can't do better. Matte flat black finish is nice.Great durable foam contact points for cradling baby.Double dog dare ya to do better.You just cannot. Excellent deal !! overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr. Practical review This is a great low cost stand that accepts both acoustic and electric guitars. The cradle and neck height are both adjustable enabling a variety of guitar sizes to be used.  While it doesn't fold up small like a portable stand, it serves well as a semi-portable stand and is very good as a stationary stand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Personne review I've picked up a few of these for my various guitars.  I've found it to be steady and stable and it hasn't left a mark on either my large archtop or my Les Paul.  The little locking strap that goes across the neck cradle is a big plus too.  I've seen plenty of lesser stands for more money, so this one is  my first choice these days. overallrating 4   lineend
name Peter Holub review Works good, nothing special. I have to say I disagree with a couple of reviews which complained about a bad smell. My big nose can't confirm that. Maybe they corrected the problem if one exited. overallrating 4   lineend
name pops review cant b beat for the cost. it does jusy exactly whats expected. and at  10 bucks its woth every penny overallrating 5   lineend
name Randy V. Brown review I've had no problem with this guitar stand. I've had it for about 3 month's now, and when I'm not playing my Fender Strat; it is on this stand. I recommend it as a well functioning stand, at a very economical price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard L. Chism review This is fine for my music room at home where it isn't likely to get bumped too hard.  I wish the bottom didn't swivel, because I don't see a need for it to do that.  But it keeps my guitar handy and does the job I wanted it to do at a low price.  I like the security strap that keeps the neck from falling out.  However, I wouldn't recommend this for the stage where there are crowded conditions and it is more likely to suffer a heavy bump.  For that, you would want a larger tripod at the bottom to make it less likely to topple. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert Biehn review While it is just a stand, it seems to be sturdy and durable. Nothing special about it, but also no negatives that I can find either, than the fact that it doesn't give my foot massages. XD overallrating 5   lineend
name Sessue review I bought this two years ago for use with a Takamine. It hasn't seen heavy use. It wasn't supposed to. It sits in a corner of the living room, holds the guitar securely, and doesn't cause problems. Although it does make my ownership of a guitar more obvious, and my 91 yo neighbor was convinced for a year that I was drunk and  wailing away on the guitar at 3 am. At least, that's what she told the police.This stand is very similar to the slightly better selling Musician's Gear stand. They might actually be the same stand under different names. The pricing for both is very close if you consider shipping. If I were to buy a stand again, I would still get this one because it's available under Prime. The other one isn't. That gives this stand more value.The stand is very easy to set up. The lower cradle is not fixed and adjusts itself to the appropriate position for your guitar. This took a little getting used to, but it does work very well. The padding on the stand does protect my guitar well. Extended contact with the guitar surface has not caused any problems.Given the very low price, this is an excellent choice for a living room stand. If you're on the road or performing, you might need something a bit different, but I can definitely recommend this for casual players like myself. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Griffith review I have been buying these stands for years and will continue to do so.  I've taken them to the studio with me and of course used around the house.  They do what they're built for and are as described. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sim review I really like this stand. It has a nice wide leg base and well padded neck and body holders. It is a nice solid tubuler style guitar stand and either my electric or acoustic guiter fits well in it. I highly recommend it to anyone looking a stand for their guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name STEPHEN MOREAU review I have a number of guitars and keep them all on stand in my music room.  This stand is sturdy and protects the guitar well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Teagan Mago review It's a very fair price and is made well.  It seems as though it will hold up to some kicking around.  The only thing that worries me is that once the bottom piece swiveled and dropped my guitar...and this was when I just set it down not a few seconds before it fell.  I'd recommend easing your guitar into place and making sure it's secure.  I'm not sure how &#34;on stage&#34; ready this is.  It's a good, cheap stand though and for the price point, I understand the sacrifices they made in the design. overallrating 4   lineend
name TonyTee review If you just want a basic guitar stand to keep your guitar safe whilst at home. This is it. Have not gigged with it as yet. So no comments as to its toughness. Great value though. overallrating 4   lineend
name trishlink review This arrived with one end of the security strap and metal part...Broken! OK...I bought it on sale and returning it would not be an option...it would cost as much to mail back as it did to buy it!Obviously it was not the packaging which was more than adequate and there were no broken off pieces in the box.Of course,I could not recommend this product to anyone...most disappointing purchase! overallrating 1   lineend
name TWM review Holds my guitars just fine. It is a bit odd to think that something off balance (one of the legs is shorter then the others) will be fine but it works. overallrating 4   lineend
name ultravega review Great for the price.  Not for guitars with nitro finish.  But I cut up a t-shirt into several long strips and wrapped them around the padding and then tied it nice and tight.  The result was a pretty cool looking stand that will protect my nitro guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Vyrys review It's sturdy, and very portable. The two things I was looking for.Can't really compare to the others, but for me worth the price. I didn't have one at all and this workgs great.delivered in a timely manner.thanks! overallrating 5   lineend
name xeal review  believe it or not I've been putting off buying one... I'm so glad i got it now I love looking at my guitar in this thing and now I even want to pick the guitar up more than ever!... Id have to say im happy with the quality can't see anything to complain about really. overallrating 5   lineend
name Yap review I have just receive mine just now.. It was awesome...I never thought that it would be so solid... It is made with steel and covered with rubber on the very edge.. Can't beat the price... I would recommend this to anybody who are looking for a guitar stand!!.. A+++ overallrating 5   lineend
name Yousif review For 10 bucks this is great, very sturdy and reliable. Works wit all my guitars, and for the price it is a steal. overallrating 5   lineend
name zachary review most guitar shapes and sizes fit on this guitar stand,it is easy to assemble and theres really not much to it but the fact that its a guitar stand,nothing special about it. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Shumway review I use these on my Hofner and Gibson ES-135. They sound amazing and feel fantastic. These will be the only strings to go on my Jazz guitars from now on. overallrating 5   lineend
name cincinnatislim review Purchased these for a new Heritage H-575 arch top.  A few months later, the high E string unwound from the ball end.  Overall good strings, good sound -- this set simply didn't last very long.  I will replace with 12s however.  For me the 11s felt a little loose.  The 12s will likely improve the sound of the jazz box.  I have 12s on an Epiphone Joe Pass model.  I'll be curious to hear how the 12s sound incomparison to the 11s. overallrating 2   lineend
name DMANBASS review I bought my first set of these strings about two years ago and havent looked back since.  Awesome feel, sound and price. Just the right thickness for playing all the classic rock and acoustic stuff that I do.  I know they are electric strings but they do sound nice when playing acoustically written songs on my Strat. One thing I notice with these is that they seem to sound new a lot longer than others I have tried. Thats nice. overallrating 5   lineend
name Handsome Johnny review These strings have a tonal quality that will change your life, if you'eve ever wondered how the greats such as Wes Montgomery, George Benson, and Larry Coryell have been able to get their awesome, mellow tones.  I'd recommend this even to metal players as a change of pace, as they may get something out of it that they've never considered before.  Obviously, this takes someone who is willing to give a change to their accustomed style of playing a try.  Trust me - I've been playing professionally for decades, and I can say that there's no way I'd turn my back on these as a jazz enthusiast.  Also, if you're interested in saving the skin on your fingers, this product will help, as I haven't even come close to the normal amount of skin shedding experienced previously on roundwounds. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Edgar Mihelic review  I had put these on, and my wife picked my guitar to play, and she was confused.They do take some time getting used to.  They don't rip up your hand as much, and if you keep your fingers on the strings as you shift, there is less friction.  This is good, but it takes some getting used to.  I used that finger-tip friction to let me know where I was on the fretboard.  With these, I found myself over-shifting both high and low.I like them, and they sound nice, but i bought some round wounds to replace these when the time comes. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jorge Barbarosa review  Flatwound? Ribbon wound?  It's all the same, no squeak, slick, jazzer mellow in tone.  It's a sound that many would like to acheive.  But why not round wounds?  Round wounds give a bit of grip, round wounds also have more surface area and are louder.  Okay, but I have a pickup, want the mellower tone, sans finger noise.  It's important for my playing to not have finger noise.I have the Les Paul for harder edged music, but the archtop jazzbox pleads for a mellower tone, hence the flats.I have a couple of friends who are really great Jazz guitar stylists, they both use D'Addario Chromes - over nickel, so I thought I would try them out.  Nice, buttery smooth and I couldn't really recognized the difference over nickel flats, except the price, and the wear seemed a bit better.Wear and tear is not really a factor for me, as I change out strings every 3 to 6 weeks depending on how much I'm playing.Not ready to take the plunge?  It is a different feel, if not, try half rounds.  They're a hybrid of both, less finger noise, a bit more surface area, hence output.  Output is not a problem if you are amplified.Check them out.  I use the medium gauge, with a 13 high E, the G is wound also.  Finger style or with a heavy Dunlap tortex pick, the attack noise is also reduced with the flats.  I like them alot. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Rodino review I'm a bassist, and am familiar with the flat/round/half-round debate on BASSES (I prefer flats). Anyway, my son wanted these for his Epiphone Casino because he heard John Lennon used (a different brand of) flat-wounds. They sound AMAZING! They make that Casino ring like a carillon, yet will get &#34;down & dirty&#34; when called for. A VERY &#34;different&#34; sound range than round wounds. In fact, it's about time to order another set or three.... overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael J. Edelman review Thee only flatwound strings I've tried that sound significantly better than these are the Thomastiks, which cost twice as much, and they're not twice as good. Maybe if I was a working pro I'd buy the Thomastiks, but for me, the D'Addarios sound good, and last a long time.If you've never played flatwounds, you might be surprised to discover that they far outlast round wound strings. That's because what kills the sound of strings is gunk from your fingers and the air getting in between the windings and damping the vibration. Back when guitar strings were more a lot more expensive, it wasn't that unusual to remove strings, boil them, and put them back on. Some electric bassists still do this.) With flats, the gunk doesn't get in between the wraps, and if you don't break a string you can play a set for months.I have different guitars set up with different strings ranging from  10s (my Fenders) to  13 (my archtop.) Rockers playing  10s and  09s might be intimidated by  13s, but they're not that much harder to play, and after a little practice it's easy. Jazzers seldom if ever play six-string bar chords or bend strings, which means you just don't need that much muscle anyway. Flatwounds are also generally set with a fairly low action. They don't vibrate as widely as roundwounds, so they don't need as much clearance.If you're looking for that classic electric jazz guitar sound, flats are the way to go, and the D'Addarios are as good as you need. (Rockers looking for that 60s sound might try the D'Addario flatwound  10s. Almost the same sound as the Pyramids, and a lot cheaper.) overallrating 5   lineend
name Roger review I like a mellow sound with a smooth feel. These strings are what I needed and they perform.D'Addario ECG23 Chromes Flat Wound Electric Guitar overallrating 5   lineend
name rusty springer review No lie, these are the perfect strings for an electric arch-top.Smooth but not dull sounding. Will defiantly be buying more. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sphinx90 review Have these on my Tele, very interesting to play around with. I bought the regular gauge first and usually use pink slinkeys on all my electrics, the regular chromes where like telephone wires compared to my regular gauge so I bought these instead. These were a lot easier to play and more like my slinkeys. They still are heavier and you can really feel it when bending but they add a completely different feel to playing guitar and your tone. When playing these I tend to play more sixties inspired, the flats help capture that surf guitar tone which is really cool. I really like them but they are completely different and I wouldn't recommend them to everyone. As far as CQ goes these are great, no problems, feel great, sound great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bloose review Does the job of removing dust from you records without harming it. The handle folds down when not in use to protect the bristles. Over all a nice product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Daniel G. Lebryk review This brush is used to remove static electricity and light dust from records before each playing. This is not a deep cleaning, dust or dirt removal brush; it is a compliment to record cleaning solutions like this excellent liquid cleaner by Last (LAST PC Power Cleaner 3/4 Oz.).The brush is super simple to use, with the album on your turntable, hold it at roughly a ninety degree angle for about two revolutions, and then sweep it off the LP. No fuss, no muss, no fooling around. Never touch the carbon fiber with your fingers. When there is visible dust on the fibers, give the brush a good flick by rotating the handle across the fibers. After each use, rotate the handle around to cover the fibers. If you press the brush too hard against the album, or do the deep dive sharp angle trick, fibers will be broken off the brush. Just press lightly against the rotating LP, sweep the brush off the LP, and all will be wonderful with this brush.This brush is sold under many different brand names, ClearAudio, AudioQuest, and Thorens.The brush comes with no instructions for use, an odd omission. Maybe there is an assumption that the brush is so easy to use, instructions would be redundant.Audiophile or not, this brush is a must have for anyone that still loves analog recordings. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Vento review This is a great addition to any stereo system today, assuming you still use your turntable.  Two passes with this brush will clean up any of my records and get them ready for play, free of any annoying pops or clicks.  It won't save a dirty record, you'll have to buy a cleaning solution for that, but this brush will easily take care of dust, hair, and other particles that get attracted to your LPs during regular use.  As another reviewer suggested, I do the first pass with the brush going with the record, as if I was spreading out paint or something like that, and that gets most of the surface particulate free.  The second pass is with the brush going directly against the motion of the record, and this cleans out the dust from inside the grooves of the record.  After that, your record will sound brand new again!There are definitely more comprehensive cleaning and maintenance options, but none that are this easy and this cheap. overallrating 5   lineend
name Samuel Chell review The version I picked came with a grounding wire, claiming that using the wire in conjunction with the brush would discharge all of the electrostatic-producing snap, crackles, and pops.  If you believe that, continue to do so, and maybe you'll imagine less surface noise than was the case before employing the device.  Speaking more pragmatically, I've found some use for the item only when loose, conspicuous debris has collected on the surface of a vinyl disc. overallrating 2   lineend
name Techie review  Seems to get a bit of dust up off the surface of the record, but frankly, the old Discwasher type with the fluid does a much better job.  Better yet is to clean your records well with warm water and dish soap (and a new paint brush), then rinse them well and dry with a clean micro fiber cloth.  Just try not to get the labels wet. overallrating 3   lineend
name Z. Mehrbach review  This is everything you need in a record brush.  The bristles are the perfect quality and softness to get all the dust that sits between the lines of the record. Highly recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name Audie review I was worried about dropping my guitar on my foot, or the floor. The strap wouldn't hold my guitar any longer. I wanted something cheap, something that don't require to remove the buttons by unscrewing it, I was worried about damaging my guitar. So I decided to get this strap lock, it rocks and it works perfectly. overallrating 5   lineend
name Calvin Young review I've used a few different strap lock systems and this is by far my favorite design (not to mention the most affordable which must be due to its simplicity).  To use these, you put your strap on your guitar (as usual) then put the locks on.  Rotate the smaller piece until the holes line up then slide the lock on above the strap.  Once the lock has passed the head of the guitar's strap button, rotate the smaller piece again until the holes do not line up (close position) which should be about 180 degrees from open position.  Very simple and works very well.I have not used any lock system that's perfect.  Every one that I've used failed at one point or another (came off unexpectedly).  These work exceptionally well.  What I like about this design is that it doesn't require any modifications on the guitar or the strap.  You can use the strap you like without adding anything to it and you don't have to replace the guitar's existing strap buttons.But they do stick out a bit (to keep the strap from sliding off) so if you're concerned about looks, you might want to try another system that's more discreet.  Also, I tend to use thinner leather straps that have thinner ends.  These will likely not work very well with thicker straps that tend to take up most of the height of most strap buttons. overallrating 5   lineend
name carolinaautoguy review The strap locks do work... But they are kind of a pain. They are fairly large, and when I installed the second one, the pieces kept coming apart. They go back together easily, but I had to install one piece at a time.The strap lock required some effort to install on a thick leather strap, I really had to squeeze it into place.It feels safe and secure. overallrating 3   lineend
name Darkrin review does not work for all guitars.  one of my guitars has a more rounded head and it does not fit over that anyway I have tried. though with the arrow shaped holders it works as it should overallrating 4   lineend
name Federico Pacheco Zamora review every single guitarist that's plays live or even just practices standing up at home has that worry &#34;is my guitar gonna cut lose for my strap and fall down to the floor?&#34; well, there little fellows are a solution, they work just fine, and i think they are reliable. wish they were made it such a way that the securing mechanism were stronger. but i mean, good price, no need to change the guitar's built in strap buttons... 100% recommended... also, i read a review 'bout it not fitting some guy's lp... well obviously, that depends on the strap... but it use these strap locks on my lp standard 1959 vos, and they fit just fine (use it with a gibson asfb-blk strap). overallrating 4   lineend
name GreatAPG review It's an ok product for the price but they are weak and with a very small amount of force they will pop off. overallrating 3   lineend
name Huevos Rancheros review  I'm using this with an Ovation Balladeer. A guitar with a rounded back that demands you use it with a guitar strap at all times. My guitar strap is over 50 years old, circa 1967, so the leather is a bit worn and it had a tendency to slide off the strap holders on the guitar at the most inopportune times.With these strap loks, the strap never comes off. I leave it on when  I put the guitar in the case, and they are there and waiting when I get it back out. I've had it on for 2 and a half months now, with no problems. The hardest part was putting them on, which really wasn't hard at all, just took a moment to understand the mechanics of the mechanism and voila' Bob's your uncle!!Recommend these for anyone who needs to keep their guitar strapped and ready for action. They are plastic and will wear out someday, I'll buy another pair then. overallrating 5   lineend
name jimrenfroe review I've read where people are using bottle caps instead of these. My guitar is more valuable to me than that I suppose, because I'm not trusting that my expensive gitty won't hit the floor. I mean you pay for a quality instrument right? Why on earth would you skimp on keeping it safe? I'm sorry but that's just idiocy in action. This isn't 1960, get an upgrade already. I play standing up 95% of the time, so these are a necessity. I have had these separate on me when taking them off hastily, but all except one snapped right back together. When I first started playing, I had a brand new (to me) guitar hit the floor and the neck break because I didn't use them. That's something that should only happen once in your life, if at all. The only complaint I have is whatever happened to the round ones? They were a bit more appealing to the eye and do the same thing just as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lee review Low cost strap lock that works on most Guitars buttons. It comes two in a package. I used one on four of my Guitars, but had to install a smaller button on one Guitar. This design works best for me. Love it! overallrating 5   lineend
name luiszo review I purchased these as well as the Jim Dunlop 7000 locks.  I recommend the 7000 model.  They both work the same way and are made pretty much the same way, but these are just to big and clumsy.  The 7000 model does the same and doesn't take as much space.  You will need the straps to either be thin at the ends or your strap buttons/pegs to have enough room for the strap and then these units.  This is true for either one of the models.  I have a regular nylon 2&#34; Levy strap and these two models (7000 and 7007SI) work well, but I prefer the smaller, rounder model (7000). overallrating 2   lineend
name Minh Pham review They only fit if you have enough room in your strap button, if not they will just pop right out. I threw mine away. overallrating 1   lineend
name Musicman review My rhythm guitar player recently dropped and broke his SG because of no strap locks. I bought him a set of these. I use them because unless you standardize you need a separate strap for every set of locks. This eliminates that issue and is short money next to a guitar repair. overallrating 5   lineend
name RelevantC review I bought two sets, this is a great why if to keep your strap on your guitar, if you still what to keep everything stock! overallrating 5   lineend
name Truthinadvertising review I even called Dunlop to see if these lok strap systems would work for an electric acoustic.  The guy at Dunlop told me \"oh yes, they have been specifically designed to work with electric acoustic\".  That is NOT the case.  I purchased multiple units, and it will cost me more to return to Amazon than it's worth.  But basically I know have hunks of plastic that I could use to make a sculpture!Because of the bottom pin being the plug in for electric pick up, the thickness causes a problem and this plastic do hickey will not fit.If anyone out there has a solution for securing the strap, please reply to this feedback.What really frosts me is that I called Dunlop and apparently their customer service folks don't know their products well enough to be recommending product.  It's called, TRAIN your people!!! overallrating 1   lineend
name Vensez review I read the reviews here on Amazon and was kind of turned off of buying it at first. Eventually I went ahead and sprung for it since it wasn't expensive. I only needed one, and expected the package to come with just one, but it has two locks so that was a pleasant surprise. I've had them for 2-3 months now and they haven't failed me yet. They keep the strap in place just fine and are fairly sturdy for plastic pieces. Really helped a lot because my strap would keep slipping off the knob and I had to use my ninja skills to get the guitar before it hit the floor. The only complaint I have is that they fit a bit tight with my strap (though it could be my nylon strap is just a bit too thick) and they are an EXTREMELY snug fit which makes me kinda nervous. However, I keep them as tight as I can while still allowing them to rotate a bit so everything is fine so far. Not sure why the other reviews were so negative, but I have no complaints. overallrating 4   lineend
name William B. Mattes review  Hard to believe this was so bad. I have a Planet Waves locking guitar strap, which is a dream, and thought this would allow me to lock a regular strap. However, it is so thick that it can't really fit on a regular guitar strap pin with a strap, and when I tried to lock it, the two pieces came apart. Go with the Planet Waves Lock Straps. overallrating 1   lineend
name auyanetjl review Great for the price. It is a very accesible option and does what it has to do. Must have for solos overallrating 5   lineend
name Bryan Croad review Doesn't color the sound, depending on how you're using it you can push the channel or get an extra channel.  I've turned a two channel amp into four with this puppy!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Diego A. Umana review This is a great effect. Awesome engineering as Jim Dunlop's MXR products has always presented. The true bypass feature and the high-end quality materials make it very reliable and dependable. This is very sensitive boost pedal that will deliver as it should. I actually believe this will exceed all your expectations. Ships fast. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Luis Santana review Excelente pedal!!! Es un boost sin saturacion excelente para las partes donde queremos que la guitarra destaque!! Indispensable!!! :D Saludos desde Venezuelaaa!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael K. Mcneill review  This thing really kicks it up nice and clean or real dirty over the top!I had a LPB1 that sucked tone and sounded like crap but I really need a line boost and didn't want to spend a lot for one.This little baby at about 3 o'clock setting does a real nice job for my solos and louder sections of songs. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bilbo review I replaced the nasty, crooked, chipping plastic pins for these, and they work very well in keeping the strings where they should be.  I'm not convinced that they change the sound of my D-28 very much for better or worse.  I replaced one pin at a time and compared strings and really couldn't tell much of a difference, still they are better to handle and remove than the nasty plastic ones, so I consider them an upgrade. overallrating 4   lineend
name CruiseTraveler review I bought these to replace the plastic bridge pins that came on my Fender acoustic. These are easy to install using the instructions (or without). These are also sturdy and look very good. overallrating 4   lineend
name D. Oliver review I installed these pins in my Silvertone SD10.  They fit great and are a lot better than the cheap plastic ones that were in it.  If you have a lower end guitar, I highly recommend these pins.  The saddle will make a bigger difference in sound than the pins, but every little bit helps.  For the cost, you can't beat it. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Thomas review  Sound quality did improve over the plastic pegs.  Next in line is to tweak my bridge by replacing the plastic saddle with a Tusq.  This should improve my sustain and tone even more.  If you're looking for a budget increase of tone ... this is a way to go. overallrating 5   lineend
name Guitar Operator review  I ordered these for a Gibson Songwriter Deluxe EC Custom Vintage and they seem a little bit thinner with slightly smaller heads and a micro-touch longer than the stock pins from Gibson.The pins measure: 28mm -or- 1 1/4\" inches in length.I was going to return them but figured I would try them out in my Gibson Blues King L-00 parlor sized guitar.It was about the same result, a little too thin, smaller heads and slightly longer but I went ahead and tried them.GLAD I DID.I didn't think that after using the Tusq bridge that came stock from Gibson it would make any detectable difference but I was wrong. I CAN tell a slight difference. I did not remove the strings, just loosened them so it was compared to the set that was on it, which were fresh from yesterday.A small amount of improvement in sustain and high end frequencies ringing out was noticeable.They also provide a graph in the packaging info, but I think that it was a test using BOTH the TUSQ pins AND replacement saddle. If you haven't changed your saddle...do it now and get rid of that soft plastic one.I must admit, I did order these with about 75% of \"dressing up\" the guitar in mind, and any amount of tonal improvement would be gladly appreciated but not expected. I got both.White with Paua Dot inlay looks very nice and provides the eye candy I was seeking, although there is no care taken as to \"match the dots\" for consistency, -they will vary in appearance.The TUSQ Pins being a wee bit smaller seem to slide down all the way...right away and need to be pushed all the way into the slot while stringing up the guitar. The heads set flush to the bridge mount compared to the Gibson stock plastic pins that stick up a little higher, and I do wish that the TUSQ pins were the same size.I will see how well they do on the Blues King and most likely will order new pins for the Songwriter Deluxe once they pass the test of time and playing for a month or two. I don't expect them to cause any problems and should provide the extra sustain and ringing that is very much appreciated in any small amount or fashion!If in doubt, consider changing your strings to a brand that might be more suited for the \"tone\" you have in mind, be it darker, brighter, softer, louder, etc. Strings make a big difference and I find using D'Addario phosphor bronze strings very bright & ringy, last long, are affordable, and seem noticeably louder than GHS or Ernie Ball. (steel strings only - does not apply to nylon or gut strings.)Once again, if you have a plastic saddle and/or nut then these pins might not make much of a noticeable difference...then again, they might make all the difference in the world! You just have to try them and see.They are inexpensive and pretty...well worth the risk! overallrating 4   lineend
name Marty German review  These are slightly larger diameter than the original pins were. This is exactly what I wanted since my 1973 acoustic guitar has been restrung so many times that the bridge pin holes were getting loose enough that the original plastic pins were very low and difficult to grab and pull out. These new pins fit those holes perfectly and make stringing my guitar a pleasure, again! And there is also a noticeable improvement in the sound, over that produced by the plastic pins. overallrating 5   lineend
name Guitar Operator review  I ordered three of these ...so far!Very affordable and good quality. Made in Canada.Keeps wireless unit very snug and tight.Easy in and out with Velcro retaining strap. (all leather.)I use the little plastic flat ring on the bottom to loop my strap through which keeps it tight against the guitar strap.The width of the slots are 1 inch and 1/16&#34; or approximately 27 mm wide. The leather will bend a little to allow a slightly larger and tighter fit.These are much better than I suspected and have a few expensive Levy's classic padded straps. They fit each other like a glove and are very high quality without getting ridiculous or gawdy.If you click on the item and go to the product page I have uploaded some photos of actual use and close-ups. overallrating 5   lineend
name Keane O'Kelley review I purchased this item and immediatly noticed upon arrival that the slits in which the strap go into are way too small for a typical strap. Way too small, maybe like a third of the width. I just have a normal planet waves strap, and it does not fit. However, it does hold the XDS transmitter nicely and securely. So looks like I will have to get creative with duct tape or something.UPDATE:When attached with rubber bands to my planet waves strap, it stays on pretty snugly. But you need to attach it with something. overallrating 3   lineend
name Michael A. Rammel review  I really like it!!!!!  You have to have a Levy's strap to use this but since they are the most durable and comfortable I already own two of them. I never have to worry about the transmitter hitting the floor. I check the battery level when I am not playing, the strap goes over the leds, but that is a minor issue. Most good wireless transmitters only use one or two batteries. I always use new ones so I know I have way more juice then I need for my practice or whatever.This is very ruggedly made I think it will last for ever. overallrating 5   lineend
name Teh Arbitrageur review  What's most impressive isn't the top-drawer leather and craftsmanship -- that goes without saying from Levy's.  it's the clever design, the way it fits onto almost any guitar strap, adjusts to almost any position, and adjusts to (almost) any small wireless transmitter.  transmitter, not receiver! overallrating 5   lineend
name Tony review I like it that it fits well on my strap and that it has a good snug hold on the receiver overallrating 5   lineend
name BelleBelle review This came in the mail today in a rather large box. The blue LED light is fine, you can put about 5 medium picks in the Pick holder. More than enough to keep me and a friend in picks for a few songs. It is not bad but I don't think I would purchase another one. overallrating 4   lineend
name Elizabeth Collins review This unique gift put a big smile on the male teen musician in our home and that made me smile. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Miller review  Great use to hold a guitar pick and to use to find your keys to open the door with.My son likes it and uses it often overallrating 5   lineend
name saint Jimmy review I had intended to carry this, with my keys, attached to my chain wallet. But the wallet hasn't arrived yet so be warned it is a little bit of a pocket space eater. But I suspected it would be before I ordered it so I don't count that against it. Holds 3 medium picks with grip exceptionally tight...almost annoyingly hard to get one out. Will be sure to update if wear & tear has any effect on the grip on the picks. But so far, so great and would consider purchasing this for my musically inclined friends. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sunluvr review  I clip this pick holder to my music stand and it's always handy, and very easy to use.  I use thin picks and was able to fit four of them into this holder. overallrating 5   lineend
name al review the sleek design is just great as the product does not hinder your hands and fingers while fretting a chord.  holds down exceptionally well and the release is effortless.  what i really like is that the padded material is very forgiving and holds the strings without any fret buzz and never damages my guitars.  it is also just great to &#34;hang&#34; on the headstock went not in use. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrew M. review Most of the time I am able to use the G7 capo with one hand when moving it, adjusting it, and clamping it in place. However, sometimes I have to use both hands to squeeze it in place so the strings don't buzz. That may seem like not such a big deal, but I prefer to have an easier one to work with. I have small hands, and an old carpal injury, so I prefer to have as little strain as possible to place the capo. This one is better than the any of the clasping kinds (Keysers, etc) in that respect. After a couple of playing sessions, I figured out how best to use this capo with just one hand most of the time. Now that I've learned how best to use it, I'll keep it. When I first got it I was upset that I had to use 2 hands and forcible squeezing to put in place, but now I've learned how to work it better so that I can do most of it with one hand without too much strain.A capo should: be easy to remove and put on, stay in tune, not hurt the hands (no 2 handed squeezing), not interfere with playing when inserted, and it shouldn't break too soon (have at least several months to a year before breaking if at all).On the plus side, this unit seems pretty well made, so it should last a long time. I think it meets all the criteria except for having to squeeze it tight periodically.I've tried so many capos now, and the only ones I liked were the Planet Waves screw tops, they are easy to use, easy to move from fret to fret, light on the hands, stay in tune and out of the way, but they break in damp California weather (I've had 4 of them break on me, within a couple months. They snap and go airborn, which is dangerous). Next I'll try the Dunlop Victor capos, they are screw tops similar in style to the Planet Waves (Dunlop also makes the Planet Waves capos), but they are made with more durable bronze, so they should last longer, and I hope those will be the best for me. I also ordered an aluminum version of the Planet Waves in hopes it won't break like their thermoplastic ones do.If you have small hands like me, and don't want to strain the hands while playing, like me, then that rules out the Kysers and any of the squeezing type of capos. The Shubs fall off and are a hassle all around to take off and on and adjust, and the springtop ones are suspect as well. That's why I like the screwtops that don't get in the way and are easy to adjust. Ok, I hope the Dunlop Victor will do the job for me now, I'll try it next. overallrating 3   lineend
name bobby 12333 review I have owned my G7th Capo over a year now & as far as I'm concerned it beats all the others I've owned in the past hands down!! So easy to use & can clamp right on my guitar nut for ease of moving when needed. overallrating 5   lineend
name chris review I use this on my Takamine and my Tele. It is easy to use, applies the right amount of tension and looks very cool. You can leave it clipped on the headstock when not using it. Cheaper ones will work, but I wanted to try it out. I do like it overallrating 5   lineend
name Clayton A. Cohn review I bought this capo thinking it would look slicker without the clamp handles sticking out but what I found is that although it looks cool, it's complicated (which for a capo is saying something). The release lever makes it difficult to get a good amount of pressure on the strings and nearly impossible to put it at the top of the guitar when not in use.Bottom line: If you don't mind the extra effort and don't plan on keeping it on your guitar when not using, then maybe you will enjoy it. For everyone else, look elsewhere. overallrating 2   lineend
name Dan Edman review I bought this because after I rebuilt a guitar that was very special to me it wouldn't stay in tune. I took it to a number of guys thinking I did something wrong in the build and was just overlooking it. I use a capo a lot so when someone recommended this...I thought they were crazy. I'm not paying that much for a capo and I doubt that is the problem. Well....I broke down and I'm glad I did. This thing is amazing. It solved the problem because I can set the tension and the design make it sit just right on my strat. Spend the money...it's worth it. Only con is that it takes some practice to change it quickly. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Reinstein review  This new type and design of capos, manufactued in England (and warranteed for life) is truly wonderful.  Available in six and twelve string steel-string as well as a new classical version, they are all easy to use, solidly built and - perhaps most importantly, easy to put on and take off with one hand without having to retune!  For a musician, this is the most cricial element - that, and that it is 'kind' to the materials used in the manufacture of a good guitar.  I use mine on a Martin HD28 and have had no problems whatsoever. A great move toward a new generation of capos! Not cheap - but worth every cent. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jean Hanna Davis review Once you get the hang of this capo, it's wonderful.  It takes a bit to get used to squeezing it to the correct tension.I have several guitars - but the one that I love using this capo on has a hard &#34;V&#34; neck.  It's pretty accurate on that neck up to the 4th fret.Nice product.  Worth the investment.  Now I just have to figure out how to keep up with it!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Kenneth G. Nielsen review  This capo works on my acoustics as well as electrics and is no-fuss with positive micro-action that allows you to apply just the right pressure by simply squeezing it down after it is in place. Holds the notes securely and with marvelous clarity giving you a pure new guitar tuning at whichever fret you choose. Removal is simple also, just press the release tab and it's ready to remove, no muss no fuss, it really does work that well. Highly recommend. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Griffith review This capo is expensive, but I have never found one that works so well. It is worth the money in my opinion. overallrating 5   lineend
name mike n ike review I've tried Kyser capos and they're good. They work. This capo, however, just works simply, smoothly, and it's a great pleasure to operate. Like a Seagull vs a Taylor 8 series, they both work, but one has more beauty in its being. Made in China, designed in Europe, slippery, a bit heavy, but still very, very nice. It's more money than I'd have liked to have paid, but I'm glad I did. Did it improve my life? Not at all. It also didn't improve my guitar playing - but somehow it's just so much nicer to have than any other capo I've used. overallrating 5   lineend
name M. LeFevers review This capo is expensive. The first time I (and everybody else) saw one, I said, \"Wow. I can get a Kyser or something for fifteen bucks. Get out of here.\"Five capos later, I realize that I could probably have just shelled out the money, instead of purchasing every other capo on the market, one at a time, over the last fifteen years.The first and last thing that really needs to be said about the G7th is this -- it doesn't put my guitar out of tune. Virtually at all. I can capo all the way up to the seventh or eighth fret and my micro-sensitive tuner shows that I'm still within one glowing light of being perfectly on. That's it. Yes, the G7th is sleek and beautiful, like a tiny sculpture, and glorious to look at, and sometimes I just want to stare at it. Yes, it's easy to put on, just a mere squeeze of the hand away from being perfectly in place. Yes, it appears to be sturdy enough to outlive me and my descendants. But the tuning thing is all that really sets one capo apart from another, at the end of the day, and this one kills it.I own three Shubbs, a Kyser, a Dunlop, and one of those rolling capos. They're all good. I don't hate any of them. But this capo takes away all the uncertainty and irritation of being a fraction out of tune with the rest of the band, or with myself. It makes playing guitar with a capo effortless and a joy. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ocean Blue review As musicians, sometimes we find just the right sound or feel with a piece of equipment and it changes everything taking our performance to a new level.  For me it happened when I found just the right sound & feel from my Taylor acoustic guitar, the right vocal mics, the right mixer, my Bose L1 Model II, etc.Today I had one of those finds. After years of being somewhat dissatisfied with every capo I've encountered I discovered the perfect capo for me: the G7th Performance Capo.  I'm not kidding - it was one of those finds.  As an acoustic guitar player / vocalist, obviously, I have to play all of my songs in the right key for an optimum vocal performance.  This means occasionally relying on a capo to get just the right key with just the right chord shape/structure.  Unfortunately, some of my songs had review  s & videos I watched that I'd have to pinch-down on the open end fairly firmly for a secure hold - this was NOT the case.  I think the G7th has just the right width & density of foam under the top bar:  a) providing more \"friction\" to hold this capo in place;  b) playing a role in very effectively dampening the strings; & c) possibly being more gentle on the strings than a more narrow/harder foam or rubber top bar, thus having less impact on tuning.I did find one slight negative about this capo which I was able to quickly overcome.  The end of the top metal bar (on the open end of capo) is slightly more \"squared-off\" than the end of the bottom piece (which in contrast is rounded off).  It may be just the way I play some chords, but my hand was contacting that squared-off end of the top bar & was getting irritated - so I simply turned the capo around with the open end facing me (versus facing the floor) & the surfaces contacting my hand were far smoother - thus, zero  irritation.  This was nothing new to me - I have had to do this with other capos.Others have commented on the cost of this capo.  For me, the cost of this capo was nothing compared to the many thousands of dollars I've spent finding just the right guitars, PA's, mics, & other equipment / accessories.  I almost can't believe it only cost me $40 to make such a difference in my sound. The G7th Performance Capo is priceless !!!Overall, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this capo - if you're like me - this could be a very inexpensive way to take your performance to the next level !!!  I'm a strong believer in having back-ups for critical components so I will immediately purchase another G7th as a back-up (maybe I'll order the black or gold & use my silver one as the back-up). overallrating 5   lineend
name Peter Padro review This is the last Capo you will ever need to buy unless you have the need for both curved and straight capos for various fretboards in which case you'll still want to stay with the G7th capos for both needs. No need to worry about damaging your guitar neck from over tightening or nonpadded contact. No spring clamp to wear out & lose gripping strength which produces a buzz over time.  Low profile design is the easiest for playability as you don't have to learn to play around it like you do on a Keyser. The unique, adjustable tension also allows you to control to sound to your liking, great for advanced tricks like capoing just a few strings. Can't say enough about this easy to use tool with ultra simple, unobtrusive design.  Love it and have one in every case. overallrating 5   lineend
name Philip Gardner review Probably the best capo I have ever had. It's easy to put on and holds the strings well. Although you always need to check the tuning after putting any capo on a guitar, this one seems not to upset the tuning too much. I'm impressed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ricky Shows review The G7th Performance Capo is by far the nicest capo I have had in 35 years of playing. The main obstacle in using in using a capo is it throwing your guitar all out of tune every single time. Well, the G7th Performance capo is definitely the Worlds best at keeping your guitar in tune. It is easy to use. And holds all strings down completely and easily. The G7th Performance Capo is something that you will definitely not want to lose. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ryszard Sytnik review I'm a beginner and I try to learn to play guitar. I was looking for many different capo's but this one was my choice base on other folks review. Is easy to apply small and sexy ;-) overallrating 5   lineend
name Secret Squirrel review  A friend of mine who is a guitar repair genus (and budding luthier) recommended this capo when I mentioned intonation problems with my guitar...I had always had some issues with it, but it was liveable. The real problem began when I switched to different strings- silk and steels. I  LOVED the tone I was now getting, but the intonation problems were suddenly much worse.What I had not considered, until my friend mentioned it, is that while my new strings provide the tonal warmth I was looking for, they are also easier to \"bend out of tune\". (Duh, I should have thought about this, it makes perfect sense in retrospect!) The capo I had been using was putting WAY too much pressure on the strings, and  greatly exacerbated the existing issue... one that will ultimately need to be taken in and repaired.So he mentioned this capo, and I immediately chortled. ($50 bucks? That's how much he payed. Yikes!)Then he grabbed his G7 from the car and let me try it. The strings stayed in tune! That's $350 on repair I can pocket for other things, at least for the time being. I was so impressed!I ordered one the next day.I am sure I will miss not being able to stick it on the usual perch when I am playing live, but it is really easy to use in general, and I won't look back. The intonation issues are greatly reduced, and I am thrilled.Worth every penny. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Hill review  We bought the Pyle-Pro Lavalier Wireless Microphone System for use with thePyle Pwma230. We needed an extra wireless mic for our workshop presenters and this was a very inexpensive choice. For the price, this worked a lot better than I expected but it did take some adjustment to the \"Trim Screw\" on the receiver to get the clarity and range needed. We also had to tape the little wire antenna up so it wasn't hanging in front of the speaker (this might not be an issue for you, depending on where you plug yours in).There are a lot of very expensive wireless mic units that I'm sure would provide better sound and range, but this one works just fine for our uses.Overall, a good value for the low cost of this unit. overallrating 4   lineend
name CLS review Barring any interference from any other devices or radio stations broadcasting on the same frequency and any manufacturer's defects ... the unit does what it was meant to do. I do however question whether the word \"Pro\" should apply to this system. Although the 1/4 inch mono plug that comes with the receiver offers the ability of plugging directly into most powered speaker systems or to a mixer, the overall quality of the audio brought back memories of mornings standing outside the classroom with my schoolmates and listening first to the national anthem being played and then announcements coming out of the pa system. The signal does experience some fading when the transmitter is moved about. To its defense, it is fighting against a radio music station broadcasting at near band frequency which can be received if the transmitter is off or further than 25 feet away.After playing with the device for a couple more minutes, I noticed that any movement whether I kept the receiver and transmitter stationary and I moved about my home or moved just the transmitter about severely affected the quality of the reception. Even the length of the mic cord, whether wound up or straight or even just gathered around the sending unit had an adverse effect on the sound output quality. YIKES!!! Perhaps its because of the competing signal its receiving from another source which I previously described above. I'm afraid this would not be a very usable and dependable device for my purposes. I'll probably be returning this unit asap. overallrating 2   lineend
name Dave review  If you have a better mic, you can plug that into the transmitter as it's a simple mini jack (1/8&#34;) and that helps this sound wise quite a bit!  I will say range is not great, it won't go 500 feet like my expensive Sennheiser kit but this will go about 30 feet line of sight before  cutting out.Note it's VHF, not UHF so it is more prone to interference.I find the transmitters' to be cheap and the battery cover does not fit all that well.  I also wish it was an XLR connection.  A lock on the plug to the transmitter would also have been nice and note the clip and all that is plastic so don't toss this around or it WILL break.For general use in doors, it's decent and for sure worth the price...but if you're looking for something clear, you should look to spend at least $500 on a wireless lapel or handheld system. overallrating 3   lineend
name F. Wise review  Bought this as a back-up to my AT system and have only tried it in my living room. Home tests show it works fairly well in that environment although I think I hear a little distortion if I turn the gain up too much (I don't think you can change the gain on the AT system). My only nitpick is that I'll need to use an adapter to go from the guitar plug to a 1/8&#34;. For the price, it's amazing. I just hope it works in the field as well. overallrating 4   lineend
name ixd735 review I bought this because--hey, a wireless mic for $13? Why not? I  might  be able to use this in a public address system--the connections all work, and it makes sounds, but the static is unbearable no matter how much I fiddle with different, the adjustment screw in the receiver... nothing works. The audio is always clipped. Don't even think of using this for music. overallrating 1   lineend
name Leseagle review Arrive, in trashed packing, but the worst was that it sounded like a piece of chalk on a blackboard... certainly NOT professional quality or any quality that I would give it. overallrating 1   lineend
name Michael L. Knapp review My wife & myself are a Celtic duo and a number of our shows are at renaiessance fairs where no visable pa equipment is allowed. We considered a wireless to use with a battery powered Crate Taxi which could easily be hidden but most wireless receivers need a power outlet & at these events no power is available. When I saw this at the price offered  and that both the mic transmitter and the receiver were battery powered I thought it was worth a try. In the past we had a problem keeping an audiance because at some events where the natural acoustics are less than stellar they just plain couldn't hear the stories in the songs. We use this to give our voices a small, unobvious boost. It kind of has the effect of adding a tweeter to a speaker in that it gives our voices the clairity to be understood. The result has been that audiances now stay for the entire show, laughing at the comedy, crying at the tragedy.  Our tips & cd sales have gone WAY up. Is it high fidelity? Quite simply, no. But in our case it works beautifully. Recommended, just remember the price point and you won't be disappointed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrew Walker review I LOVE this mic as an indoor studio mic.  I would not use it in a location with a high level of background noise as it is omni-directional and picks up quite a lot of extra noise.  But when the conditions are quiet like in a studio, this mic ROCKS. Clean, warm sound that picks up natural bass really well.  Good for vocals (singing), or instruments like a guitar or piano. Also have used it for some minor podcasting and it worked very well for that too!Comes with a dB limiter (-16dB)switch, right on the mic.  Works really nicely at limiting background noise.I would highly recommend this especially at the price.  Comes with a decent hard case and SWEET shock mount.  Very happy overall. overallrating 5   lineend
name Claudia A. Portillo review i love it! im using this mic to record my vocals for my home made demos, it works just awesome. quality and price, im just satisfied! overallrating 5   lineend
name David G review Best sounding vocal mike for the bucks.  I tried many MXL mikes (under 200) and this was the only one that came close.  Unfortunately, the top end isn't as defined as a AT2035 or NT1-A.  So I ended up forking out 2x as much and going with the latter. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ed Figueroa review Love this little guy! I was previously using a Blue USB Snowball. This just sounds so much fuller and more real. overallrating 5   lineend
name ffsalsa review These microphones were made for the studio, I used it for live performance, you better have a good PA System to enjoy the sound, there everything that the video showed, it's a great microphone period. Top of the line and it works great, thank you Marshall Electronics and Amazon. overallrating 5   lineend
name F. Wise review  For years I've owned a nice AT4033. Recently I've wanted to be able to \"double-mic\" vocals for vocal doubling ambiance, chorus effect, etc., but didn't have the cash for another AT4033 or similar. After searching the net extensively, I kept seeing the MXL770 rated very highly and decided to take the plunge and figured I'll just return it if it's not any good. Wow! I can't hear any discernible difference when simultaneously recording the AT4033 on the left channel and the MXL770 on the right channel. They both sound great and I think the MXL even looks better and feels just as solid as the AT. A definite keeper.It's great that advancements in design and engineering are producing high quality products for the masses at rock bottom prices ($69). Who says you can't afford the \"good\" stuff these days. Keep it up technology gurus! overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe review  I got this mic to record a vocal podcast and so far I'm very happy with the results.  The sound quality is wonderful, the sensitivity is amazing!  Clarity is great, packaging is nice with the carry case and included stabilizer.  I'm not an audio expert, but so far the sound quality out of this mic sounds very excellent to me. overallrating 5   lineend
name johns3620 review This Mic has a nice tonal quality perfect for our Studio's here at [...] Tune in and check it out I think you will agree. Sounds great and at the Right Price overallrating 5   lineend
name Larry Johnson review This mic has amazing quality. I was recording my music on a USB condenser mic for about 2 years. Feels great to finally have professional sounding music. Check out my soundcloud @ soundcloud.com/ljaymusic. Really dope mic! overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian Damage review This shelf is exactly what I needed, at a reasonable price. I used this on my wall-mount 4U rack to hold my modem and router near my switch. As an added bonus, it has vent holes on the bottom, which not only allow for heat dissipation, but also make really convenient ziptie tie-down locations. I'll definitely be buying more of these. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jhoc review We bought this rack tray for our son's new sound rack. It is solid, and mounts easily to the front rails on the cabinet. It is a short shelf, so it only goes about half-way to the back of the rack cabinet. He uses it to hold his wireless receiver for his guitar amp, along with other miscellaneous things he keeps in the cabinet. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jonah K review Best price and overall value compared to the name brands.  This product has exceeded expectation and we are intending on buying many many more! overallrating 5   lineend
name Joshua review Did a ton of research out there b4 I bought this. I can't BELIEVE that so many manufacturers are asking for hundreds for freaking sheets of bent metal! What a racket it is. If I could make one I would. This one was cheap and does the job. Dunzos. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark King review A great deal here on Amazon, these cost a lot more a few years ago, it appears Chief bought Raxxess and is now doing the manufacturing. The shelf I received has slots all over it (instead of a bunch of screw holes), this makes it really easy to mount things. I'm ordering more of these, they are thick metal and strong enough to hold heavy gadgets.Good luck and good music to all. overallrating 5   lineend
name tekHedd review  It's a bent piece of metal with conveniently spaced slots and some sort of black coating...powder coat? paint? who knows? it's black.It's heavy enough that it doesn't flex unnecessarily. It has some heft to it, so if you're trying to keep your rack super light be aware of that. The coating is strong. The pre-stamped slots go sideways so that if your gear does come loose, it slips sideways and not forwards, protecting the knobs.I recently had to drill additional holes in one for a homemade piece of gear with totally random mounting hole locations, and it took a while to get through.I like it enough that I bought another one. overallrating 5   lineend
name TheSunrisePost review Very good tray to put small items. I put my KVM switch on it and other server components. I recommend it overallrating 5   lineend
name Zulu Warrior review  I like.  Fits well. overallrating 5   lineend
name b carney review These tuning machines are great.They are a little heavier than the stock tuners on my guitars but they help keep your guitar in tune as intended.I needed the tuners replaced on an Applause (Ovation copy) guitar (the bushings fell out of one of the tuners and it became really floppy and refused to stay in tune)and a Washburn guitar. They fit on my Washburn and my Applause perfectly with zero need to ream or drill.The tuner hole size is .391 or 25/64 and of course if your hole size is smaller you must either use a drill or tuner reamer (yes a tuner reamer is a real tool just look at a place like Stewart MacDonald). You may be required to pre-drill for the screws that go through the back of the tuner.It is only one hole and very small.The vendor was quick in sending these tuners but there was no way to trace the package and it became difficult to receive it due to the fact it had to be signed for.The run around at the post office of getting it re-sent was ridiculous.The vendor should try to provide a tracking number so customers can avoid all of the back and forth and have an estimate as to when the package will arrive. overallrating 5   lineend
name Clifford Haggerty review These things are heavy duty and thick.  The stock ones they replaced are so wimpy next to these things.  Quality devices. overallrating 5   lineend
name Debra Merrill Mccullar review  Put a set of these on my Rogue Grand Concert, now the guitar stays in tune beautifully! Worth every penny! overallrating 5   lineend
name prsjames review I placed these on my usa made ovation baladeer. Stays in tune well and does a better job than the stock Ping tuners. This is the industry standard and you wont be disqppointed. To those who say it doesnt stay in tune should have their guitar's bridge checked as flaws in the bridge can cause problems in tuning. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert M. Koretsky review  I bought these to replace the stock machine heads that came on my Hondo II \"The Paul\ which I bought in 1980. The stock ones were loose, lots of backlash in the worm gears, and the guitar kept going out of tune even after the strings were fairly stretched out but still new.They went in easily, if you follow this hint( if your machine head holes do not need to be enlarged, disregard this hint)- The holes for the old machine heads on the Hondo II were 0.305\" in diameter, and these new Grovers need a 0.390\" diameter hole. So I had to find an accurate and clean way of enlarging the holes. It's almost impossible to use a drill, even in a drill press, without splintering the wood on both surfaces of the headstock. I read online suggestions about using a round wood file, and reamer, etc.. So what I did was first use a threading tap( for metal screw threads) which at the bottom had a 0.290\" diameter, and at the top had a 0.375\" diameter. This is a standard 3/8\"-24 threading tap. I chucked the tap into my battery-powered hand drill, set to low speed, and used the threading tap to cleanly and carefully enlarge the headstock holes to 0.375\" in diameter. Then I used a tapered reamer, from both sides, to enlarge the holes to the required diameter. Quick, clean, easy. If you have a different size enlargement to make, use the appropriately sized taps and a tapered reamer to get the holes to 0.390\" diameter.Another hint which you should follow is to replace only one machine head at a time, like when changing strings. You don't want to take the tension off the neck and mess around with the truss rod. At least I don't want to!Now the guitar stays in tune, and is easier and more accurate to tune.A very worthwhile upgrade! Zero backlash in the worm gears on the Grovers, beautifully chromed and smooth as silk. overallrating 5   lineend
name Techie review  Best tuners you can buy.  Can't say much else.  Bought these to replace some gold ones on a Les Paul clone. overallrating 5   lineend
name Video Services Of Va review I just installed these on my Chibson LP from overseas. I had to rout out the holes a bit and make them ever so slightly larger.. I took a slightly larger drill bit and turned it backwards, not forwards, by hand slowly, until it was perfect. I also put some blue masking tape on the headstock just in case I slipped. Took me about 1.5 hours.The ones that came with my guitar were really close to these in appearance. Really close, but they were terrible in operation. I have no problems spending the 50 on these to improve the guitar. Haven't played them yet, but all the reviews were good, so here goes.....Update:  Played for a couple hours. First thing I notice is that they are geared lower than the old Chibsons and the other tuners on my other guitars.. You tune it a full turn, and the tune moves up slightly. Which is plenty of nice fine tuning adjustment.This fixed the Chibson tuning issue. I'll order another set for my other Chibson.Also, I have two Epiphones. I believe these are nicer than the Epi's.So I bought based solely on the reviews here. I wasn't disappointed. In fact, I am pretty impressed. good replacement for \"iffy\" tuners. They worked for me... overallrating 5   lineend
name Billy The Kid review This works better than the QK10B model by the same company.  Slim and easy to install though longer than the QK10B.  Since the cut out and button are on only one side of the two parts, you might have to rotate a mic boom, etc., to achieve a proper position after connecting the two parts.  My use was for an IPad clamp attached to a mic stand.  It worked well and I put two of these in place so the stand could break down for packing in a gear bag.  This unit wiggles a little but not as much as the QK10B so the little bit of movement is acceptable.  This looks to be well built and should be reliable. The long haul will be the test. overallrating 4   lineend
name David G. Beneke review This is just what the doctor ordered. I bought three and am purchasing 3 more. All of these units threaded nicely into all of my stands and microphone holders. If I switch one mic to another stand, it could not be easier, just a press of a little button. With different shock mounts on different mics, I don't have to worry about re-threading the mounts each time I change mic stands. The time it saves is also invaluable. No problem with quality control on the 3 I now have, and I have no complaint with the build. Great for the studio, where I use mine, would think It would be clumsy for a performer who takes a mic on and off a stand, use a clip for that.Addendum:I love these so much, I have bought one for each mic in my locker, and each stand. That's a total of 12. None of them have failed after almost a years worth of use, the best invention for a mic since the shock mount. These will save you time, guaranteed! overallrating 5   lineend
name Landon Cunningham review I swear by these quick release clips. I can't imagine working without them. I save so much time each time I use a quick release clip instead of unscrewing and re-screwing the original clips. These are a great way to to mix and match multiple clips with multiple stands. The first items I purchased when I started my last job as an Audio Engineer was these. I've got no complaints. They work great every time. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr Tall review I have used a variety of these types of adapters in the past, and these are an excellent newer version.  In this case I bought just one quick release to use for mounting a kick drum microphone that has the stand adapter permanently attached to the microphone.  With this quick release installed on the stand and the microphone, the kick drum microphone now mounts to the stand in mere seconds and stays in place very well.I don't quite know why the locking ring is silver on an adapter that is black everywhere else, but at least the ring is good quality and the threads are clean and precise. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul D. review If you are a mobile DJ that needs to put a mic clip on a mic stand for each event then you should get one of these.  It saves me 5 minutes per event (setup and break down) just by not having to put the mic clip on and off each event. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sam Beckett review These great little accessories are a nice convenience.  The allow a singer to remove the mic from the stand without the normal loud pop from removing it from a wireless clip.  This particular model adds a feature that locks the microphone in the desired position (older models would swivel without much effort).  Bought 6 to replace to older models I had on stage.  They've worked out great: the mics all stay in position when popped on the straight stands, no spinning.  Copasetic. overallrating 5   lineend
name ANorton review It's a very solidly made stand. Simple to assemble. Perfect for my home studio, holding my 88 key midi controller keyboard. I'm very happy with the purchase and the price was right. overallrating 5   lineend
name David G review I'm using it for my Alesis Q49 MIDI keyboard.  Folds up easy so I can tuck it away.  It may not work with a keyboard smaller than 49 keys.  As you lower it the support spreads out wide.  Good quality.  Adjustable height and for the dept of the keyboard. overallrating 5   lineend
name Garot M. Conklin review Great stand, holds my mid sized keyboard up very well.  Not sure how it works for some behemoths but for the basic setup its fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Vento review This works exactly as intended, and is a perfect size for my MS2000.  Not really sure what the going price is on other stands, but I'm very happy with what I paid for it.  No worries of my synth falling over or anything like that, the only issue I had was with putting it together at first.  The picture in the instructions was kind of hard to figure out, because there are different sized bars that were kind of difficult to interpret.  But it was probably more of my error, and even with that it just meant I had to unscrew them and screw in the right ones. overallrating 5   lineend
name Larry Johnson review This keyboard is pretty dope. I bought this a while back when I bought my Samson 49 key midi keyboard. It's been a little over 2 years and I've used it ever since. I recommend this to anyone buying a keyboard in the future or currently. You can't go wrong with this stand. overallrating 5   lineend
name DJB review This guitar strap is very  comfortable and was easy to fit onto my electric Yamaha guitar.Very durable and affordable.My only gripe is that the color doesnt match my guitar as well as i thought it would.Colors are abit too flashy. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mike Lovelace review  This is a sharp looking strap that looks much nice in person than in the photos here on Amazon.  The strap feels sturdy, and the material is just slippery enough to make moving about easy.  Definitely glad I bought this! overallrating 5   lineend
name saint Jimmy review Quality strap that fits tight & secure on my signature Dime and matches the Dean From Hell lightening graphics perfectly. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sim review This strap looks better in person than on the computer. It has a nice soft feel and doesn't scratch the neck like the belt straps do and the color goes well with a varity of instrument looks and colors. overallrating 4   lineend
name Zach Briggs review I bought this with super saver shipping 5-8 days and it came in 3 so I was very happy about that. Also the lightning itself looks awesome and the black in the background is darker in person than in the (low quality) picture. One more thing is that the strap locks on very well by it self (I have a big problem with that because the strap that came with my guitar sucked) But hell this one is amazing. I bought this one for my black fender and I think I'm going to buy a white tribal for my white Ibanez Grg120bdx. Great product cant go wrong especially with the double sided design and the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob B review  Re-strung my Eko Ranger 12 with these D'Addario EJ-38 light strings and am again getting a nice ringing tone with good sustain.  No issues like breaking or dead strings that I had with Elixir's, just good sound. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chandler review Awesome quality strings! Love em! Just re-strung my 12 string. It was a hassle but I got it done nicely. overallrating 5   lineend
name Grejam53 review D'Addario is one of those manufactures that seem content with making a quality product for a reasonable price.  Their string selections compare very well to the pricer brands and I have yet to find a better buy. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Parks Hammond review Good value overallrating 5   lineend
name Levis Ouellet review I always love to D'Addario strings on my 6 string guitars so I decided to order these for my new 12 string Ovation 245.  They sound great.  Of course guitar strings can be a personal preference.  Over the years I have been experimenting with various makes and  I always seem to return to these.  This does not mean I will not try others.  I surely will continue to experiment.  I am one to change the strings on my guitars on a very regular basis.  I spend my Summer in Canada and Winters in Florida and I can assure you that the climate is much drier in Canada than Florida.  Strings on my guitars left behind in Florida for the Summer will deteriorate quickly even if they are in a humidity controlled environment.  I  find the D'Addario strings will stay in better condition than others. overallrating 5   lineend
name Loren Shirk review Good strings overallrating 5   lineend
name Squidsmom review These strings sound great and so far have held tune well after a couple of days of stretching.  I have them on my Luna 12 string and the sound is rich.  I would purchase them again. overallrating 5   lineend
name AMK review  Put these on my PRS SE 245 and I love em. I can restring in a matter of a minute or maybe 2. They were a perfect fit. No problems whatsoever. overallrating 5   lineend
name grandpa review  I have purchased two sets of the Mini Locking Rotomatics.  No more winding string wraps around the tuning post. Fastest string change ever. Insert string, wind about a half turn, and the string is locked in the tuner. No more slipping out of tune. Rotomatics will go on every guitar build I do. overallrating 5   lineend
name John Wade Long Jr. review  Use these to replace the garbage machines that came on my (older model) Gold Tone banjo ukulele. Smooth as silk, work great - as all GROVERS do! overallrating 5   lineend
name Stephen review These really are direct replacements for the PRS SE line. Only the machine heads are somewhat smaller. A great product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tachyon review Super nice locking tuners. Used these as a direct drop in replacement for my Paul Reed Smith SE245 and really helped with tuning and stability. The smaller tuner buttons looked a little strange at first, but once installed looks great and works great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Todd A. Hooper review They call these mini tuners, but to me they are just right. Some tuners are too big and bulky looking imho. I installed them on a PRS SE Santana in just a few minutes. They were direct drop ins. To use them you simply grab the top and turn it until it clicks. Then you line the hole up with the center of the headstock, insert the string and then turn the tuning peg. You'll feel it &#34;lock in&#34; then about another quarter turn and the string is in tune. They are really good tuners and I think anyone will be pleased with the tuning stability they offer. overallrating 5   lineend
name cincinnatislim review I'm happy with this.  Used it to replace the blown speaker from a 30 yr. old 60W Roland Cube Amp (a bass player used the amp and I think it was too much for the speaker -- next time I'll use the PA for the bass player).  Much better sound, perfect fit, etc. Keep in mind this is for a very clean sound and this speaker was recommended for its clean and somewhat smokey-type sound.  I believe it has those.  Using this for jazz applications and having the Roland around as a second amp. overallrating 4   lineend
name Cut to the Chase review Replaced a stock fender speaker in a modified Mustang Lead II cabinet that I now use connected to a Hughes and Kettner amp.  This speaker dramatically improved the sound of the cabinet, and sounded good using the Mustang II amp as well.  This speaker seems to take some of the sizzle and shrill off the high-end to make a nice even sound.  I'm quite pleased with this speaker. overallrating 5   lineend
name Derek James review I built a custom cabinet and installed this baby.  Boy does it crank.  I've tried a couple different heads and they all sound great.  I play mostly clean and this speaker makes the tube tones shine. overallrating 5   lineend
name Earle G review  This speaker has a very clear full range sound. I have it in a '63 Brown Deluxe and am very good with it. .In a way it reminds me a bit of a JBL with the smooth depth and clarity. If I want a little Ray Charles raspcan get it from the amp and not speaker with pick attack. Cool speaker and nice addition. overallrating 5   lineend
name NPunk42 review Against most educated and experienced advice from many blogs I installed one of these in my 1972 Twin Reverb 100 watt. The original speakers are too Hi-Fi sounding for me.They hurt my ears, so clean. This speaker has all the range and a little bonus sizzle to boot, but in a round, full, musical way. Again to those who may like to tread in my ill advised path, these are 50 watt speakers, the Twin Reverb is 100 watts. Right now I have the CR and one original speaker running in my TR. I'll get another CR if this one holds up okay. But I'm in a band that plays small rooms a lot so I dont crank it past 4-5 very often. I'll post an update if this speaker fails. But at least on an initial run, I'm glad I bought it.Rock And Roll Forever! overallrating 5   lineend
name Orcatrino review The Eminence Patriot Cannabis Rex is probably the smoothest sounding guitar speaker I've ever heard.  Period.This does not mean that it's dull sounding or muffled at least, not if you hearing is still good.  I hesitated quite a bit before I decided to buy it and install it in my Fender Mustang II but my worries were for naught. Incredibly, it tamed the icepick highs without losing the shimmer and clarity of my clean sounds.  Yet, for overdrive sounds, there is very little fuzziness - just a big full and FAT sound that's articulate without being buzzy.  If you play metal you'll probably hate this speaker but if you like bluesy, classic rock and jazzy sounds, this is a speaker to seriously consider.  I turned my Mustang II into an open back combo and the Cannabis Rex gave the amp the low end extension that it needed.  I had to turn the treble control up a bit more but unlike most amps, it never got shrill or piercing, just buttery smooth and clear. It's also much more efficient than the stock speaker at 102db@1W/1M.I don't know how Eminence did it but I love it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Slick Rhoads review To me, the stock 12\ review s on this speaker and decided to pull the trigger and get one. I haven't regretted the purchase.I was hoping the improvement would be the same as when I put a 10\" Ragin Cagin in my Fender Super Champ XD. Wasn't the case. It DID, however, fix the problem I purchased the speaker for. My Blues Deluxe now sounds warmer to me and doesn't have that accentuated high-end that it did before. All in all it was a good upgrade and I'd do it again.~Slick overallrating 4   lineend
name Antidote review I had no problems at all getting a brand new poly pro strap on these. Even if it was too snug, it wouldn't have been hard to work a strap on to these. I don't know why people are saying bad things about this product, If your dealing with guitars there much harder things to do with guitars than getting a snug leather strap onto the locks. Don't listen to the whiners. These are what they need to be. overallrating 5   lineend
name Boba Chux review  You can find \"cheaper\" ones, but sometimes the Schallers are same price if not cheaper.  These are the best design of lock in my opinion and will hold up to years of abuse and use.  I've had several sets for 13+ years and use them without hesitation. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian Mark review I have these on 5 of my guitars now, with my acoustic and a &#34;novelty&#34; guitar being the exceptions. I can't stand the thought of not using these after seeing too many expensive guitars hit the floor after the straps let loose. Other styles have a button, which seems more convenient, but the Schaller locks are pull style which is far more secure if something bumps the end of the lock. These are the only locks I'll use now. overallrating 5   lineend
name Carlos De Cunha review  I'm never playing another guitar without these locks!After my Custom Telecaster fell. The neck went out of wack, I had to readjust the truss rod and spend hours to setup the guitar again! That's every musician's nightmare!I immediately started doing research for a proper locking mechanism for my straps. Schaller kept coming up. I looked at the design and was confident it was safe to use.One issue you may run into is the nut running loose. That's not a problem with the scaller locks, it happens to anything that uses these type of nuts (it has happened on my guitars where the input jack is). A drop of glue around the threading can fix that issue easily. overallrating 5   lineend
name Coffee Infusion review  These are a must-have item. Heretofore, I've been using the Planet waves strap with a straplock mechanism. While it's an innovative system that doesn't require any installation, the plastic ends are large and a bit awkward and can get in the way of things.I installed the Schallers on my Warmoth Strat body -- I found that I needed to add some toothpick pieces per the recommendations of others to achieve a super tight fit -- not a big deal at all. These Schallers are exactly what I wanted. 5 stars, and a no-brainer. overallrating 5   lineend
name garmenteros review I got these for a custom les paul 5 string bass I had built and one of the locks broke off after a month and a couple of uses. Also the locks were quite uncomfortable to use. I had never used strap locks before and don't think I will again. overallrating 2   lineend
name James Limborg review  I have been using these for about 2 years now; I am very happy with these strap locks.  Great product. overallrating 5   lineend
name WBowie review I bought these black locks to go on a black Stratocaster I built. I don't use any strap locks but Schallers on any of my guitars or any that I build. I recently bought some Fender locks that worked fine but were too large for me and all of my existing straps wouldn't fit them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bilbo review I've used these straplocks for many years on all my electric instruments; they're fairly inexpensive, and I've never had a problem with them, never broke one nor had to replace them because of wear/abuse, and I've NEVER had a guitar/bass hit the floor.  A couple of warnings here, which have nothing to do with the quality of the straplocks: 1.) you need to make sure the screw is snug in the hole; some people put a matchstick, toothpick, piece of paper or SOMETHING inside the hole to tighten it up if the hole's too big or has been stripped out; I use a touch of Elmer's Glue, screw in the straplock, and let it sit for a day.  2.) You have to make sure the ends that fasten to your strap are securing enough of the strap so that it doesn't work itself off the end; use a socket to get the nut really tight.  New straps seem to be easier to secure. overallrating 5   lineend
name CruiseTraveler review I have Schaller Security Strap Locks on all but one of my guitars and will probably purchase Schallers for that one soon. These give you an added sense of security because they can be adjusted to work with gravity, the post sits in the lock rather that depending just on springs to hold it in place. My Larrivee RS-4 came with these and converted me to Schaller. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ecadad review Their are two issues with these strap-locks that I have come across.The first issue is with thick straps. I purchased a nice leather Levi's strap (which I love), but their didn't seem to be enough threads on the lock to fit the strap on. I managed to get it to work by thinning the leather of the strap with a vise. Overall it wasn't a huge issue, just a bit annoying.The second issue is actually a very concerning to me. Both of my guitars have begun to randomly unclip themselves from the straps and fallen to the ground. Not good. I think it has something to do with the metal on the locks getting either bent or worn down, whatever it is I don't like having my guitars fall to the floor.I have these on two of my guitars, both of which are very heavy. It's the first thing I do when I purchase an instrument. They're pretty easy to put on the strap and guitar, and they do securely hold the instrument in place, mostly. I've had them on one of my guitars for over ten years, and on the other for over five.I probably won't change to a different set of locks, for fear of stripping the holes on my guitars, but my next guitar will be getting some Dunlop straplocks link removed which seem a lot better and more sturdy. overallrating 5   lineend
name GolferMark review Schaller guitar strap locks work really, really well. However, I had problems at first until I made some changes.- First off, you need to put a drop of lock tight on the threads or the nut will loosen. The blue stuff will be more than enough.- Second, the lock can grab the strap pin on your guitar and turn/loosen the screw over time. Kinda defeats the purpose of the locks if they hold on to the button but the button comes out of your guitar. So... When I install the new button, I put a drop of epoxy in the screw hole first. Never had one unscrew again.If you do those things first, you will never have your guitar strap fall off by accident. Ever... But, you can remove the strap any time you want easily by disengaging the lock. overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  Schaller strap locks keep your guitar in place. They have been around a long time and hold up well with time. I also have used dunlops, which are nice as well, but these seem to be the better product IMHO. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gustavo Posada review After years of playing, I rather choose this small and strong accessory to take care of my precious guitars and basses. overallrating 5   lineend
name HLB review  Our family of 2 guitarists and 1 bassist switched to these style locks about a year ago.  Every one of us has had continual problems with the locks periodically unscrewing themselves from the guitar body. I had one back out during a gig and damage a brand new 60th Anniversary American P-Bass...not good. My son had one come out on him in the middle of a gig last weekend.The problem with the design is there's a ton of friction between the top and bottom pieces of the lock which results in the tab that's screwed into the body unscrewing itself.  We've tried applying bar soap, petro jelly, and a spray can based dry lubricant.... none of which prevented the ultimate forces that cause this phenomenon.We are switching to the Dunlop style locks as that design incorporates ball bearings which allows the strap to rotate freely back and forth with next to zero 'unscrewing' force.We tried to make the Shallers work but just could not.  Maybe we're all too active on stage but we cannot tolerate the equipment damage nor the performance distruptions these have caused us. overallrating 1   lineend
name John Dziekan review I've been using the Schaller Strap Locks on my guitars since the 1980's.  They give me a sense of security, knowing that my guitar strap is totally secured to my guitar.  I consider it cheap insurance. overallrating 5   lineend
name Josiah H. review I've only had these strap locks for a couple weeks, however, they've performed well so far. The fail proof U holding the guitar is what sold me on these. I would recommend these strap locks over any others currently on the market, but I'm working on designing a better lock. overallrating 5   lineend
name MetalFan review I bought these through Amazon about a year ago and have installed them on all of my guitars. I have both the nickel and black on heavy basses and they have never let me down. I have since installed them on an electric and acoustic guitar out of convenience and purpose. The locks work great and give you an added sense of security.The reviews of the locks speak for themselves and no matter what style of guitar, whether it's a Les Paul, strat or active bass, I would strongly suggest them. I have never used the Dunlop locks, but have heard that some Epiphone and Gibson Les Pauls have mounting holes more suited for Dunlops.One thing to note is that all of these come with their own longer screws to use if needed. I never had to use them, but they are a nice touch and ended up in the parts bin. overallrating 5   lineend
name MoisesGo review About ten years ago, I installed strap locks on my first guitar (Fender Stratocaster). They worked well and were easy to install. I subsequently installed Dunlop strap locks on many other guitars with mixed results: the screws are really small and they would some times get stuck in the middle of installation. I had to drill additional holes no two guitars (Gibson SGs).  Ouch.This made me take a second look at Schaller. The components, beginning with the screws, are of much higher quality than Dunlop. It took me ten years to realize that I made the wrong choice.  I should have gone with Schaller from the beginning. I have replaced all my strap locks with Schaller with excellent results. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pa user review This is my second set of these. I bought the 1st set in the 1980's and I'm still using them on the guitar that they matched. (black hardware). I was impressed with the quality of the 1st set and the 2nd set is just as good. Money well spent. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pepper review I have found that everything Schaller make's is Grade A-#1 in My book. Made in Germany ( NOT China ) these locks are fast and secure. I like the way they slide on & off which if Your like Me having to change Guitar's during a show or just at home, the change is smooth and safe. No dropping guitar's around here !!! I have them on all My guitar's. overallrating 5   lineend
name Peter Dillmann review This is as simple and as reliable as it gets. YOu don't need anything else to have your guitar secured to the belt! overallrating 5   lineend
name Pone Tony review Schaller is sort of a household name among guitarists, because they've been making the same product for so long now.  You probably already know what this thing is and what it does.  All my electric guitars are equipped with these. overallrating 5   lineend
name puddytat review Certainly worth every penny you pay for them... and they do vary in price for sure from dealer to dealer.  But if you have a $2000 plus guitar the last thing you want to do is drop it because of bad strap knobs/pins.  These are great for sure. overallrating 5   lineend
name WBowie review These locks are the only ones I use now, they are on all of my guitars and I put them on all I build. I have not had a guitar drop since I started using them, and have not read of anyone else having one drop either if it was attached. I have tried the Fender lock recently and although it is a great lock it is too large for me and my Schaller equipped straps will not fit them. I will stick with the Schaller in all 3 colors. overallrating 5   lineend
name Anthony J. review I will let you know that I've been using boom stands for 35 years and that I write this so you can make an informed decision. I'm loyal to the audio community and the industry has already put one of my kids through college.I see half of this stand as being just fine but the boom is not very good. I particularly don't think the horizontal axis point is very good, I mean where you adjust the angle of the boom. It's a cheap version of a simple design and I suspect the day will come that you're trying to figure how to keep it from drooping, the problem being that the surface area is much smaller creating less friction and more tightening until something's got to give. The tightening screws to slide it also seem pretty poor and I'd predict someday you'll be going from duct tape to replacing it. I base this more on my experience in sound reinforcement, which is harder on equipment than recording and because I own both types of businesses. The boom in general isn't a nice one and will always be 32 inches because it isn't telescoping and uses a pretend plastic counterweight, so you're mainly purchasing the stand. On Stage has a better line they call the 9700 vs this 7700 series.9701B Pro Tripod Microphone Boom StandJust like you can't compare the price of a used compact car with a new full size pickup, this one is so inexpensive (too inexpensive?) that price comparisons aren't what's important, so looking at Amazon today I'd probably buy the 9700MS9701TB TeleBoom Microphone Standor this one,DR Pro Mic Stand Telescoping Boomor maybe try this oneHosa MSB-521BK Mic Stand with BoomI haven't tried that stand but since Hosa generally sells good inexpensive products I'd be inclined to give it a try. I think you'll end up spending more money on your next stand and you might as well do it once instead of twice. I'd pay attention to the 2 and 3 star reviews because you'll find more from experienced users and the most helpful 5 star do not say how long they've been using it but love how inexpensive it is. Ignore that it doesn't come with a mic clip because usually they don't, clips come with microphones or can be purchased separately. All but the best stands will fall over when unbalanced, so plan on putting weight on a leg if you're using a heavy mic like a condenser or spending a lot more money. $100+ will buy you a studio boom although a counterweight, like what's used on a cymbal boom will help any boom stand and could be created with a little imagination. As for the cheap cord clips, just forget them and buy these, they'll attach to a stand or cord and work excellent (no leftover duct tape glue).Velcro Reusable Self-Gripping TiesBut understand my position, I've got stands purchased 20 years ago that I can still use and don't feel the lowest price is always the best value, but you're intelligent so you know an $80 stand used for 20 years is $4/year, I use stands almost everyday and I don't think this would last me a year and maybe only months. But if1. You don't care about a telescoping boom and2. You don't plan to adjust it much and3. You use a average weight mic or4. You're alright with replacing the boom when neededThis stand could be fine for you now if you can't budget a higher quality stand and it will surely work for some. I did give it 3 stars but 2 are for the product and 1 is for the price. So I hope all of this helps you with your decision. I've now purchased and reviewed theOn Stage 9701Band recommend checking it out  overallrating 3   lineend
name Audio Maven review This stand is very flexible in the way it can be set up. Allows you to get close to the mic and still play an instrument, like say a guitar. Can be used either sitting or standing. Recommend highly. Be sure to get a pop screen for your mic and recording needs to improve recording quality. overallrating 5   lineend
name bassestkkm review This stand surprised my. It is lightweight but is still sturdy. I wouldn't venture to use it on the road all the time. But as a backup stand I wouldn't hesitate. I like it much better than my musicians gear stand though if this had a double extendable boon it would be perfect. overallrating 5   lineend
name B review I was waiting for a flimsy stand to arrive when I ordered something that seemed like it would be for budget price. This stand actually STANDS. I placed my AT2020 with a shock mount and a pop filter on, and while it is heavy, with proper tightening everything stayed in place. And like many other people say, this is a must-have if you have a home studio. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bobby  W. review This is definitely a microphone stand for amateur use - it would probably fall apart fairly quick \"on the road\" or if it were adjusted constantly.That being said, it's a great little stand for low duty/home use. I'm using it with a Blue enCORE 100 microphone, which isn't really heavy, but still weighs close to a pound. This stand holds it very sturdily, and with the boom feature, it can be set up in just about any position I would ever need.If you have a fairly lightweight mike and just need something to set and forget, this is a decent stand.And for less than $25 bucks, it's a bargain. overallrating 5   lineend
name busdriver123 review Strong metal construed.Legs open to set up easy. Easy to set mic slides in or out up or down.Peaces stay tight. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cabbott review Be aware that when the boom is extended between the tripod stance that it can be a little tippy. Other than that,,,,,,,,,an excellent value overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles F. Marks review  who cares if they were used or hanging around the warehouse hey they went together and don't show any wear and tear to me...love them...thanks overallrating 5   lineend
name Danny Yu review I was not expecting the Onstage Tripod boom microphone stand to be this good.  The bottom tripod stand is very sturdy and keeps the microphone stand balanced.  The main microphone stand pole is very thick and robust. It is built like a baton.  The arm is adjustable and long. I usually hang my headsets and other cables on this adjustable arm. It can hold quite a bit of weight. I haven't tried it yet, but it holds two of headsets and myMXL 2010 Multi-pattern Studio Micwith ease. The adjustable arm also spins 360 degrees.  Smooth movement. When I need to move my attached microphone around, it is a smooth, leveled motion.I love this microphone stand. It stands tall and can telescope up to about 5 feet tall. Very high quality microphone stand. Buy with confidence! overallrating 5   lineend
name dashreeve review This is a pretty good stand for the price, I ended up leaving this one in the rehearsal room as I prefer the telescoping booms. I have the Dr. Pro telescoping and a samson telscoping, the samson is my favorite (think the model is BT4). For the price this is a good value. overallrating 4   lineend
name David G review Works great and doesn't cost an arm and a leg.  Quality is good and holds a microphone with confidence.  Great price too. overallrating 5   lineend
name David J. Huber review  It's perfectly fine for standard, fairly stationary use. We use these at my church, and they get moved around a little bit, but not much. For the price, they are surprisingly solid, and they work perfectly fine.Of stands in this price range, this is at the top of what I've experienced.It's easily adjustable, the screws stay tight once adjustments are made, it's light but not so light that it tips or blows over, the feet keep it steady on the floor and from wobbling.Seriously, for those who don't need a stand that can handle touring or lots of fiddling around, this is the one to go with.If you need a stand to handle doing live gigs and/or going on tour, shipping around in airplanes or vans, etc., you will need to go up a notch or two in quality (and, sadly, price). overallrating 3   lineend
name DonJr review good quality for my casual use.  I wouldn't use it on stage because of stability or weight related issues, it's too light. overallrating 4   lineend
name drummerboy review I bought two of these for my band, and they are fantastic. Granted they are not the Hercules stands that I use, but they work for my two other singers. Great quality, and I would definitely buy them again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ed Figueroa review I've been buying cheap stands and I'm never really getting what I want. I finally bought this. Nice and solid. overallrating 4   lineend
name Eric review Almost all of this product is made with very sturdy materials. Can double as a mic or boom stand. The boom attachment is very easily adjustable but also very sturdy when you lock it down. Wasn't disappointed. The connecting parts of the mic stand/boom are 5/8 inch male size so make sure whatever you're buying this product with can connect to that (my shock mount had 3/8in female connector). If not, just invest (about 6$) into an adapter like I did. overallrating 5   lineend
name etcwhatever review I like mic stands with folding legs (like this) as opposed to weighted bases, since they're easier to travel with.  Quality-wise, this stand feels solid, but not amazing &#8211; it's a mixture of plastic and metal construction.  For the price I paid (around $25), it's a nice piece of kit and everything holds as it should.  It also folds down pretty well.  Note that it does not include any kind of microphone clip or mount, so you'll need to provide your own.  The cable clips are a nice touch. overallrating 5   lineend
name Everanor review I really like this stand, I even bought a second one after giving it a try. Is solid, you maybe need to tight too strong to avoind the weight of the mic to bring the arm down, buy, I can do that.Recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Federico Pacheco Zamora review i mean, sure they get the job done, but there're 2 things i'm not too convinced about.. first stability, you have to be very very careful as how you distribute the microphone's weight, and be pretty careful not to rotate it even a litlle bit, otherwise, you'll find yourself with a shure sm-58 with a dent, like myself. and second... i haven't had actually any bad experience with this, but don't seem to be that strongly built. for those 2 reasons i changed to hercules. overallrating 3   lineend
name Gerardo Piero Pavone review Very good stand especially for the price. It is not incredibly stable, but it is enough stable unless your microphone is super heavy. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hambone73 review These are exactly what the doctored ordered. I have one setup to mic my guitar amp, and another setup to mic my voice for doing guitar video exchanges. They are excellent quality for the money. overallrating 5   lineend
name Indie Film Lover review This is a nice microphone stand. I have used it on several projects involving sound with no problems. I would purchase this again. It's sturdy and gets the job done. overallrating 4   lineend
name Johannes review Screws are starting to wear out after about 3 months of use. The black covering of the metal is starting to show wear. To be expected, but I'm sure you'll appreciate hearing that this is not one of those miracle deals where you get something amazing for the money. It is what it is, and not much more. overallrating 3   lineend
name John Doe review Does exactly what you want it to do. It even comes with these little clips for running the cable down the stand. It's easy to set up and easy to take down. If you're looking for a mic stand, buy this one- you really can't go wrong. overallrating 5   lineend
name JOHN O. review i use this one a lot, its light weight and sturdy. it would be nice to have a counter weight for the long reaches, but can work around that detail. its well made overallrating 5   lineend
name Jonah K review Recommend this to anyone!We have a mobile church which means we need sturdy and inexpensive.  I believe we found our ultimate match with this mic stand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joshua review The only flaw is the rubber gaskets in the joints These deteriorate over 3 or 4 years. I go through these quite a bot but for $20-$30 you can't go wrong. Tubes are tough and sturdy overallrating 5   lineend
name Julian review Quite resistant and reliableGreat quality and I am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand. Thank you very much overallrating 5   lineend
name Just Visiting review This seems like a good deal for the price. I have concerns about durability for anyone who has to frequently adjust the boom, or takes it on the road, because that boom-adjustment joint is a bit flimsy. I bought it for home studio use by just me, so I am totally satisfied. overallrating 4   lineend
name JVincent review This is a fine stand for the price, but I was honestly surprised at how light it is. I honestly think On Stage might have been making these progressively lighter over the years and now offer a heavier duty one at a higher price. I do use this stand, but I wish I would have sprung for the heavier duty version and probably will in the near future. It works fine, just keep in mind it is not the heavy duty all metal construction stand of the past. overallrating 3   lineend
name Keith Weiner review This stands up and holds the microphone in place.The stand is study, easily adjustable, and withstands the rigours of use. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Lin review  No where on the description does it say that the mic clip is NOT included.  The only place is on the box AFTER you have received the item.  There's no instruction (which is fine). But in the product description it doesn't say that you must purchase the mic clip separately or you can't use it.I bought this and have it shipped second day because I need to use it and now I can't because it doesn't come with a Mic Clip which I have to spend another 5-10 to get it plus shipping.  The price is the stand is reasonable had it included the mic clip.  But without it, I felt cheated. overallrating 2   lineend
name Lee review Solid, stays where I put it, and does a great job holding a heavy mic, mount and pop filter. Can't really beat it for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Levis Ouellet review I am totally satisfied with the stand.  I had some misgivings after reading some negative reviews on Amazon but this stand serves me well.  The misgivings I had was with the extra weight I intended to place on it with my tablet stand equipment and the Samsung tablet.  However, I am very happy to report that it handles the extra weight very well and does topple over even when the boom is extended with the mic and space needed for the tablet and guitar playing.  I easily reommend this Item. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lloyd S. Richardson review I needed a cheap mic stand that didn't break the bank.  This little guy fit the bill.  I don't know if it could stand up next to the Hercules stands that I have used for years in terms of long-term durability, but for a simple, home-use stand, it is perfect.  It is sturdy, the knobs feel tight and is balanced.  Great entry-level stand! overallrating 5   lineend
name Loren Shirk review Light weight but sturdy enough overallrating 5   lineend
name Lumin review Title says it all. Good quality for home or studio use, but not sure how it would survive if it were to be taken on tour. Still for the price you get a nice adjustable stand that can be manipulated to get basically any mic position you'd want, from overhead for drums to fret level for guitars, above or below vocalists depending on the tone you're hunting, etc. Versatile and great to work with. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mark review Its a little unstable at times, but the fasteners and adjustment areas on this stand do keep the stand in place and such that it can be good for a sound studio or classroom setting, not sure if I would recommend it for professional use, but that's why you spend more for better quality right? overallrating 4   lineend
name michaelht1 review does really good with a fairly heavy microphone, adjustments stay in place without constantly tightening, works exactly as it should overallrating 4   lineend
name Micheal D. Prater review  This is a tough deal to beat on a boom stand. It is very well made, and it is very adjustable so no issues sitting or standing, playing with an instument or just singing. Only thing, make sure you read the description well. It is a euro stand so it has 5/8\"-27 threads. It does not come with a mic clip. When I ordered my mic from Behringer, their clip had 3/8\" standard threads which obviously would not attach. I ordered a univeral clip so that drove the cost up some. Now if the manufacture would just provide a clip, they would have the best stand deal going. Overall, I would buy again! overallrating 4   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  This stand is probably one of the most popular among smaller bands, jammers and home studio owners because I run across them everywhere. And like everyone else I wound up with a few of my own. Here is what I have learned during the four or so years I have owned and used this model:- For the money they are a bargain and work extremely well in home studios and practice spaces (assuming the areas are not overly cramped.)- They hold up under light gigging and jamming, meaning they are not transported more than two or three days a week.- Good stability inside, even with heavier microphones like theBlue Microphones enCORE 100 Studio-Grade Dynamic Performance Microphone. Not so good outside if there is a fair breeze.I lost one to stepping inadvertently on one of feet, which immediately broke, and another has started binding when I try to extend or collapse the center pole. Those problems are not necessarily quality issues since in the case of the broken tripod it was my fault and not the gear's. As for the binding - I am sure that a good amount of grime has found its way into the tube after four years of use and transporting the stands. Had I taken better care of them those problems may have been prevented.For inexpensive stands these are hard to beat. However, I now use theSeismic Audio - Tripod Microphone Mic Boom Stand - PA/DJ/Band/Church/Wedding use, which I consider to be a superior stand for a small increase in price. Also, for outside use or when stage real estate is an issue I have found the old school styleOn Stage MC7201B Round Base Microphone Stand, Blackto be a far better solution. overallrating 4   lineend
name Moral Hazard review  This could be used for lightweight microphones but don't bother wasting your money if you're using a studio microphone. The base has a small circumference, so you can't stick the boom out very far at all, almost useless. There are better deals for just slightly more money. Or if you really want near studio quality, try the Samson studio boom mic stands. overallrating 3   lineend
name Pat review I use this for my home recording studio. This stand is versatile enough to be used at almost any angle. From playing and singing piano, recording guitar and vocals, and other various positions. Sometimes hard to keep the mic firmly in place but that may be a function of my shock mount.Cheap and highly recommended. overallrating 4   lineend
name Qian review I like the stand. It makes my recording convenient. It is well built. The adjustable parts are easy to use. overallrating 5   lineend
name R Zimmer review this stand i very good just wish it was a bit heavier for helping it be more stable when using a heavy mic. overallrating 4   lineend
name Sean review Got this stand to mount a Studio Projects C1 condenser mic.  The stand is very stable and works well.  It is very reasonably priced as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Slowleadmccey review It's well built enough to stand up to regular use.  I use mine for recording and some performance.  It' works great. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Marchuk review Currently using this with the Blue Yeti microphone and the Blue Radius Shock Mount. When fully extended, the arm can't hold the entire weight of the shockmount+Yeti microphone. I rigged it behind my monitor wall mount frame (didn't want to mount the montiors to the walls) and it works just fine.Not as fancy as a retractable arm, but it does the trick just fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name Special K review All adjustments keep position well.  About as sturdy as a tripod can be.  Exactly as advertised, no complaints from this user. overallrating 5   lineend
name StudioDude review When you extend it out all the way, it sometimes topples over due to little weight on the bottom, but other than that, this stand is perfect. overallrating 4   lineend
name T review Good stand, solid components, easily adjustable and the boom is good length.  I gave it too our drummer and he uses regularly without complaint overallrating 5   lineend
name TriggerHappy review I actually use this stand for more than holding a mic.I use it for video and photo purposes: Holding light reflectors, flagging, speedlights, etc.It's heavier than it looks and cheaper than those stands specifically marketed for photo. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayne Stewart review  This mic stand does everything it says it will, and is adjustable in every conceivable way. In fact, the boom has a really nice adjusting lever, making it easy to loosen and tighten. The only drawback I found is the tripod configuration of its feet, making it easy to forget where you parked your big feet during live performances; especially when you're emotionally invested and the crowd is urging you on. I would much prefer a round base. Other than that, it makes for a great home/garage mic stand when you or your band is just kickin' it. 'Nuff said. overallrating 5   lineend
name Willie V. Hughes review Provides everything I need from a mic stand.  Everything locks up nice so the stand remains firm.  Packs up small.  I knocked off one star because if you look carefully at the stand, it leans ever so slightly.  It is after all a cheap Chinese stand. overallrating 4   lineend
name Youngblood review  This stand (it just arrived in the mail) will be durable in the years to come with my music I can tell. Awesome stand and I would recommend to anyone! overallrating 5   lineend
name Zane V. Simon review Not the best quality in the world, but for the price tag is wasn't half bad! If you're doing something more professional it may wear out overtime, but if it's just for personal use, you should be fine with this product! overallrating 4   lineend
name zj review I cant play real guitars ....... but i did buy this for Rock Band. This is perfect with the boom i can sing and play without the stand getting in the way. This has so many adjustment spots no one will have a problem getting a good position with it. I even use it when im drumming. I highly recommend this for real players or even plastic players.  Well this one is actually better than most of the ones my wifes band has.  Oh its almost impossible to knock down too, believe me the cats have tried. overallrating 5   lineend
name cassandra tu review  For the price, this box works just as well as as any expensive one would. Just put in a 9v battery and it works right away. Three knobs to control tone, level and distortion to get that perfect sound. I do recommend you get a power adapter, because this eats us batteries like crazy. I accidentally left it on for a few hours and the juice was all dry, batteries are expensive, get the power supply. Overall, this is a good budget buy, you won't need to money for quality with this. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charlo review What more can you ask for in a pedal that runs you twelve clams and ships for free?  This is not the highest quality pedal in terms of construction or tones, but it gets the job done nicely for cheap.  If you are just starting to experement with stomp boxes (or you are addicted to collecting stompboxes like yours truely), you can't go wrong with the FAB line.  I find the placement of the knobs just slightly annoying, but it's a nitpick at this price point.  If you are looking for something like the Boss DS-1, this will pretty much cover the bases at less than a quarter of the price of the Boss pedal.  If you are looking for more of a light breakup kind of box on the cheap, get the dano overdrive instead (the silver one).  I also find that for about ten bucks more, Behringer makes some great clone pedals. overallrating 4   lineend
name CJB review  Look at the price, because this thing really sounds good. It's no toy, it's a real Retro Electric Guitar Effects Pedal. I'm very happy with  this purchase overallrating 5   lineend
name David T. review This pedal works great and doesn't slide at all. The adjustment helps me to get just the right amount of distortion I need. Not the best pedal out there by far, but great for a beginner with a limited budget. overallrating 4   lineend
name garmenteros review The only reason I'm not giving this one star is that I didn't expect much for such a low cost pedal. I got this for one of my guitar players so he could use it to switch between clean tones and distortion at our rental practice space before he gets the money to buy a halfstack and decent sounding pedals. We have a punk ska band (think suicide machines, sublime) and need to switch a lot in all our songs. I thought this pedal would get us by someway in the meanwhile. NOPE. This pedal sucks your guitar's tone, and you have to turn the knobs all the way to get anything going, and its not a pleasant sound either way. AVOID. overallrating 2   lineend
name Guitarist, Bassist, Gamer review This pedal sounds great with my fender excelsior with it's 15 inch speaker and also very good with my 1960's danelectro tweed amp with it's bright weber ceramic 8 inch speaker. I can use the entire range of the tone knob to go from aggressive growls at the low end to screaming lead tones at the other end, and it never sounds harsh. The clipping is sweet and musical, with a sound very reminiscent to cranked amplifier stacks with their front ends being pushed with overdrive pedals. Sometimes I feed this with my SD-1 or my Danelectro D-2 overdrive and it just puts it over the top. FOR THE PRICE, these pedals are outstanding. The QC may not be perfect, and there are duds out there, but I would say that it is worth the risk, as the circuits in these are just like vintage pedals although they do use cheaper components and boards and such. As long as you dont literally stomp down on the pedal and you dont drop it down the stairs, it will last long enough to make it worth your while. Also, the blue LED is somewhat bright and annoying, but it is a good indicator so I guess it does it's job. Overall, rock on! overallrating 5   lineend
name GunHawk review I've written here before that it would be nice to find a multi-pedal arrangement for space saving...but I still end up looking at individual pedals for their individual sounds. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr Goop review The Danelectro FAB  series of pedals offer a great sound without digging into your budget.  The D-1 Distortion effects pedal works great and gives me that  mind blowing distortion you would only expect from a more expensive unit...  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is &#34; It tends to be a little noisey &#34;  if you turn the gain up too much.  You can get a noise filter to add to you pedal board that will take care of this and any other noise problems you may have.  This series of pedals ( FAB ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well.  Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but thats my view!!!.  You can't go wrong with this product, Danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product...I have six Danelectro effects pedals and they all work great... overallrating 4   lineend
name Risenheart Consulting review Great little pedal, economical and worked flawlessly.  It didn't have a power supply or battery included, for a low price what do you expect?  Besides batteries aren't that expensive.  Cranked out a nice distortion for my Fender guitar.  Great product. overallrating 4   lineend
name S. Graf review Musicfriends, This is a fab item - For 20 0 You can't go wrong on this. Warm distortion and good controls. For me great studio/recording use but thats it. I would certainly not tour with it... its built cheap w. plastic housing and one circuit board squeezed in and funny enough the one piece rugged metal... is the bottom plate. Hello designers.... Metal around top and plastic on the bottom if you must. But anyways, bottom line great unit for 20 0 and sounds good very versatile. overallrating 4   lineend
name SLV review I was looking for a pedal that didn't take my life's savings and still performed well. I found it right here, it  works well with no problems to report. next week I'll purchase another (with a different feature). It also arrived super fast. overallrating 5   lineend
name STEPHEN MOREAU review This delay pedal doesnt give you massive distortion, but a nice bit of fuzz.  I'm impressed with what you get for the price! overallrating 4   lineend
name W.R.Amyot review I love a lot of Danelectro products, but not really this one, i give it 3/5 because it works as advertised.The features are good. True Bypass requires a 9v wall plug, and adjustments are good.BUT HERE'S MY ISSUE- The Distortion is not 'Crunchy.' It distorts, sure, but the sound is not dimensional... it has no depth to it.Thats fine for someone who is playing one of the various metal genres, but i play a lot of blues-rock... I ended up switching to a Vintage-Tube overdrive by behringer.Not for me, maybe for you. overallrating 3   lineend
name Amazon Customer review It's not bad. It would be better if I bought one large enough for my finger. Still, I'd rather stick with a Copper slide. overallrating 3   lineend
name Ecadad review I purchased this as my first guitar slide. I loved it for about one month, then it fell off my finger and shattered into tiny pieces. I almost cut myself! I will never buy a glass slide again, I recently bought a Dunlop brass slide and love it. The difference between glass and metal is that glass is a muddier, mellow tone, and glass is crisper, louder, and does not break. I would not suggest this to anyone. The metal ones are about the same price, they don't break, and sound way better. There's a reason ALL pros use metal! The review below is wrong. Slides are meant to cover your ENTIrE finger, all the way to the tip. You don't bend your finger to play slide. You retune your guitar to an open tuning. Just thought I would point that out. overallrating 2   lineend
name George Hartselle II review  A little small for my taste, very thin, but works well and Dunlop products have always peased me as a professional musician. overallrating 3   lineend
name Mauro R.. review This is a great glass slide, but the ring size seems to be smaller than announced. My finger stays too tight. Not uncomfortable, but it takes some effort to get it out. overallrating 4   lineend
name Timothy Eastman review  Clear sounding slider works pretty good in the studio. I did drop it a couple times (ok, maybe more than a couple) on the wood floors of stages without a problem. Then one day, in the frigidly cold outdoors, I dropped it on a concrete floor and it completely shattered, oops. overallrating 3   lineend
name WAYA review I'll start this by saying I prefer metal slides to glass (tone snob that I am)So I wasn't too excited about playing with this, until I played with it!The tone is amazing!!Great highs, amazing lows, smooth midrange and unbelievable harmonics!I now only use metal slides... And my dunlop bottleneck ;-) overallrating 4   lineend
name Alex Bartlett review This strap works well, looks good, and is comfortable to wear. The choice of colors and durable material are two strengths. Price was good for a useful accessory. overallrating 5   lineend
name digitel review Nice basic guitar strap.. Great price and should last long enough.  I have started using the padded Levies strap as it doesnt hurt my shoulder like a regular strap. This can be a little scratchy overallrating 5   lineend
name GJack review This strap is value for money. I was surprised when I got it - I didn't expect something so good at this price! The material is shiny, blue and doesn't look cheap and the strap is generously wide. The ends are leather with one side having a golden EB logo. Goes well with my black Squier Strat. Highly recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name Nuri K review  No sign of wear and tear. and the holes are really tight, minimizing the likelihood of the guitar breaking free occasionally (it never once came undone in all these months, not sth you can say about all guitar straps) overallrating 5   lineend
name P. Panehal review This was my first strap. It looks good, feels pretty strong, and it is difficult to strap to the guitar. By being difficult, I mean it takes some time to squeeze it to the buttons, and it holds on tight. This makes me feel safe having my guitar suspended about three to four feet above the ground. You can't beat the price either! overallrating 5   lineend
name RON IN USA review  they don't cost a lot and they work well.  They are inexpensive and they work.  I have purchased 5 of these for my guitars and they are nice overallrating 5   lineend
name Wilseph review They say there the best there not wrong wool awesome good buy overallrating 5   lineend
name Aaron Madden review Great cord for the money. Works well with the electric violin and mic my daughter got for Christmas. Will buy more in future overallrating 5   lineend
name Barryd0927 review I highly recommend planet waves cables!  I have them for my guitars and for my mics . awesome sound great durability and reliability and warranty for life!! cant go wrong ! overallrating 5   lineend
name Edward review This with my Behringer XM8500 is perfect.I like that it is branded with the planet waves logo on the connectors rather than plain XLR cables Which adds a sense of a quality look my gear. This goes directly into my Focusrite 2i2 interface and I'm planning on using this same cable with a condenser microphone I have yet to purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gutjammer review I've been using this mic cable for over ten years, and it had come up missing after an event. I looked everywhere I could think of, and thought I had lost it for good. One day, I happened to look between a ball of TV cable wire in the rehearsal room, and there it was. I didn't remember where I'd gotten it, or even the manufacturer. Although I have more than a dozen mic cables, this pliable cable, with it's own elastic clasp, was always my favorite.  I was ecstatic the day I found it, after months without it, and now have a backup. I highly recommend this cable. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jonah K review So far so good! And I know if anything goes wrong I just have to return it to a local dealer.  Well worth the investment! overallrating 5   lineend
name bobatious review If you want a little more &#34;meaty&#34; sound and feel on les pauls and similar guitars, this set is the ticket.Just slightly heavier feel but much more tone.As usual, after switching to heavier strings you may have to tighten your truss rod a bit to compensate for greater string tension. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Sharpguy review Good strings.  They work and sound good.  I didn't notice much of a difference between these and run-of-the-mill D'Addario strings. overallrating 4   lineend
name DMGenest | review  If you want an inexpensive \"pure nickel\" string get theDR Strings Pure Blues Pure Nickel Wrap Round Core.They feel nice, are nicer to your frets, sound smooth and mellow for the blues or any genre. They bendnicely and sustain just as well.I know guitar strings can be a personal thing, and there are more expensive pure nickels out there, butat this price point try a set of these as well. You may be surprised.I have rated this set at '4' stars because only after about 16 hours of practice the 'D' string windingbroke at the second and third fret of my Gibson Standard. No damage to the frets and it was easilydiscovered because the string sounded dull, almost dead. Strange.I recently went 'electric' again after 20+ years. So electric guitar strings are basically a new experiencefor me again. That said, I never had an acoustic wound string have its winding come loose in over 30years  of playing.I put another set on my electric and have had no further problems. I have not heard of this happeningto anyone else. Maybe its no big deal, so no one remarks on it...UPDATE 07/14/2013: I am still using DR Blues on my guitars and have not had any further problems withthem..UPDATE 01/08/2014: I just had the D string windings break on a new set. Different guitar but broke onthe same frets as reported above. overallrating 4   lineend
name jinx review I did a little research to find the best strings and other reviews aimed me at these.  I just got done stringing them and they sound great. I think these will be what I play from now on. overallrating 5   lineend
name Zulu Warrior review  I didn't know how Pure nickel was different than other nickel wraps.  I was origianlly disappointed in the sound. overallrating 3   lineend
name aashish review works great. Haven't had a problem until now. Very durable and not uncomfortable either. Really awesome item for any type of electric guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Abigail Ferreira review While ordering a guitar case, the guitar strap popped up and I could not pass up the deal.  I found it price inexpensive and the quality was very good. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review Works and it is good.No problem, very standard one. All your own preferences. So you need to try it out before you say if that works for you. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrew P. review I bought another heavy LP guitar recently and thought I'm going to use Fender \"leather\" strap I bought in Target a while ago (not sure why  - i never buy guitar stuff there) it looks good then. Well, you get what you pay for - leather looking paper wouldn't hold guitar. So, I gave it a chance and bough this on and it seems like this strap holding well. Ends is actually made from leather and fit buttons tightly. It still not too wide to play for few hours - but for that you have to buy $30+ one. So, this one works well for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name applegd07 review The strap is strong and well made. The color is perfect and with the pick pocket it makes for an easy place for picks to be stored. I like it a lot. overallrating 5   lineend
name AWB review Arrived on time and as described.  The strap is well made and suspect it will be around for some time to come.  It is basic and not fancy.  It does the job, is comfortable and the price is right.  I have four of these Pro Tec straps having replaced all my old straps some of which date back a way too many years.  This one has the pick pocket which seemed like a neat idea.  So far forget to use it but that will come. overallrating 5   lineend
name barleypopmaker review  A strap is a strap, what can you really say about it? It was about $5 with prime shipping and connected to my guitar just fine. It's comfortable and fits my bass well. I'm a bigger guy and have plenty of length if I needed it. Nice value. overallrating 5   lineend
name BAT review I have a collection of straps but not a black one.  This one matches the acoustic/electric I bought perfectly.  The pick holder is a nice addition to the strap that none of my other straps have.  I would buy fromthis company again.  Thank You. overallrating 5   lineend
name Blinky Morgan review Bought this for my Kona K2 acoustic, it fits and holds well on the guitar with the leather ends. Its adjustable with a pick pocket, Simple, good quality, would by another. overallrating 4   lineend
name Brandon K. Rush review Bought this strap for use with my Dean EVO electric. It's very nice and durable, though the leather on the ends was really tough to get around the strap holders on the guitar since the strap is really heavy-duty. It works great, though, and for the price it's wonderful. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian Mark review While on the surface the pocket sounds great, the picks either fall out because they aren't pushed in far enough or they are impossible to grab because they are pushed in too far. There is also a tendency for the picks to fall out when you put the guitar on a stand, which is a bit annoying.The strap itself is just fine and is a good price, but the pocket idea sounded better on paper than it works in real life. overallrating 4   lineend
name brien patterson review I really like the idea of a &#34;Pick&#34; pocket in the strap. In fact I like it so well.... that when I replace the strap on my other guitar I'll make sure it also has the same type of strap. overallrating 4   lineend
name 'brother' Bill review &#34;Nice for the price&#34; ... practical, everyday useable. Money well spent on this one for sure. Glad I did it. overallrating 3   lineend
name Bum-Ki Cho review Fine product!i've been using it for 1 monthno dirty thread or any issue with itleather is bit tough at first time overallrating 5   lineend
name Carlos De Cunha review  Cheap crappy strap. It's too stiff, not comfortable at all. I regret purchasing this... Save your money, go hunt for a Coach strap or something similar. They are expensive but worth it. overallrating 1   lineend
name cassandra tu review  I needed a new bass strap because my old one was frying at the ends. I choose this one because it was very durable. The nylon is very strong, I do not see it fraying in the future. The leather eds are nice and thick so the hook wont slip off the strap pegs. The guitar pick pocket on the the leather ends is a nice addition to keep your picks at hand. Good colour selection too. Highly recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris M. review My son was very happy with this guitar strap.  He is just developing good techniques in playing and the comfort of this strap works well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Christopher C review This works perfect with the quick release system I also purchased. I mostly purchased this so my buddies can play my guitars without adjusting my favorite strap. It also has a pick holder that comes in handy when you need an spare, or want to put it away without loosing it. overallrating 4   lineend
name David G review Good quality but not as nice as some pricier ones.  If I want better I would shop around and pay more.  Does the job for now. overallrating 5   lineend
name David W review  Very pleasantly surprised buy this one.  I like the leather ends and it adjust easily and stays put.  It looks like it will hold up to some abuse as well.  A nice strap for my lower tier guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald review This is a very secure and almost comfortable. There should be a pick pocket on both ends but it is a nice feature. overallrating 5   lineend
name Don Daze review This is my first guitar belt, it is not a good fit, the connection to the guitar is far too thick, I try to not remove it too often as it is highly inconvenient and hard to manage.  Other than that it is usable, sort of, but I am thinking of getting some kind of metal hook instead, the thick leather is so unpleasant to deal with. overallrating 2   lineend
name Dr. Marc review It's well made and is fine as straps go but the pick pocket isn't much use. The picture implies that it hold the pick so that it's partially exposed and easy to grab. However the pocket is bigger that this and fairly loose so that picks tend to fall out when taking the strap off. overallrating 4   lineend
name Elizabeth Collins review I am pleased with this guitar strap and feel it will do great for the young musician in our home. overallrating 5   lineend
name EMIL D RUIAN review The only problem is that the pick falls out of the pocket rather easy. Also the holes are a little hard to hook, in the beginning. overallrating 4   lineend
name EYE4GET review Simple nylon guitar strap with pick pocket and leather tabs at each end.  Appropiately priced.  Good value.  Not fancy, but who needs a fancy strap for a $90 guitar?  Arrived before projected delivery date. The leather ends are VERY stiff and VERY difficult to use.  Takes a good deal of effort to get them on and off the guitar. overallrating 3   lineend
name GaryG review Well, here's what i have to say, this strap is much shorter than im used to, but seeing how I bought this for an off guitar, that's ok. They really should put the length in the description, the length is 53\" max, where I like my straps to be 64\" max.It is a hard strap to get on the guitar, (I do not suggest getting this strap withDunlop Dual Design Straplok System, Nickel), these are great locks, BUT almost impossible to install on this strap.Overall great buy for a cheap little money saver. overallrating 3   lineend
name GeekParrot review If you need a simple, normal-length strap, this should work fine.  However, if you are tall and like to sling the guitar a bit on the low side, this is not what you need.  I bought this but wound up ordering theErnie Ball 4037 Black Polypro Strapinstead.  Very similar look and feel, but the Ernie Ball is MUCH longer.  The lowest I could get this to hang was just above my waist.  Again, not a bad strap, just not for us tall guys :) overallrating 4   lineend
name JBIZZLE review Best strap available for the price. Excellent quality and is very comfy.Love the pick pocket. I will be buying more overallrating 5   lineend
name Jerry Cunningham review Nice strap for the price. Looks nice and quality seems nice. Like the pic holder on front. of the strap. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jerry S. Johnson review Well executed black guitar strap.  It is made of strong, seatbelt-like material with excellent stitching that is unlikely to ever fray or come apart.  The length adjusts easily to accomodate tall adults or children.  It has excellent leather ends with slots cut into the leather to put over you guitar buttons (not-included).  Nothing fancy but great quality that gets the job done inexpensively. overallrating 5   lineend
name jespi59jr review i ordered with my new guitar. These straps are quite flexible length-wise, so if you have ever been disappointed by a strap that you either couldn't get short enough for a high playing position or long enough for a low playing position, you will not be disappointed here. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jim 1954 review Hangs my guitar around my neck so I don't have to hold it there. Easily adjusted. Looks nice. The pick pocket is handy. overallrating 5   lineend
name jinx review I think this is a good deal. It's not colorful and flashy but secures theguitar nicely and as a previous reviewer has said, it is a little difficult toget on but it shouldn't fall off. overallrating 4   lineend
name Joe Average review  This guitar strap is very stiff and cuts into my neck.  Also, the &#34;pick pocket&#34; is only useful when the strap is around your neck.  When you remove the strap, any picks in the pocket fall out.  It is OK, definitely not great. overallrating 3   lineend
name John Ellis review Nothing fancy about this strap, unless you want to count the pick pocket at one end. Just well made and functional.I got this for my grandson's Squier (by Fender) 3/4 size acoustic. It doesn't have a strap button at the top end. It would have been nice if this had come with a lace of some type to tie on just above the nut. But I work with leather and I found a nice piece of rawhide lace to serve this purpose. Not everyone would necessarily have the materials at hand. overallrating 5   lineend
name John G. review So, you just spent all your money on a guitar and do not want to spend much more accessorizing.  This strap is perfect, even if you do have the money to spend and just looking for something that will do the job well.The materials are 1)high quality soft nylon for the strap - it feels kind of like a non-stretch ACE bandage, 2) durable non-scratching/marring plastic for the links and adjuster and 3) a thick rubber material for the ends.The thickness of  rubber material for the end secure the the straps pretty well. They do not slide of the strap pegs very easily. I say rubber like because they seem more like a synthetic leather but with more flexibility. Again this material seems to be non-marring.All this and a secret compartment for picks.Overall, a fantastic product with a price that can't be beat.  Highly recommended.  Five stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name John review this is a nice strap. It's kinda  hard to get on the 1st time because it's stiff. That turned out to be good  good thing while dissecting the underbelly of swamp rat, it would  be sad if your axe fell in your soup! overallrating 5   lineend
name Joseph Durall review This strap is a great strap. It is comfortable. It is adjustable. It just looks great. I have not used the pick holder yet. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joseph F. Bierley review Very nice quality, inexpensive guitar strap. A little tough to get on.... that just means it's not going to come off with use, just make sure it is all the way on before you start using it! Using this on my Ibanez ART100 electric guitar. The pick pocket is a nice extra. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Parks Hammond review Very good strap, but the pick pocket does not hold the picks securely. Especially when you take off the guitar for a break. Either a pocket closure or a spring loaded clip is needed overallrating 5   lineend
name JPfromOH review I recently purchased two Protec guitar straps in order to avoid having to switch straps between instruments.  These straps are quite flexible length-wise, so if you have ever been disappointed by a strap that you either couldn't get short enough for a high playing position or long enough for a low playing position, you will not be disappointed here.  These are also a nice medium width, so they should be suitable for all kinds of players.  Although one reviewer complained about the size of the holes for the strap buttons, I actually find the snug fit to be an advantage:  it doesn't feel like I'll have to worry about the strap coming disconnected from the guitar.  And, the price is right. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Rodino review It's a guitar strap. It holds up the guitar. Using it on an acoustic dreadnought and it's plenty long enough. overallrating 5   lineend
name kbgulfcoast review Great idea, well made, nice heavy webbingFit probly 6 or more picks. No need to glue/screw junk on your axe, maybe good with slide, or capo, haven't tried. But good product and price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kim K. review If you just need an inexpensive strap that is perfectly functional at a low price then this is the one for you.  Works fine, no problems. overallrating 4   lineend
name LARRY review Made of durable nylon with pick pocket. Given 5 stars, Shipped on time and at good price. I recommend this item. overallrating 5   lineend
name Leon2142 review There are other guitar straps that are nearly the same quality for half the price. The thing about this one is that it has a pocket to hold a few picks, which is quite useful. I also like the leather ends, because they dont shift and move around quite as much as my old plastic-ey one did. Overall, i think these are abit much for seven dollars, but im happy with the purchase. overallrating 3   lineend
name Matt review This was a great strap, i used it on my guitar for months and it's so strong that it's tough to take off, i'm buying another one for my bass overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Broshar review What can I say about a guitar strap.  It fits the guitar well and is a nice strap for the price. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael Livote review  I'm not going to gush over this one...it simply works well for the price paid. It has nice thick leather ends that hold onto my guitar well enough(especially if you use locking clips...you DO use them, right? ;)). I like it and will use it again. overallrating 4   lineend
name modbantam review A great add on to my student model for acoustic practising. Always add those rubber gasket strap stops too. Fender makes good cheap ones. Guitar will never fall off a strap. overallrating 5   lineend
name Norm review Very comfortable. The soft yet thick leather ends will really protect the finish. Heavy duty but soft on the shoulder. Not cheap quality at all. This will definitely last a long time. overallrating 5   lineend
name NPunk42 review Cheaply made but functional. Keep a couple of these in the bag as spares.They will be handy if you- know- who shows up to the gig without a strap. overallrating 5   lineend
name PH review I have enjoyed my Protec Strap. I was surprised how well made the leather harnesses are and I have had no issue with them stretching on the strap posts of my Dot Studio. One note would be that these straps are probably better for your lighter body styles - strats, teles, sgs - heavier guitars will tend to start digging into your shoulder after an hour or so. Having the pick pocket is a neat feature. I am just finishing up rebuilding a LP copy and I will be getting another for this guitar net week. overallrating 4   lineend
name Princessdeo review This isn't the best strap, but it's affordable and pretty good for a beginner's guitar strap. The pick holder on the strap is pretty neat, however I don't find myself using it often. The guitar strap is not very comfortable, but it does the job. Recommended for a practical and affordable strap for electric guitar. Don't forget to buy strap locks, you will need it. overallrating 3   lineend
name RAYON ORMOND review These are really well made straps for the money! The only problem I had was that I wished I had ordered more of them!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard R. Casper review A little nicer than I thought it would be. As far as inexpensive straps go this one is worth it.  I like the pick pocket too.  But don't let the pocket be the selling point.  It's not that cool. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard review  my guitar strap was old, I replaced it with this one as I didnt want to head into town,, is black and no frills. overallrating 5   lineend
name RON IN USA review  they are cheap to buy and they are nice straps for an acoustic.  I am not sure how they would feel on a heavy electric overallrating 5   lineend
name Skyeye review Very good guitar strap!  Thick nylon webbing material well sewn and the leather ends not only look sharp, they hold really well on your guitar studs.The tan color goes with with my natural finished guitar.I would recommend this strap to all! overallrating 5   lineend
name stefanj review I order 2 of these for my electric guitars.  They are cheap enough and have a pretty good adjustment range.  The end tabs are either leather or some kind of stiff \"pleather\" knock off. They were VERY difficult to get on my guitar pegs (not a bad thing as my old strap popped off with the slightest pressure).  These are not coming off anytime soon.  They are wide enough but do not have any kind of shoulder pad (I play sitting down so no big deal to me- but if you play standing up these won't be the most comfortable straps) All in all they are a decent strap for the price. overallrating 4   lineend
name Sunluvr review  I really like this strap, it's comfortable, adjusts easily, and the pick holder is really convenient.  This is my second one for my other guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name trebe review Pro Tec manufactures a variety of accessories for musical instruments.  Their low cost black nylon guitar strap, is a well constructed high quality item, that is a top seller at Amazon.  The large sized attachment tabs are quite thick, about 1/8 inch.  Although the fit on the typical guitar strap nuts is snug, some type of strap retainer would still be recommended.  Black works with most colors, and this strap should last for a long time, but it is so inexpensive, if you qualify for free shipping, you might want to consider ordering a spare. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wes Caldwell review  This strap is sturdy and looks good and goes well with a Fender Strat, it doesn't come off every time you get to jamming out and forget you are not sitting down, so you don't have to worry about dropping your guitar so you can focus on rocking out. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wes review These straps are very good at a low cost. I actually like them better than a few high-priced straps I have and they&#8217;re lightweight as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name William McClain review This strap is very well made.  The leather is real thick and stiff which make is very unlikely to come off your guitar.  Very happy with this low cost strap. overallrating 5   lineend
name Writer365 review Looks like the ends will hold up without having to use strap locks. The pick pocket is cool, though I won't be using it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Yousif review The strap is very reliable, the pick pocket is a nice touch, but if playing for extended periods of times, you might want to go with something more comfortable. overallrating 4   lineend
name zxrslant review  for the price u cant go wrong. its long enough .. and well made.. it got here fast and was trackable.. slap and tap an dont forget ur strap. overallrating 5   lineend
name callysto review i did pretty much almost hurt myself attaching this strap to my guitar...but all in all I will say it was weeeeellllll worth the effort! It looks and feels great on my Luna Butterfly...and I like the durability it seems like it will have. Pretty great strap overall and I am very very much pleased with my purchase!!! all smiles here :) overallrating 5   lineend
name digitel review Very nice strap.  is comfortable as this type of strap can be..  it will with heavier guitars feel like its wearing on you after about an hour.  I ended up switching to their padded strap.  I still think this is a great strap and use it on a lighter guitar now. overallrating 5   lineend
name Huevos Rancheros review  Nicely made strong strap with colorful pattern. It fits my ovation quite snuggly, I bought some retainers, but found them unnecessary so far. I couldn't remove this strap if I wanted to, well I could but its just too much work. So it will stay where it belongs for a few years at least.The only thing I don't like about this strap is the edge of the strap is a bit abrasive on my bare neck. Not a problem in the cooler months when I'm prone to sweaters and such, but in the summer it takes a bit of getting used to. It's made of a canvassy cotton, so its strong, but its also a little rough. I'm going to try waxing the edge with canning wax or candle wax and see if that smooths it down a bit.It is a very nice strap and will last years. I like it almost as much as my 40 year old ACE strap, which is much softer due to 40 odd years of use and abuse by a multitude of musicians. But finding an old ACE for anything close to this price is a fools journey.Buy one, then keep your eyes out for a hootenanny. You'll be ready..... overallrating 4   lineend
name John review I really like this strap.  I ended up ordering a total of three with different color schemes so I can have one on each guitar.  They're really comfortable.  They're much less bulky than most of the leather straps I've seen, so I can just keep them on the guitar in the case.I've had the original blue one I bought for about 3 years and it still looks and functions like new. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Rodino review Bought as a gift for my son, and he's very pleased with it. What can you say? It's a guitar strap, it does the job, and looks good. And $20 for a Levy's Leather strap is a good deal. I got the gold, and it's good-looking without being garish. overallrating 4   lineend
name Levis Ouellet review I love my Levy's Jacquard Straps.  They are colourful.  I have purchase 2 to see how they were.  This one to match with my black Ovation 1861- Balladeer and another to match with my Ovation Maple top CC44.  I now have another one for my new Ovation 12 String CC245 just ordered this week from Amazon.The straps were chosen to match with the guitar colours and my wife thinks that they are awesome and will certainly be talked about by the ladies around when I play my guitars.They tightly fit around the guitar buttons and the shoulders.  I have no regrets with the purchases and I truly recommend those straps to anyone. overallrating 5   lineend
name Linda Noullet review I just ordered three different guitar straps online. One for my daughter and at first a cheap one for myself. Then I found this and decided to get it. The $5 strap worked fine but it was scratchy and stiff. I got this and switched over. Ahhh this is a guitar strap! I see why you pay more. It is so soft and comfortable. It looks AMAZING! This is just a great product. I would highly recommend it to anyone and am proud to use it on my guitar. Thanks! overallrating 5   lineend
name Nunya Bizness review This strap is very thick and heavy, which give you a good secure feeling.  The heavy leather ends are difficult to get the buttons on the guitar through, but your know that they are not going to slip back out.The picture does not do it justice. I paired it with my black EPI LP and it looks phenomenal. I am very impressed with how nice this strap is. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rachel Himes review There's not a whole lot one can say about a guitar strap, but I'll try. This one is sturdy and adjusts more easily than some I've tried. It's fairy thick and the material doesn't slip around on your shoulder easily. Aesthetically, the woven print is abslutely beautiful. The photo cannot do it justice. The colors and rich and vibrant and the weave is tight, not chintzy or frayed. I'm very pleased with the product and the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Haney review I have several of these straps in different colors and I've never been disappointed.  It holds my 11 pound Les Paul with no problems and the first one I bought has been through quite a few gigs and is still holding up strong.  If you like the design, go for it! overallrating 5   lineend
name snocyclist review The look of this strap caught my eye, I have a light colored natural look to my acoustic guitar and the blue complements it really well. The design is colorful and elaborate without being overly loud. Strong build, sort of a double layered nylon strap, and nice thick leather for the ends(one end was actually pretty difficult to put on the guitar when still new, but it should be easier with some wear). Easy to adjust, comfortable. I think that with many things you get what you pay for, and this strap is definitely worth the added cost over the cheap kinds you can get. overallrating 5   lineend
name Truvor review This Levy's Jacquard strap is well made and comfortable. It was much cheaper here than any other place on-line or at a brick and mortar. Arrived quite quickly, but a tracking number would've been nice. Otherwise, no compaints. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob review I installed the Ragin' Cajun into my Fender Super Champ X2. I immediately noticed a difference in the quality, fullness and volume of my amp. It has turned my amp into a amp that is now capable of being used at small gigs. An excellent speaker that I would highly recommed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bradley review I installed the Ragin' Cajun into my Fender Super Champ XD.  I read all of the reviews of people saying this speaker turned their Super Champ into a monster and man they were right!  I immediately noticed a difference in the warmth, articulation, and fullness of my sound!  The cleans are warm and...clean, and the distortion is articulate and fits my needs nicely.  I had been trying to play Tool's \"Jambi\" and the beginning part never sounded right.  I always thought I was doing something wrong because of how muddy it souned.  Tried the same lick with the Ragin Cajun and it sounds perfect!  I would highly recommend this speaker for anyone that owns a Fender Super Camp XD or needs a 10 inch speaker.Two items of note:  1) A few people said this is a bass heavy speaker and I do not agree.  While it is slightly darker than the stock speaker, it has a screaming Mid/Low range.  A quick turn of the Treble knob from 4 to 6 cleaned up the darkness.  2) Don't forget, the first time you install the speaker will be the worst it will sound.  All speakers need to be broken in before they hit their sweet spot.  With that said, this thing sounds amazing directly after install.  Buy, you won't regret! overallrating 5   lineend
name David Burch review Fabulous clean tone, and great distortion sound running off a solid-state amp and pedals. The characteristic Strat sound of my guitar is very apparent. Weighs a ton, cool logo, made in USA. What more could you ask? overallrating 5   lineend
name Ima Fish review  I installed this in a Super Champ x2.  As others have pointed out you'll have to turn the treble down after installing it.  That's because it's designed for making solos stand out. I.e., for adding punch.  If you're a lead guitarist, this speaker will make your guitar sing.However, if you mostly play rhythm, I'd stick with the stock speaker.I want to put two of these into my 4x10 Blues DeVille to increase its range and make solos sing, while letting the stock speakers give me some bottom. overallrating 4   lineend
name James L. Maxey review If you play Rock or Classic Rock & have a Tube amp with a 10 Inch speaker that needs a little more life... Pop one of these in. My little  VHT Special 6 Came Alive with this speaker. Love It! overallrating 5   lineend
name Slick Rhoads review Simply put, this speaker turned my Super Champ XD into a killer 15watt amp. Gave the amp more low-end and made everything much clearer. I would, and do, recommend this speaker to anyone wanting to upgrade their Super Champ sound. And, like other people have said, the speaker is much louder on the same volume setting. I had to turn the amp down two notches (two number) to have the same volume level out of the amp.If my Super Champ was stolen, I'd buy a new one and put this speaker in it. Wouldn't even think twice about it. overallrating 5   lineend
name The User review I bought this speaker to replace the stock one in my Fender x2 champ. It has much more weight to it and a way larger, heavier magnet. It has way more bass and is louder than the stock Fender.It sounds much better than the stock one because at the higher volume levels the stock speaker craps out and sounds flubby.  This one solves these issues and sounds great at all levels and settings. Great replacement and a definite upgrade. Makes the champ a SUPER CHAMP. overallrating 5   lineend
name C.E. review   if anything happens.If your looking for a decent cable for a low price, I would give these a try. overallrating 5   lineend
name Daniel Freeman review I purchased this cable to use for a multitude of purposes around my home studio and within my live rig.I am a bass player by trade, though I dabble with many other instrument (as many of us do). I typically run direct for recording and have lately been foregoing a bass amp for many live shows, when the sound system is adequate, via SansAmp ParaDriver or VT Bass Deluxe DI.Around my modest home studio I often need an XLR to run just a few feet from my DI to my interface so the AT cable works well there. For being a thin flexible cable, I notice no noise issues or interference problems.I also sing backups on stage and I typically run my mic into a TC Electronics Mic Mechanic pedal, (which is great for those of us who do not have outboard effects processors for our vocals) and then to the mixer. I use the AT 10' XLR to run from the Mic to the pedal and it allows just the right amount of cable to be routed securely for the show, then I run the standard XLR to mixer or stage snake out of the TC.The cable end are very rugged feeling and have a very solid feel when connecting and disconnecting equipment, unlike many of my other cheaper XLR cables. This cable, at least in its 10' form, sounds just as good as my Mogami Silver 25' XLR. I know that many cheaply priced XLRs are noisy and problematic. I have several. I don't have to worry about those problems with this cable and will be purchasing more in other lengths as well to compare to my Mogami cables.On short, I would recommend it for any budget conscious musical professional or novice alike. overallrating 5   lineend
name David G review Much better than the more economical one's sold.  I should have gotten the 15 foot, but you live and learn.  My studio is small but it needs to wrap around my desk and go into my sound-proof closet.  It matches my awesome AT2035 microphone. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jim R. review  This cable is very well constructed. I use it in my DJ business and I highly recommend it to anyone who needs one like it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Servartus review I use this for my desk mic I use for recording. It is the perfect length and the connectors are of excellent quality, especially for this price. Definitely would buy these again for other mics in the future. overallrating 5   lineend
name Coffee Infusion review  While I wish the bases came in different colors, I really like these hangars. They look good, and perform well. I hang Strats on them and have not experienced any problems (think I saw a video on Youtube that said Strat headstocks could slip).Easy to install, and hanging and releasing is a no-brainer. Have three of these Hercules hangers. overallrating 5   lineend
name Coolkayaker review  s on this baby. And I agree, and I add to that total.  5 stars overallrating 5   lineend
name Dave review Just to confirm several other reviews - these hangers are really nice. They add a nice look to your room and they perform a much-needed function very well. As other have said, though, the drywall mounts are pretty much useless and I DON'T recommend you trust your guitars to them if installed in drywall!Even my lightest guitar was pulling the block away from the wall, so there's no way I'd trust any of my \"proper\" guitars to these things! I bought some heavy-duty anchors from the local DIY store (you can get them from Amazon tooTOGGLER SNAPTOGGLE BA Toggle Bolt with Bolts, USA Made, For 3/16\"-24 Fastener Size (Pack of 10)) and enlarged the hole in the block slightly to accommodate the thicker screw. Much better! I have a few of these, holding up a Les Paul type, a Strat, a Godin and a G&L; tele and they've been holding up (pun intended!) fine for a few weeks now. overallrating 4   lineend
name Gery Sasko review  Very solid and I feel comfortable hanging my Taylor 414CE in this. Easy to remove the guitar and easy to put the guitar back in and always feels secure. Great item. overallrating 5   lineend
name Grenics review I love these hanging Hercules Guitar Hangers!  The work wonderfully.  When you place your guitar into the hanger, little supports turn in to each other creating a safe secure hanger.  Works great in studs, drywall, and stucco (with the correct hardware of course). overallrating 5   lineend
name Howard J. Herman review Since this is the third hanger I have purchased it goes without saying that I really like it. My only criticism is that it ships with mounting hardware that is for a &#34;brick&#34; wall. I am fairly sure that 90%+ of those of us that use these hangers mount them on a plasterboard wall. How about shipping it with a suitable wall anchor for drywall? Otherwise, a great hanger that I trust for use with my expensive guitars.I'm just running out of wall space and money for new guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name JC review This is a great guitar hanger that was recommended to me by several people. Great for people with babies/toddlers looking to get their guitars off the ground like myself.I love the unique self-locking mechanism that it has. The weight of the guitar lowers the hanger and moves the lock levers up so your guitar neck is securely fastened. I have an electric and an acoustic hanging up. The acousitc's body is about 4.5\ review ers said the included drywall anchors are cheap and not that good. The wood screws that came with the product I found to be a little short (if you were installing on dry-wall in front of a stud). Others found this to be true too. I bought #8 Wood Screws in 2.5\" length at the hardware store and these worked perfectly for my install. The included screws I  think are about 2\" in length or a little less. overallrating 5   lineend
name John Ellis review I was first exposed to the Hercules locking mechanism when our Praise Band leader brought in his Hercules two-guitar stand and I tried it with both my full-size 12-string guitar and my 5-string banjo. I was impressed. When I decided to buy some guitar hangers to reorganize my music room/amateur studio, I was excited to find that the same Hercules mechanism was available in a couple wall-hanger models. I put them on my wish list, where my son & daughter-in-law found them and bought three for me for Christmas this last weekend. I just finished putting them up and I'm completely satisfied with their solid construction. They give me confidence that they will hold my instruments reliably. I used the provided screws, which worked great for mounting them on the plank walls. I probably wouldn't trust the hollow wall anchors provided for drywall, but instead get something more substantial to mount it (like a toggle anchor).What I'm happiest about is that these hangers can be used with a variety of stringed instruments. The opening is wide enough to accommodate my classical guitar and 12-string guitars but not so wide as to not support my 5-string banjo. (I've submitted a photo showing them holding up a classical & 12-string guitars, and 5-string banjo). My friend plays Gretch semi-hollow body and Fender solid-body (and other) electric guitars with his Hercules 2-guitar stand, so I assume they would also work with the wall hangers.I am happy to recommend this handy little device to anyone who wants to get their favorite instrument up out of the way but still keep it handy. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jorge Marin review fits just fine,I have two electric guitars and one bass, nothing can take it down ,you will see it recommended ! overallrating 5   lineend
name Moe review Very nice design. It can holds all the my guitars with no issues.  The lock system is amazing and keeps my guitars well secured. overallrating 5   lineend
name overbybr review This clip does the same thing that the Hercules guitar stands do: Lock your guitar in place so you don't have to worry about it dropping or falling off the hanger. The auto-close function on the hanger is the best part of this hanger. Simply lift your guitar and it lets go everytime. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ryszard Sytnik review I purchase this Hercules GSP38WB A/G guitar hanger for my Yamaha 700. Is just perfect for what is made for. 100% satisfaction. overallrating 5   lineend
name Slick Rhoads review I have purchased six of these over the last couple years. Why? Because they work. They mount securely into the drywall and lock the guitar into place. I don't think I'd ever buy any other device to hang a guitar on my wall. They feel rock-solid too.I highly recommend and will be buying more in the future.I gave it 4/5 stars because I haven't used any other devices like these before - maybe there is something better, but I haven't seen it yet.~Slick overallrating 4   lineend
name David H. Bailey review I had purchased a Peak violin stand but wasn't thrilled with the height of the violin bow holder -- the tip of the bow dangled just a bit too close to the floor for my comfort.  This, being designed to hold either a violin or a viola, allows more height and I feel that the bow is safer.  Additionally, this stand allows my violin to be placed on it with the shoulder rest in place while the Peak stand was less secure unless I removed the shoulder rest.  So this stand is more versatile for a performing situation and for days at home when I want to have my violin handy and ready to play as time allows.Warning -- do not use any violin stand at all if you have a cat or dog which can come into the room where the violin is resting on the stand.  The stand does have a lock to help keep the violin on the stand but it would be very easy to knock the whole thing over if a dog or cat were in a playful energetic mood. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gerardo Piero Pavone review I could not expect a better violin stand. It is very robust, versatile, good looking and not very expensive. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name jbnomad review My wife plays the fiddle and the mandolin and this stand works great for both of them. It even has a bow holder and it is easy to pack and transport. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mike review  I've two of these stands. On one of them, the base part of the tubing has lost its tack weld. If you carefully separate the pie slice shaped black foam from the base of the stand, you'll see that the base of the tubing is welded there. Mine lost its weld, so the tubing is not secure to the grey base - they separate - I was left holding the tubing while the grey base fell to the floor!UPDATE: 1/9/12 GLEN INGLES REFUSES TO REPLACE OR REPAIR THE STAND. BEWARE! ...and you should be aware that the stand is assembled in..............wait for it................China. That may explain why it failed, but Glen Ingles could have offered to replace it. I guess he doesn't want me to buy any more of his products, or refer others to his products. Well, that's his policy. That's okay, he's got competition, and I'll be purchasing from them instead. overallrating 1   lineend
name Ralph Martin Smith review  This is a great stand for your violin or viola. I use it all the time and I feel that my violin is very safe in it at gigs. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrew D. Flint review  I play in small tight places..  Sometimes, People dance right in front of us..  I actually bought one of these  for my partner because for some reason, he would put his stand high and only use 1/3 of his boom to hold his microphone..  the rest of his boom arm stuck out into the crowd and because it was so tight, drunk dancers would bump into the boom part of the stand knock his microphone into his teeth..  Despite me telling him that he should just adjust his boom differently, he wouldn't and would continue to get annoyed by the drunk dancers.When I saw this, I thought it would make a nice christmas gift..  He does use it in the one place that he has problems but only here for some reason..I bought one for myself as well and I do like it..  The plastic piece that holds the extruding part to the other side of the boom does not stay in though..  It comes apart quite easily..  My only complaint..What I do love is that the teeth on the boom angle that connects to the stand holds the boom and it doesn't slip down at all!  I personally love that because I have had Boom arms that &#34;Go Limp&#34; and their is nothing more annoying!! overallrating 4   lineend
name B. Hersey review  I do need a boom to keep the mic. stand away from my guitar when I'm playing and singing. This Posi-Lok Mini-Boom is a nice clean look and is very functional. On Stage has a well built unit here. I have ordered several! Highly recommended. Best price I have found is at Amazon. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob Denton review  I use this for an instrument mic when sitting on stage. Rigid, easily adjustable and inexpensive. Lighter than a full boom. overallrating 4   lineend
name Brian Mark review I was concerned when I bought this that my microphone stand would be prone to tipping over since there isn't a counterweight. However, not only does this thing lock in tight and not slowly tip down like other boom stands I've used in the past, but it hasn't tipped over yet after quite a bit of use. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ed Figueroa review It's a short boom, but it works great. I really like the way it locks with interlocking teeth rather than simply tightening. overallrating 4   lineend
name Paul D Ford review I use this boom attached to a desk clamp to hold a talk back mic (a cheap SM58 wannabe from Radio Shack). I like how I can collapse and tilt back the boom so it is out of the way when not in use, but then I can  easily position for use with a generous 16 inch reach. Definitely cannot use this with a standard desk mic stand weighted base because of the tip risk, but a clamping mount works very well. The locking clutch is excellent, with a large nob and secure teeth. The smaller knob to control extending the boom is also more than sufficient. Just what I needed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Phaeton review When this product appeared to be defective I contacted the seller. While they agreed to an exchange they did say that I was liable for up to 5.81 in shipping costs. I thought that more than 25% of the item's cost was a bit much.I decided to conatct the ON STAGE people directly. Not only did they seem genuinely cocerned about their product living up to their standadrs they patiently and politely guided me through the proper set-up, determined that the item was defective and then pronmised me a replacement without having to return the defective item, a microphone boom. I had the replacemnt in about four days.I have been using ON STAGE instrument and microphone stands for several years now. They are extremely well manufactured, they look great and are sturdy as heck. And I am extremely greatful to the compnay for the way they handled my issue.I have rarely been so satisfied with the way an issue was resolved and at the same extremely satisfied with the product as well.On Stage Stands 7701B Tripod Boom Microphone StandSquier by Fender Affinity Telecaster, Butterscotch BlondeShure SE115-CL Sound Isolating Earphones (Clear)Mini 3.5mm Flexible Microphone for PC/Laptop/Skype overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert Mitchell review  This mini telescoping boom is the bomb! It is built very well with long lasting parts. It looks very professional and works without any problems. It fit perfect on my new Hercules mic stand and was ready to go. It holds your condenser mic very solid for a worry-free session. Especially if you have an expensive heavy mic you want to protect without any question of durability. I'd say it it worth every penny if you prefer quality equipment in your studio. This one is definitely a hit! overallrating 5   lineend
name Jay review I was looking for a thin crash on a budget and I gave this company a try and I couldnt be more happy..I had reservations at first but when I installed it on my set and used it today I was very surprised.. It hasa great hissing crash that lingers a bit as a much more expensive cymbal would have.  This companyputs out a good cymbal and I have a combination of all of the top line names on my set. overallrating 5   lineend
name linh review It's made from China, but very please for me, sound so warm and vibration much better than famous brand. Will buy again with other size. Which 6 stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Nicholas A. Douglas review  this is honestly my favorite cymbal out of all 9 cymbals that I possess and use. very brilliant and resonant, definitely sounds like it costs a lot more than the actual price. trust this cymbal once and you won't be disappointed. it lasts a pretty long while too. it's a thin splash so it does tend to break after about 8 months of use er so, but to replace it is dirt cheap so not really a big issue there. all in all I definitely recommend trying this product overallrating 5   lineend
name NoName review Wuhan makes great products for the money. I have the 18&#34; medium crash and so I decided to try the 16&#34;, both are great cymbals for the buck. If you close your eyes you would swear you were using a Zylgian from the 60's or 70's. Nice tight crash with some great overtones heard in more expensive cymbals,  With any cymbal it is the way that you play it that makes it sound great, so with a little drum finese you can get a great sound out of it, the 18&#34; is a bit warmer than the 16&#34;, the 16&#34; sounds well smaller and a little less sustain a bit colder than the 18&#34;, bought 4 Wuhans, the 16&#34;,18&#34; 21&#34;(ride) and a 12&#34; splash. Will review each one as they come in from Amazon. Why the 4 stars?....well its not a higher end or classic zylgian but damn close, if your on a budget like I am, go for Wuhans. I have been a producer and multi instrumentalist for years, this is a really good product and excellent 16&#34; crash. Wuhan really impresses me. There are some great video's of Wuhans on You Tube, you should really check those out before buying Wuhans, or any cymbal for that matter. I am very pleased with this 16&#34; crash! overallrating 4   lineend
name Tony review Nice cymbal, better price . I'm no Metallurgist but this cymbal seems to compare with the more expensive ones without the high price tag . overallrating 5   lineend
name Bobby L. Tefft review My problem is that I am used to playing Hohner Golden Melody and Special 20 harps.  I guess I should have paid attention to the other 1 and 2 star ratings.  These harps have no volume.  Don't waste your money on them.  I guess the only thing worth having is the case, but the case has no handles or carry strap.5/25/14 - I said the case had no handle, well I take that back.  There is a little strap inside that prevents the case from opening flat.  I was able to fold that little strap outwards and then zip the two zippers up to it.  With one finger I can carry the case with my quality harps inside. overallrating 1   lineend
name Charles Wathen review Exceeded my expectations on quality and price.  When I saw the deal on Amazon, I thought it would be low quality harmonicas, but they are good quality. overallrating 5   lineend
name G.R.K. review I'm a total beginner so I don't really know if my review will be useful.  I have nothing to compare these too except my Lee Oskar.  They sound good to me...that's what's most important right?  These do have a kind of nasty &#34;new car smell&#34; to them, but I'm leaving the box open to see if airing them out helps.  It's not a big deal, but it's the only negative I can find with them.  Rock on bro! overallrating 5   lineend
name Guitarist, Bassist, Gamer review I purchase a set of these, and first off, the case itself is worth 10 dollars. It is a quality heavy cloth case with a felt/velvet lining. The harmonicas are almost unbearable to play as soon as they arrive as they reek like plastic and oil, but after leaving the case open 2 days, they barely smell, and they are still airing out. I love how light they are due to the plastic cases, even if they aren't super loud. They are a great buy for the money, as I simply wanted a cheap set to mess around with and try out different keys. The notes are slightly difficult to bend, but the reeds are still loosening up. All the notes play but a few of the higher ones needed a little encouragement with overblowing and lightly breaking them in a little, but the harps all sound great after 5 mins of break in. I am quite happy with the product, and they honestly could be much worse for the price. The blues and set is only 10 dollars more with metal casings and probably better components, but these were good too. I would recommend to anyone who has a decent harmonica in C but wants to experiment with other keys... Good buy overallrating 5   lineend
name I.M. review  All these harmonicas in one case and they sound great. You have to get use to the plastic but it is very easy to do and once you do get ready to play away. Nice tone and fun. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeremy D. review The C has the same numbered base plate top and bottom, so the numbers are totally opposite on each side. I see what people mean about the taste, but that's hardly a problem as I knew what I was purchasing. Overall, reasonably satisfied, will give them a good try later. overallrating 3   lineend
name Ken Yo review Disappointing; was looking for to receiving these.But; mostly they are unplayable. Leak air badly. Easier learning bagpipes than these things.Save your money and get some harps that actually work.Decent case though. overallrating 1   lineend
name Mike review  Hohner Marine Band, Hohner Special 20 and Lee Oskar Major Diatonic harps fit well in this case. Hohner's Big River Harp does NOT fit properly in the case - it is longer than the others, and doesn't snug in.  I'll either return the case or order two Lee Oskars to replace my two Big River models. Or, I can just deal with the fact that they don't fit quite properly, but probably \"good enough\". Decisions, decisions.Haven't played the toy harps yet, first things first. I bought the case for the case, not for the included harps. overallrating 4   lineend
name Minh Pham review I don't play these myself, I bought them for my daughter. They look kinda flimsy but for the price, they are ok for beginners to play. overallrating 3   lineend
name muttonchops review  Im a beginner. Good harps. Good solid sound.I cant bend at all so no idea if its just me.Youtube these, there's loads of videos. overallrating 5   lineend
name Smurfie review I have other harmonica's but thought I'd like a set of blues harps.  I thought that if it's made by Hohner, it must be fairly good.  Wow, was I wrong.  Too hard to push notes through them.  I wouldn't recommend these to anyone. overallrating 2   lineend
name Adam G review I tried these on my 2008 Talyor GA4e and the sound was just a bit to bright.  The heavier bass strings didn't really add the bassy sound I was hoping for just more of a thud.  YMMV. overallrating 3   lineend
name ChevisN7 review Clean and clear sound. Great for strumming and using a pick but a little soft for finger picking. I prefer a string with a little more volume.  They tune well and hold a tune well. overallrating 4   lineend
name Craig Richard Gillette review I usually use review   3 months from now and let you know about their longevity, etc. overallrating 4   lineend
name Daniel G. Lebryk review Tried these on a Laguna acoustic guitar. They are basic standard traditional strings. They sound good, they are light weight. On this guitar they sound a bit too bright. My preference is to use Elixirs, prefer the feel and sound on this guitar (Elixir PolyWeb Acoustic Guitar Strings (Light)).These strings do not last less time than the Elixirs. Mostly fresh strings sound good on a guitar. Some people like a brand new set before every gig, others will go weeks or months before changing. If you are an every gig person, well the Martin set is probably perfect for you - they are much less expensive than others. Leaving strings in for an extended period - Elixirs or other coated strings are probably a better idea.There is no such thing as a perfect guitar string for every guitar. The choice is all about your personal preference and the guitar you play. I think the Martins are a very good value in a standard traditional style. So for the price, these are an excellent value. overallrating 4   lineend
name D. L. Sniderman review  Crikey, where to begin. Firstly, I hated the fact that they package two strings to a paper packet. Secondly, they mismarked one of the packets, so it appeared I had two &#34;D&#34; strings, instead of two &#34;E&#34; strings. Lastly, and certainly the least favorably, once tuned up, the strings sounded terrible! They were tinny and clangy sounding. I've never heard worse strings. Fortunately, I had bought a package of Ernie Ball Earthwood med. light, as well. I replaced the godawful Martins with the Ernie Ball's and they were far, far better! Shame on Martin for such a piss poor product. I'll never buy their strings again. overallrating 1   lineend
name Kim K. review I would definitely buy these strings again.  They are high quality, great durablity and a great price.  The Martin name is synonymous with quality. overallrating 4   lineend
name Luckystar review I like these even better than the Martin Custom Lights. They give off such a warm tone, and are holding up very well. overallrating 5   lineend
name PJY review  s, I moved to these Light/Medium strings from the light gauge. They do sound much better and have a better tone than the light gauge. However, I noticed one thing that has driven me crazy. Finger slides are much harder with these strings. The lower strings (E, A G) just don't slide as easily until there is some buildup in them. As a result my fingers get out of position and don't hit clear notes until I've slid those areas a couple of times. That's probably due to the oil and other nasties build up in the strings or me just getting used to them. The packaging was also a bit confusing. Since there are two strings to an envelope, it seems I too easily get the strings reversed on set up. Other string makers I have tried, color coded their strings and it made it much easier to string up. Overall good strings and I'll probably buy them again. overallrating 4   lineend
name Wayne review By definition, medium is an in between size. But when it comes to guitar strings, most of the range goes from extra light to medium. On that scale, these strings would be above a literal medium. For me, the guitar is not an everyday instrument. I don't typically spend five hours a day with one, and sometimes go weeks without picking one up. But I do have periods where I will spend many hours a day playing and don't want something that will kill me.Medium in the guitar string sense of the word is too much for me. Light and custom light are easier to play, but can make a higher end Martin guitar sound like one closer to the bottom of the line. For me, these light-medium are exactly where I want my strings to be.If you like Martin's medium, find them a bit much at times, but find that you give up too much when you play much lighter ones, you may find that these are a great choice. I don't feel I am missing anything compared to the Medium. If I had two identical guitars with new strings of each type, I would probably find differences in a side by side comparison. But without that, I don't think I'd notice the difference with normal listening. With the lighter varieties, that would be far from true.If Martin extra light and light were the skim milk and 1% milk of strings, these light-medium would be the 2% that came along for people who wanted something lighter but still came close to the whole milk taste. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wes Caldwell review  love these strings, but I have always been and still am a fan of Ernie Ball, they just sound better, bend easier and have a longer life span, but Martin are very good too, I just prefer Ernie Ball, but they were sold out and I needed strings fast. overallrating 5   lineend
name al review these are the best strings around.  last a long time especially if you live near the beach where corrosion is always a concern. overallrating 5   lineend
name ben review I keep an acoustic out on a stand in my office to keep handy for when inspiration strikes.  I used d'addarios for many years. I switched to these and their longevity is drastically more noticeable.  they sound great too. The added expense is more than made up for by the extra long life afforded by the coating. overallrating 5   lineend
name CaptAdams35 review They're 2 days on and sound fantastic already. I've come to expect nothing but excellence from Elixirs, they're the best I've played on to date, whether electric or acoustic. I very highly recommend these to anyone looking to get great tone straight out of the box overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris review Personally, I love the nanoweb strings.  I have 4 guitars, and they each get played once every couple weeks.  As I'm no pro, I don't want to put strings on them that I'm going to have to change every time, just to mess around at my apt.I don't mind that they are extra slippery, or that they sound a tad bit \"different\" than other strings.  They're exactly what I want - A string that makes my guitar sound good for 4 months without changing strings. overallrating 4   lineend
name Daniel G. Lebryk review These acoustic strings are used on a Laguna acoustic guitar. They are just the right weight, and just the right amount of flex. We've tried D'Addario, brighter sound (D'Addario Acoustic Guitar Strings Set, EXP 80/20 Lite), and Martin, a little stiff (Martin Strings SP Phosphor Bronze 12.5-55 MSP4150). In the end, these Elixirs sound and feel best on this guitar.The difference between these strings - nanoweb and polyweb - the nano's have a very light coating that you almost don't feel. So if you like standard not coated strings, the nano's are probably the way to go. If you want a bit of softness, the polys are a better bet.As has been said, there is no perfect guitar string for everyone. The perfect guitar string is the one that feels and sounds right to you on your guitar. For the combination we have, these are outstanding strings.On the strings lasting longer, that's hard to say. Fresh strings do sound better. It's clear that the wound strings do not corrode like non-coated strings. But I'm not certain these last so much longer. We buy them because they sound good and have the right amount of flex to them - playability. Corrosion or crud on the string isn't the sole factor in changing strings.Elixir is a wonderful company. On my third or fourth sets of Elixir strings, the G string snapped as my son was tuning the guitar for the first time. Elixir is outstanding, they will replace any string that doesn't perform up to your standard.The other amazing thing - I've watched tons of videos and watched a lot of guys change strings, and I'm still very confused. The Elixir website (it's pretty simple elixirstring dot com) is outstanding. Ther is a two part video from the Taylor factory on how to change strings. I swear that if you follow those instructions, you will change strings in minutes. It is so simple and so reproducible. I love this technique. overallrating 5   lineend
name Douglas W. Fielder review Elixir Strings are the best I have ever used, they sound great and last far longer (tonally) than anything else I have tried..... overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe Average review  I only play Elixir strings.  They are relatively finger friendly, hold their tune well and are much longer lasting than many strings I have played in the past.  These were for an electric acoustic I just bought, which is why I got a lighter string than I normally play.  I will move to mediums once I get the feel of the guitar.  Of course, they will be Elixirs as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name JPfromOH review Elixir's Nanoweb Light Phosphor Bronze strings are the best strings I've ever used on my Alvarez acoustic -- a guitar I've now owned for over 30 years.  They certainly are the longest lasting strings that seem to be out there, they have a nice punchy tone, and are easy on the fingers.  Unlike the Elixir Extra Lights that I found to be lacking in bass and just a tad on the mushy side on a short-scale guitar, these seem like an ideal combination.  I may buy another set soon and restring the short-scale instrument with lights.  Compared with some brands and gauges of more \"old school\" strings, there may be a little less bass response, but these sound good, pretty even through the set, and the convenience of not having to change strings so often outweighs whatever minor issues that one might have with the ping of the low E string. overallrating 5   lineend
name Levis Ouellet review You cannnot go wrong with Elixir accoustic guitar strings.  Taste in strings is difficult to discuss as what appeals to one may not appeal to another.  However, you cannot go wrong with those strings.  I highly recommend them.  I like their mellow sound which will last longer than other strings I have tried. overallrating 4   lineend
name lfeez review This is the only brand I would ever buy the sound is superior and easy to play. These are well worth the money! overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Griffith review I love the Elixir strings. They sound great and play easy. I would recommend them to anyone. Give them a try.. overallrating 5   lineend
name Nathan B. review I am a beginner guitar player, so I don't have too much experience with different types of strings.  But, I can say that when compared to the stock strings of my Fender Acoustic guitar, these things are like night and day.  A much brighter sounds and a little easier on the fingers. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ricky Shows review You can never go wrong with Elixir Strings Acoustic Phosphor Bronze Strings NANOWEB Coating, 6-String,...The great long lasting sound is worth the extra cost. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robin Lopate review These strings are just okay - they last about 4 months and then they start to fray a little bit. overallrating 3   lineend
name Rojimbo review they seemed a litte expensive but once you play them you know they will last you a VERY long time and their sound is great, these strings are not focused on performance but endurance, best string I've ever played! overallrating 5   lineend
name Sabrehagn review I absolutely love these strings. They enhance the deep rich sound on my dreadnought. They last a long time and they keep their great sound for a long time. If there was a way to give 10 stars I would. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sakira Del Rosario review  Polyweb strings have a heavier coating so I prefer nanoweb for the ultra-thin coat and brighter sound. They're easy on my fingers and make the most beautiful sound. Because they're coated and have anti-rust, they last up to months longer than regular strings and don't make much finger sounds. Favorite strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name The Kid review I only use elixirs on my taylor now 1, because they last months on end while maintaining that new string zing, and 2 because they are super smooth. It's like playing a silk guitar. Get these strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name TonyTee review These strings are noticeably warmer compared to the brighter Bronze Nanoweb. Still a great guitar string. A real winner for Elixir who are the originators of &#34;Goretex&#34; A real triumph of re-invention. Well done Goretex! overallrating 5   lineend
name Van Zeppelin review  If your like me and have a big dreadnaught, especially one with a spruce top and a scalped X bracing, you should really get these strings. They bring out the brightness my guitar was hiding with the D'Daddarios and they are about the same price. Best of all they last extremely long, but I've broken a few strings over the past months. Overall great strings and pretty consistent. overallrating 5   lineend
name Widmarke K. Loo review Very good string!! I've been using Elixir strings for about ten years now. I've been a full time musician for about 14 years now and for what I do these sound the best and last for 3 or more month's. Within these ten years I've only had 2 strings break on me, and I sometimes work 6 days a week for many for at a time overallrating 5   lineend
name zak review I have never been much of a fan for coated strings. I normally use DAddario EJ 16's but I do like these Elixirs, after about 4 weeks of playing they are starting to fade, not stay in tune and I notice fuzz on the wound strings at the sound hole. They do feel nice to the touch and a nice tone but pretty expensive for four week turnaround overallrating 4   lineend
name Cefer review I am very disappointed. The guitar was packed with its strings tensioned and the top detachment partially from the guitar body.It is unusable until repaired.Update: It has been several days after writing and attach photographs to the seller (Amazon), and have not received any communication. overallrating 1   lineend
name Cliff review Dont be cheap.  take it to a guitar shop and ask for a full tuning for new guitars.  The low e buzzed pretty bad until i did that.  If you are doing more than just finger-picking, you might want to add pick-shield.  My wife used it for some naked newborn pics and the guitar got most of the compliments which I had very mixed feelings about.  If you play mostly standing, this is the guitar for you.  If you sit down, it slides out from your lap alot due to the curve of the back.  But it is loud and sounds very rich considering the price of the guitar.  Good structural integrity thus far.  My newborn is now 15 months and its is holding up nicely considering how many times she has gotten a hold of it.  I really should get a case. overallrating 4   lineend
name jespi59jr review A friend of my has one and I just found in love with it. Great sound! Beautiful color! The Applause exceeds my expectation whether it is unplugged or amplified. overallrating 5   lineend
name JETPILOT review No Doubt.... It's not a really exceptional guitar but for the money you get more than you should. First impression of the guitar was terrible. I took it out of the box and started to play. The neck had a huge bow in it. The truss rod was completely loose. I had to adjust the truss rod to make the guitar playable. I'm not sure if it was just my guitar that wasn't set up or if that's the way they come. If they come with a loose truss rod then this guitar is not for a beginning player as properly adjusting the neck is best left to someone who knows what they are going. Once the neck was setup and the guitar tuned I was pleasantly surprised. The guitar sounded pretty good. The neck is thin and has the familiar feel of an electric. Action was good. Upper fret access is really good. The guitar stays in tune while playing. Plugged into an amp playing through the pickup offered no surprises. The bright red red stained finish on the top was a nice touch. I expected red paint. I would have preferred bigger frets for bending and ease of fretting. They are a little small. $175 for a roundback is really a no brainer. If your a beginner or have some playing experience you will enjoy this guitar and the value it offers. overallrating 5   lineend
name Nathan A. Edwards review This instrument might actually be in a class of its own. That is, it would be extremely difficult to find a guitar in this price band that comes even remotely close in terms of quality; not only with regard to craftsmanship, but certainly the sound it produces. The Applause exceeds expectation whether it is unplugged, amplified, or even run directly through a mixer. Beyond sounding comparatively spectacular, it is far more durable than perhaps any other hollow-bodied instrument on the market due to its components and design. The electronics are reliable and the instrument is accessible, or playable, to even the most novice of musicians. This guitar is the ideal instrument for a beginner or a younger musician, simply because it is cost efficient, durable, and as easy to play for the price as one might be able to find anywhere. Even experienced guitarists will almost certainly appreciate its action, sound and durability if not only for the purposes of practice and travel. This is an exceptional value and an excellent instrument. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joehorse review These strings fit the Bill perfectly for \"MY\" desired sound from a Yamaha LJ-16 Acoustic Guitar which has been \"Doctored\" with Bone Saddle, Pins and nut. When I decided to put the money into the guitar, it was my belief that the Elixir Strings would continue to provide the sound and feel that I like so much in the LJ-16 and after all the work was completed......that proved to be true to form. I did move to the Medium for a little improvement from the Bass side and it's a most outstanding sound from a medium price, hand crafted guitar. Elixir has the best (most comfortable) feel, to me, of all the strings that I've tested and these provide the best (for my liking) sound on this guitar. Try them if it's quality sound that you're looking for..............These are great!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Nathan B. review WAY better than stock strings that I received with my Fender acoustic.  I am a beginner guitar player, but I was definitely able to hear a much brighter tone and it felt a little better on the fingers. overallrating 5   lineend
name Peter review  These strings are my second choice after the Elixir 80/20 Bronze. They are warmer sounding, well balanced. Cost a lot but well worth it to me. overallrating 5   lineend
name puddytat review Guess this was an open box or dented box but the stuff inside seemed ok.  Will need to check them next week or so. overallrating 3   lineend
name tada review Strings on my accoustic were old, probably corroded.  It was time to replace all with frest strings.  These are great, did the job. overallrating 5   lineend
name TerranautX review  s where some people complain of sting breakage. I have yet to ever break an Elixir acoustic guitar string (in over 10 years of playing them). Can't even imagine. The only other coated string that may be a little better is Clear Tone--but I have had inconsistencies with them and because they cost more, I just go with Elixir and am never disappointed. I'm not a fan of the \"Polyweb\" which has a much more visible thick coating. The nano-webs get it right--they last a long time, sound great, and as far as I know don't flake polymer dust in your kisser. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Mayse review In my house alone we have a bass player, a acoustic guitar player, a sax player and a violinist, that is not counting myself (I attempt to play mandolin and harmonica, usually I fail) so diverse instruments used to require different tuners but with this little all in one the clutter of tuners and pitchpipes is history, I just set aside a music nook in the family room with this mounted to a music stand and everyone can tune before practice, the sax player sneers at us tuners but still finds use for the reference notes and metronome function built into this little beauty.just be sure to buy theKorg CM-100L Clip On Contact Microphone For Tunersif you want to tune your instrument while others are playing. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I have had a Korg CA-30 tuner for a few years which I really like.I wanted to get a metronome and liked the idea of having a combined unit.Initially I bought a Boss TU-80 for more money, but returned it because the response time and volume was not as good as the Korg TM-40,and the batteries rattled around in their compartment.Also I like having the middle green LED for tuning.The price here can't be beat and it's a well built item that works great.I was concerned about the power buttons sticking out too much, but they take more pressure that it would seem, and there is a delay until it turns on or off, so that turned out not to be an issue.I am not real hot for the color, but it's nicely made and works well, so I will live with it.I especially like the little folding stand in the back, rather than having to find an old credit card. overallrating 5   lineend
name Beach Panda review I have it for more than 6 months and mostly use it for practicing with the metronome.  I have another tuner, which is set EADGBE, that is much easy to tune without any confusion. Although this tuner has flexibility for tuning differently, it's confusing for me because it keeps changing the chord and going left & right +/-20 or more.  However, it's a bonus for using the tuner, and I don't have to bring all to the classes.  For the metronome, which is my initial purpose to purchase it, it's great and have enough adjustable calibration, 13 beats, rhythms, and tempos for practices. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bob review  I've owned this and a couple of other Korge Tuners in the past, and currently own three.In the past I would use a keyboard to get the bottom E on my guitar and take it from there. These days accurate portable tuners are so inexpensive I keep a few of these around and take at least one with me when I go out with my guitars. I also use it to tune my violin, and it works great.If you buy the new clip on sensor it even gets better.Over all for the cost you can't go wrong. These used to be expensive none-essentials, but today they're small accurate and portable. overallrating 5   lineend
name crazy_flutist review Got this tuner/metronome as a replacement for a tuner-only model.  This is INCREDIBLY easy to use right out of the package.  The tuner function indicates clearly whether you are sharp or flat (or amazingly in tune).  The metronome is easy to use and has great subdivisions (eighth notes, sixteenths,etc).  For home and ensemble use, I personally couldn't ask for a better gadget for the price.  Very happy with it! overallrating 5   lineend
name David Basham review This little box is great for metronome use. It is loud and the screen is easy to see. The tuner function can be a little disconcerting sometimes. It seems to work ok but the display might fluctuate from G to C when tuning to G on a Bass guitar. I used it to set my intonation on a new Bass and it was well worth the price I paid. I would buy another one if I lost this one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Javier Fernandez review I really like this product as it comes complete with all functions anyone needs. I just miss the \"mecanical\" click of a mechanic metronome. The rest is just great. i've bought a cable which allows me to connect the metronome to my line6 amp and the result is much much better. overallrating 3   lineend
name John C. review  I am quite pleased with this product. It's relatively inexpensive, small and light weight.  It operates on two AA batteries (included). I use it primarily for a banjo and a guitar and the reference is easy to use and appears to be quite accurate.  The LED and large meter allows these old eyes to see it easily. I should have ordered the CM-100 clip-on tuner at the same time (placed a separate order later) to allow to tune in a noisy music (jam or band) environment. You can fine tune your tuning with the calibration settings. There is also a 12 note sound generator built in for reference pitches. The metronome is pretty loud for the small size. I have a hearing loss, so if I can hear it, even while playing, it must be pretty good.  The speeds are from 40-208 BPM. You can select between two modes PENDULUM STEP (Preset values, 40,42,44---88,92,96, etc) or FULL STEP which allows you to change incrementally by one (40, 41, 42---206, 207, 208, etc). Beat tap allows you change the time signature from 0-7 beats and also duplets, triplets, quadruplets and triplets and quadruplets without center beats. It has a 1/8\" mini earphone jack for private use. It is possible to use the metronome and the tuner simultaneously. I bought mine from Austin Bazaar.  Shipping was FREE and FAST. I give it five stars and recommend that you can give it serious consideration. overallrating 5   lineend
name John D review This device functions wonderful but the beeping of the metronome could be a little louder and of a more pleasant tone (sounds like a 1980's video game beep) but I am just being picky. I bought this for my son and he loves it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mark J review As an acoustic guitar player, I think this is a great product.I had previously been using the Korg GA-1, which is a fine basic tuner. The GA-1 works like many basic guitar tuners, where you designate the string and it shows you the note in standard tuning (or with one, two, or three flats). But the TM-40 works by just showing the pitch you're currently playing among any of the 12 reference pitches - making alternate tunings and open tunings much simpler.Now I use the TM-40 at home as my main tuner, and the GA-1 rides around in my case. Both great products. overallrating 5   lineend
name MildCritter review  Pros: It's a good tuner, it's a good metronome, and it's a great combination package. The flip-out stand on the back makes it easier to see than when it's lying flat. The metronome has excellent selections of different rhythms and is easy to program.Cons: the buttons on the front are raised on top of other raised areas, and it's too easy to accidentally turn the unit on. The tuning sound activated once in my pocket while I was sitting in the audience at a band contest. Also, unlike the CA-30 tuner, this one favors higher notes strongly over bass and makes it difficult to tune low instruments in a noisy environment.Also, it quit working suddenly after about a year. Other people I know who've had this tuner have complained about lack of durability. overallrating 3   lineend
name Qian review Works well since I got it. I didn't change battery for more than 6 months. overallrating 5   lineend
name SnoopGrampyGramps review The tuner is perfect for me.  It fits in the guitar case, mandolin case and the dulcimer case.  Just perfect for making those play dates at the Resonance Fair.  Always spot on with the frequency.  Nice product. overallrating 5   lineend
name ReplacerReviewer review  This metronome is a bit of the big size but there is really nothing like it.. It is so durable filled with options. Very versatile product for the seriousdedicated musician. overallrating 5   lineend
name Willie V. Hughes review Tuner works as it should-- almost a little too precisely (it's pretty sensitive).The metronome will drive you crazy.  It has various beats which is a nice touch, but the sounds are horrible.  Think of the most sterile electronic clicks/beeps you can and then add nails-on-chalkboard for good measure.  There are much better sounding metronomes out there.  I bought this Korg for the tuner function and that's about all I'll use it for. overallrating 3   lineend
name C. Sharpguy review Works well - easily keeps my guitars humidified with less maintenance than other humidifiers I've had. overallrating 4   lineend
name D. Dreifus review Dampit was recommended to me by a guitar instructor years ago, and I have used the standard model for some time. It seemed kind of tricky to get it to hold enough water to humidify the guitar yet still get it dry enough to have absolutely zero drips inside the instrument.I used to hang it by the clip and let it drip dry for about 15 minutes while I was doing other things before placing it in the guitar.Later I wound up trying the Humidipak humidifiers and to help recharge them on a Dreadnought, I took to putting the Dampit in a gallon plastic bag with distilled water and a resealable top, pressing on the sides to saturate it, then rolling it up in a Planet Waves Microfiber polishing cloth and pressing on the end of the cloth to soak it. Then unroll the cloth, put the dampit in under the headstock where a drop of water would just go into the hard shell case, then rolling up the end of the polishing cloth to cover the wet end with dry material and pushing it into the sound hole over the humidipaks. Worked great.So I ordered a super dampit for my new 000 acoustic planning to do the same. They now ship without the clips. Company says they've had too many complaints about scratches, though I didn't seem to have a problem, wasn't about to take a chance with a costly new acquisition. More importantly, there is supposed to be a sponge to absorb water inside the tube and when I pressed on the sides of the tube, it was empty. So I sent it back to Amazon for a refund. No problem getting the refund, but I'm moving on from dampit to try the planet waves insert with a sponge that has eliminated the chance of water dripping in the guitar or damaging the finish.If you use it to soak the polishing cloth as described above, that still works great, but there's really not enough room for that in the OM model, so between that and the missing sponge, will just try something else. overallrating 2   lineend
name Jeffrey review If you want to get humidity into a guitar, this product is a must. I works well -- and if one lives in dry area of the country, this is a must have product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Josiah H. review Erm, it does what it say it would do. The nice thing about the &#34;super&#34;, is its size, in turn, and its ability to hold more water. overallrating 5   lineend
name JPfromOH review Dampit humidifiers have been around for years and years.  I think that I can safely say that the basic design looks to be amazingly similar to what I remember when I saw these for the first time in my university days of the late 1970s.  Generally, Dampits can be used over and over for years.  Sometimes the rubber becomes discolored, sometimes the rubber rips near the end of the Dampit, but basically this is a very workable way to maintain at least a minimum amount of humidity in and around your instrument, something that is especially important during the winter months when artificial heat zaps the humidity out of the air.  This is the first instrument-specific Dampit product that I've ever purchased and it seems to work exceptionally well.  In addition to the standard Dampit, there's a sound-hole cover.  In case it is not clear just how it works, the clear sound-hole cover has a short string with a loop on the end.  You simply attach the Dampit to the loop and it hangs inside the guitar.  My first impression is that it does an excellent job of keeping some needed humidity in the body of the instrument, something very important on a solid-top classical guitar.  I would recommend this over the standard Dampit because the sound-hole cover is so convenient (hopefully it will continue to keep me from having to fish around inside the guitar for a runaway Dampit) and seems to keep the humidity focused in an area that is especially in need of it.  A must have if you keep your acoustic guitar in an environment that gets much below 40-50% humidity. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kevin review  What else is there to say, they are easy to use, they are easy to install and they are easy to check.  I've tried them all and these are the only ones I come back to.  No expensive pads to buy, just use water.  Simple to drop down into the body of guitar, no attempt to fit some rubber block thingy into your sound hole.  Comes out as easy as it goes in.  I have 4 of them.  Love. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kyle review I live in Arizona and I keep my acoustic in the case with this dampit unless I'm playing it.  It seems to do a good job, although I would recommend purchasing a better meter.  The one it comes with is a simple paper design that gives you a decent estimate. overallrating 4   lineend
name Teagan Mago review It works well.  This is a classic design that people have used for years and I can see why.  It it isn't broke, don't fix it.The only suggestion I would make is to have a different soundhole cover.  Maybe a sturdy plastic? The soundhole cover that is included is a very cheap, disposable plastic that looks like it was shipped with a cheap trinket.  I think the price is a little high for what it is. Rubber and foam tube?  Why do they charge so much?  I'd like to know the markup. overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review Recently I switched from a Blackstar HT-5 to a Fender Mustang III V2 amp. Although the Fender is a great sounding amp, you don't get this natural warmth that you get with tubes there's this liveliness that's missing. So, although my cleans sound good, they aren't great. Although my overdrive sounds good... it's not great. Although my distortion... well you get the picture.Since adding this pedal was less expensive than buying a new amp I decided to give it a try. This pedal adds the same kind of sparkle to your sound that you would get from using a clean boost on a tube amp. I believe some people call it &#34;pixie dust&#34; ... that little bit of magic that makes your sound come alive.Interestingly enough, I don't leave this pedal on all the time. But when I stack pedals, or use certain effects like chorus, a shimmer reverb, or any effect with the exception of maybe a leslie... it's pretty awesome.It works different than an EQ... and if you have a tube amp - a clean boost may do the same thing... I think it really adds life to solid state amps. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charlo review It's hard to really describe what this pedal does-  It doesn't distort, flange, echo, or produce a chorus.  I'd heard it described as making your amp sound like someone had thrown a blanket off of it.  And because words don't do an accurate job in describing it, I would have probably never pulled the trigger on one (even though they are pretty cheap as pedals go).  As luck would have it, I acquired one on trade, and I have to admit that I agree with the whole blanket euphemism.  This stompbox helps correct the boxy sound of my Blues Jr. when placed at the end of my pedaltrain- right before I run into the amp. I don't feel it needs to be run on a dedicated effects loop to improve an amp's tone, though I do believe it works even better in a loop.  I placed it in the effects loop of both a Palomino V8 (USA/Ampeg made) and a Crate VC508 (a 5 watt USA made EL84 tube amp with Celestian speaker) and it was transformative to both amps' tone (in a great way). It does very well with single coils.  It's a pedal that I would leave on all the time once my tone is dialed in.  I don't think it works as well when I run my LP into a Jet City combo - particularly when trying to coax out subtle textures / harmonics. That amp also lacks an effects loop and I imagine it would have a different effect if placed after the preamp phase.  I guess it's rig dependent, but it's a keeper for what it does to the sound of my Fender. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mark Showalter review  This is a great pedal to put at the end of your FX chain. I have it as the last on my pedalboard before my GNX4. It's always on & it only took me about a week to settle on how I liked it adjusted. There are only two knobs & I just played around with them untill I was happy with the sound. I do a lot of recording & I also checked the sound after recording. Can't reccomend it enough especially considering the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Peter review  I like it. This is a good pedal for end of line tone adjustments. Like all other pedals, it's not \"The Pedal\" (seems like you always need another one). But it does add to the other pedals in shaping your tone. After you've settle on a setting you like, it adds a subtle, but noticeable addition to your sound. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rexomus review  This pedal essentialy balances out the high, mid, and low frequencies yout instrument produces. I also have the software version of this effect on my DAW. This pedal does a great job of giving your instrument a more balanced and full tone. When I switch it on it allmost sounds like someone took a blanket off my amplifier. I highly recomend this pedal for and and all musicians. overallrating 5   lineend
name RobE review For those of you who are doing jangly pop stuff or real peaky, bitey blues material (think Albert Collins), this will likely add a little, and I mean A LITTLE, extra oomph to your sound. It sounds like it uses a touch of reverb and a dash of the higher end of the mids to make cleans sound more sparkling. But you should also be able to get the same sounds out of a Hughes and Kettner Statesman 40 or 60 watt amp, too, just running it straight.To me, from what I have heard, it adds nothing to those who use a fair amount of distortion in their music. It definitely doesn't add any more fatness. So my overall impression is that what this box provides is the same thing that some people swear they get out of copper bracelets for their arthritis or feeling better with an increased Vitamin E regimen. In other words, this is a matter of what is in your head and how suggestable you are.Most musicians already use EQ and reverb and by careful tweaking of those two things you can obtain what you think you're getting out of this pedal, I think. overallrating 3   lineend
name Slashaholic Anonymous review I'm not going to do any explaining about the review   on how the pedal affects your tone. This definitely isn't a boost, and it's also not an eq, the BBE sonic stomp is a uniquely functioning pedal. To the ear, it serves to add clarity, depth, and body to your tone. Essentially, this pedal allows you to get the most out of the tones your amp is already producing.The lo contour knob doesn't \"increase\" the amount of bass produced by the amp. Rather, it tightens up and generally increases the depth of the bass (and low mid) tone. To the ear this may sound at first like the bass has been increased, but it hasn't. You're just hearing all the bass tone that was there in the first place, that was jumbled up as the signal went from your guitar to the amp.The process knob really just focuses on the treble and high mid frequencies. These frequencies can often be very unpleasant and grating to hear, and the sonic stomp sort of evens and smooths out those tones so they are clearer and less harsh.That's not to say that you can't dial in some very aggressive and cutting highs if you play lead metal or something; indeed, it'll make those searing lead tones even better.Now, I gave this product 4 stars not because I've had any issues with it or haven't been in any way unsatisfied with it; but rather because it's really a fairly subtle effect. At first I almost couldn't tell a difference between having it on and off. With time I've been able to better recognize and appreciate the impact that it has on my tone, but it doesn't make a \"night and day\" difference.I recommend this pedal to someone who already has a tone that you're happy with, and just want to make it even better. This pedal won't make a cheap 15 watt solid- state combo sound like a tube half-stack. It won't make you love your tone when you were completely unsatisfied with it before.In conclusion, though I definitely wouldn't put this pedal into the \"must have\" category, it definitely improves the quality of my tone. This is a pedal that I leave on all the time, as it improves both clean and distorted tones. overallrating 4   lineend
name StevenEddy review  This pedal adds that \"I don't know what\" to your sound.I chased a sound for years until buying this pedal - what a difference.If you have great, top quality cable, quiet amps and pedal boards, shielded guitars, fresh tubes - you know the drill - you spend thousands chasing something you hear in your head - then you plug one pedal in and WHAMO!! - there it is!It was THIS pedal for me - just turn the knobs until \"it\" comes out of your speakers.A must have - especially if you are playing clubs, bars or arenas - you have a pedal board - and you are looking for that sound that is gonna finally push your sound out front - give your notes clarity during leads - make overdriven chords ring.I like this pedal - it's on my board - and it's never coming off. overallrating 5   lineend
name wishbone73 review Back in the 90's I used to have an Ampeg guitar head with an effects loop. I discovered the rack version of the BBE in a music store and was amazed by what it did for the money. The amp I have now is a totally bad ass Fryette Deliverance 120, but sadly it has no effects loop. So I thought I was out of luck as far as a BBE goes, because as far as I knew they were only available in rack mount units that could not be placed anywhere but in the effects loop. Then I was looking for pedals on Amazon and, lo and behold, there was a BBE Sonic Maximizer pedal! I snatched it up with a quickness and I am very pleased that it sounds just as good as the rack version. One caveat- if your signal is noisy the BBE can actually increase your signal noise. For this reason I highly recommend using top quality patch and instrument cables and doing all you can to clean up any noisy aspects of your sound before you use it. This pedal is very subtle, but to an audiophile like me it is absolutely essential. It also works great for ANY instrument or sound system. It's also great for vocals as well. But you may want the rack version for those applications. I would also buy the rack version if I had an effects loop to run it through. IMO, the pedal is really only for those folks who have no effects loop but still like what the BBE does. I'd go with the rack just for ease of use and keeping it in the proper place in the signal chain. Plus you can get a stereo rack version and have two BBE's for not much more money that you can use for another application. overallrating 5   lineend
name drummerboy review I have always loved Hercules products. Their mic stands and guitar stands. They are great quality and very handy, especially this one, for performances where 3 guitars are used. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. L. Simms review Sturdily holds three guitars. Fits everything from my bass, to the acoustic or electrics, to the mandolin/ukulele, to the harmonicas in the case.Folds up for transport. Pretty adjustable too.I bought this after buying two of the single guitar stands from Hercules. I also have the trombone and sax/clarinet stand from them. All A+ at reasonable prices. overallrating 5   lineend
name LOUIS SAAD III review Apparently one can never have too many guitars, and with this stand you can keep three of them ready for immediate access.  Very stable.  The auto-locking heads rock!  Folds-up pretty compact for travel.  The optional carry bag is a must IMHO. overallrating 5   lineend
name puddytat review A real workhorse for sure.  Not too heavy but still very robust and reliable when you are holding up expensive guitars.  I also have the 6 guitar one which is incredibly big ... almost too big but still easy to use once you get the hang of it. overallrating 5   lineend
name T review I've had this stand for about 5 years and have used it on stage for the last 3 years pretty steady.  The first thing that broke was the piece that keeps that upper shaft from pulling all the way out of the base when you extend it - the disclaimer here is that it was very cold and I immediately extended it to the maximum point always letting it hit the collar to stop it. It's plastic; Plastic and cold don't mix - The retainer piece broke and went flying and I was standing there with my guitar stand in two pieces right before a gig.  I managed to get it back together but now I have to be very careful when extending the neck. The other part that I've been having problems with is the upper collar that mounts to the top of the stand and holds the guitar necks.  It has come up completely off and I must continually tighten that hex screw to prevent the top from falling off.  I won't mark this stand less then 4 stars even with those issues because it really is a great stand.  Another person noted to pay attention to your guitar dimensions, which is very good advice.  Long bass guitars end up resting on the bottom leg of the tripod. overallrating 4   lineend
name Thomas Saliceti review This is my 2nd Hercules Stand. Great stand for managing multiple guitars. Does not fair well when stored in non cooled area. The handle gets real sticky and causes problems. I have a friend who also experienced the same problem. So keep it stored in climate controlled area and it is a great stand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tinfoot review Just got my stand today... the QUICKEST delivery EVER with the Super Savings free shipping selected that I have ever experienced!  Go go, Amazon!  lulz  Anyhoo, I have two banjos and a mandolin that I purchased this for.  I looked about for quite a bit at various sites, reviews, prices, etc, and pretty much Hercules got the best reviews everywhere (although admittedly I hadn't really wanted to shell out over 50 dollars).  Yet this tri-stand really looked good with a solid general review, and I am rather tight for space overall (think trailer home size).  I wanted a way to hold my instruments in one place without having to work around gig-bags or hard cases taking up limited 'living space'. As it stands (figuratively and literally), the Hercules Tri-Stand does the job excellently with the two banjos.  All three instruments are varying heights, the resonator bluegrass banjo being the longest, and (naturally) the mandolin being the shortest, with a open back clawhammer banjo in the middle.The three 'back-rest' fold outs are static, attached to a center ring, and you \"can\" adjust them independently a  little up and down , but not to compensate for such a length difference between a bluegrass banjo and a mandolin.  However, the mandolin is a really lite thing, so I suspect it will be fine just hanging there by the peg head without a 'back-rest' as long as the stand isn't jostled around.  In my own case, aside from two rather lazy cats and pending no sudden hip-smash-oops by me, that shouldn't be an issue.  And of course, considering I am looking at a possible third banjo, the mandolin may just go live in its case after all...Now a word about open back banjos, if you are considering this stand... First off, no, I was not going to rest the coordinator rod against the 'back-rest' (just seems like a bad idea).  What I ended up doing was adjusting the 'back-rests' so the resonator of the bluegrass banjo rested about an inch up from the bottom, allowing the open back to rest on the other side ON TOP of the rest, along the lip of the banjo rim, at the edge of the rest foam where it begins to curve out and down. The tail-piece nut is in between the two foam pads without touching a thing.  Seems pretty solid in this position while still engaging the weight clamps up at the top.I give it 5 stars mainly based on the excellent quality of the stand and the fact that it is the ONLY three instrument stand worth any kind of hoot I have been able to find.  Its not the absolute perfect thing for my own application (would need the three 'back-rests' to be independently adjustable in height for that), but overall I am extremely pleased with it. overallrating 5   lineend
name tj review If you are like me and truly value your (usually) expensive prized instruments, then you want to make sure nothing happens to them, accidentally or otherwise. The Hercules stands are much much more stable than all the rest. They have a better base design, and even when the stand inevitably gets bumped there is no wobbling, no worries - just make sure you lower it all the way, as it is designed to be.These things are awesome. Also, everything fits so perfectly on Hercules stands. All of the other tri-stands lean your instruments in toward the top too much and cause the headstocks to bang together. Not here, plenty of room for everything now. This stand (and the double version which I also own) lets your gear hang down perfectly straight and protects it all with those very thickly padded stops you see near the base in the picture. Also, the hanging gravity grasp around the neck is so sweet. With all other stands I am always worried that my guitar will slide off, or if it gets bumped that it could fall out. This mechanism holds it tight until you want it, and releases it very easily and naturally for you, but will not let it go while it's just sitting there. Check these things out, you will not be disappointed.Also, as for durability, I have used and abused my Hercules stand for years, tossing it around my car to play at different places. It's been tossed, dropped, setup and stowed many times and it still looks and works just like it did when I first bought it. It doesn't even have any obvious visible scratches on it (it came with a bag but I discarded it and never used it). Meanwhile, I had gone thru dozens of regular cheapo stands over the years before I bought the Herc. I will only every buy Herc stands from now on. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review This is one of the cleanest sounding mini-amps you'll find.  Mine has no hiss or noise through the headphones.  It uses JFET components which get close to a tube amp sound.  It does sound tinny through the 2\" speaker, but AM radio sounded just as bad through 2\" speakers.  I hated it at first until I plugged in a set of headphones and turned down the O. Drive knob.  Very clean but I could get some character out of it by tweaking the guitar's volume knob.  Turning the O.Drive knob up just a bit adds some sparkle.  Of course you can get really distorted sounds from the amp.  I'm building a speaker cab with a Jensen 6\" speaker just for this amp.  According to many reports it will drive a 1x12 cab. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bill Lewey review  This tiny little amp is great for practicing outside or in a canoe or while hang gliding.  But it is not very good at parties.  it cannot compete with the noise level that 20 people in conversation can make.  It is cheap, so you should just get one.  I am having great fun experimenting around with different settings, instruments, and power feed voltage levels.  (see the danelectro power supply for this thing, really cool!) overallrating 4   lineend
name C. Hill review  This little amp is exactly what my son needed for his acoustic guitar's output while playing outside on the porch. The amp produces a much \"bigger\" sound with much better quality than expected. This does eat up 9v batteries so we also picked up an AC power adapter for when he uses this in the houses.We also like that this has a headphone jack, which cuts the sound to the speaker when plugged in.Highly Recommend! Note: We have the \"Burgundy\" color one.CFH overallrating 5   lineend
name H town review This is 10 watt walkman size guitar amplifier. The controls are Volume/ off, Tone, and overdrive. It also has a headphone jack. In my honest opinion, it is a good headphone amplifier to use when to need to practice without disturbing people around you. The speaker sound is fine for a clean sound ( like jazz, or country) or semi distorted and more (rock). If your looking for an small amp. that will do metal this may not be for you. Defintely get the Danelectro DA-1 AC power adapter instead of batteries because you may go through them quick. Overall it's pretty good. overallrating 4   lineend
name J. Rowland review  If you are getting this amp only for portable practice and just want to hear what you are playing and do not care if it sounds great then you will be happy with this little amp.  It sounds surprisingly good for twenty bucks. I said good, not loud.  Loud enough, yes. I suggest buying a power brick so you can plug it in for daily home use because the batteries only last for about five hours of playing time.  This is a great little amp for camping, a quick lesson, or going to a friends house for a little jamming etc.. If you keep your expectations reasonable you will be pleased.  Great color and retro style as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name purnielou review i have been a gigging guitarist for over 50 years now.i own all the coveted amps/guitars/fxfor the last few years i have been doing an outside gig on the weekends in a small mountain tourist town.i've used all the roland cubes that are battery powered.they were just fine.on a lark, i bought this danelectro honeytone. i'd read some good reviews and $20 0 isnt much money.i was shocked. going guitar straight into the amp produces great clean and od tones. but in my gig i have been using a boss me-25 with all my presets for my set plus a boss rc-2 looper and lastly, my phone with all my backing tracks. i play rythm, leads and sing in my gig.i connected all this to the single input of the n-10, put volume 1/2 and tone the same. od turned off. the sound is rich, full and IMHO sounds just as good as my roland cube street ($299 0).i have all the volume i need and great tone. the 9v battery lasts the entire 2 hr set.i am AMAZED by this amp. overallrating 5   lineend
name Reviewer review I use this amp for playing in my small apartment and it works great. The clean and distortion channels both sound good paired with the Danelectro Model 59 M. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayfinder review After reading numerous reviews talking about the exceptional volume and tone of this amp, for the price (about $16-$17) I had to try it.When I plugged my acoustic into this, I was very pleased to find those reviews are accurate.  First, let's not expect $500 double 16&#34; sound from a portable 9v amp.  Once that reality is recognized, it's realized this puts out far better sound than one would ever expect from an amp this size and price.I would note that the sound you get out of this amp-- as with any amp-- will be directly relational to the quality of guitar and pickup you're feeding from.  I tried this on three different guitars and each one sounded significantly different.  One had very rich tone, another sounded &#34;tinny&#34;, another had a passive pickup and required I turn the HoneyTune up quite a bit more than the one with active pickup.  So it won't sound the same on every guitar.That said, if your guitar has good tone and your pickup is good, this amp is simply awesome.  I've had it only one day so I haven't put it through the test of time... but first-impressions are that I will buy more of these in the future (I need more than one portable amp).My sister visited and heard it right after I opened the box, and she was impressed as well.  Neither of us expected this kind of sound from such a small amp.  And I have to say, the aqua color is major retro.  Gotta luv it.I've been looking for &#34;the&#34; portable amp for some time.  This is the best I've found to date and the value for price is a perfect balance. I don't know as I'd pay the $40-$50 for this guitar shops often ask, but the Amazon price is perfect. : )One last thing:  Danelectro branded 9v battery included, same color as the amp. Priceless. overallrating 5   lineend
name W.R.Amyot review The Danelectro mini amp was an impulse buy for me, but this thing is fantastic! clean tones to woodstock fuzz, this thing belts 'em out. only complaint- battery doesn't last too long. get a power adapter. otherwise- GREAT PRACTICE AMP! overallrating 5   lineend
name artty review This little amp kicks major ass, dood. I think I may have blown the speaker or it's just how it sounds but it's great for a lo-fi kind of fuzz-e tone when the gain and levels are all the way up. The clean tone is really nice too, a little to bright for my taste, but for a mini-clip amp it's not too bad. I can take this plus my tele to my friends house and sit outside and just didtle away. Theres a headphon jack, a 9v power supply and that's in for plug ins, No line in so you can't plug you ipod or whatever to it and play along but oh well. If you have a big rig and you just want something small for like a camping trip with some friends this is pretty great. overallrating 5   lineend
name AMlevesque review the mini amp did not arrive with the battery as it was stated in literature. good thing I had purchased the 9volt power adapter. I was really surprised at the output considering how small the speaker size. ideal for kicking aound house and small partyof friends. should already come with 9volt adapter with along cord. it would be worth the increase in price to have it come altogether. would purchase again, overallrating 4   lineend
name Andrea Polk review TheDanelectro Honeytone Mini Amp - Beatnik Burgundyis an easy way to get great sound from your electric guitar. The color of this unit is a soft burgundy (almost brick red in color). Paired with the Zero Hum AC Adaptor, it's a highly portable amp setup. review  er Paul Stewart: \"As a point of clarity - the current version of this item does NOT ship with an adapter nor cable. Be prepared to purchase these in tandem.\"  FYI...UPDATE: 11/17/13Almost 4 years ago I bought this item, and it's still going strong!  Great deal.UPDATE: 7/11/14YUP!  It's still kickin' along. Super buy on this mini-amp. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andy Baird review  Look, it's a plastic box that's just 5.5&#34; square and 2.5&#34; deep, with a cheap three-inch speaker inside. It produces decent sound, although there's substantial background hiss and it has a nasty habit of picking up digital &#34;static&#34; from my computer. It's OK as a practice amp, but I certainly wouldn't want to perform with it. In short, it's only a small step above toy level, which is what you'd expect for a twenty-dollar amp. That doesn't mean it's not useful, but you need to be realistic about what you're getting here. overallrating 3   lineend
name Beach Panda review Brough this for trying \"electric\" feels on the acoustic guitar, and don't want to waste too much money on electric acoustic (preamp) guitar or big amp if I don't like the \"eFeels\". After researching awhile and reading tons of good reveiws of it, I decided to give it a try.  I didn't expect too much on $20 amp, but surprisingly, it positively gives me more than I ask for.  I also brough it with the adaptor, which is great to save $$ for long runs, and I don't have to worry about the battery for home practices.  It is adorable out of the box; it looks like a lovely toy, but it works professionally based on its 10w amp.  I don't care much about the manufactor's suggested modes, basically, I just fool around with the three button controls to whatever sounds I like in different songs on guitar / uke.  I like the small size that won't take too much space on my tiny room, it's cute to look at, and it is practical too!I had the high frequence of feedback as one of the reviwers when I used a poor pickup; however, when I changed to another one, I can turn the volume as high as I want with the same direction and setup as the previous poor pickup.  I almost thought that was an issue from the amp, luckily, I have two different pickups to try it deeply.  After using the better pickup, the amp doesn't have any issue yet.  I have used for few times, so I don't know about its longevity yet!One more thing about the headphone mode that is not completely silent because the guitar's sound itself won't be muted, but the headphone does mute the effected sounds from the amp; anyway, it's a great feature to have. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brock Martin review I own one of these amps and it is capable of everything from very clean to heavy over-drive. I love it. It's got tone galore! I play either a Martin A/E thru it or a Strat knock-off.  Either one sounds awesome.  Never dreamed of such an enjoyable little amp, let alone for $20. Battery life seems OK, but I hate messing with batteries, so I'd buy power supply (you can get a 9V supply (check for proper polarity) at the Thrift store for a buck).  Don't even think about it.  Get it.  $20 is pocket change. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Hill review  This little amp is exactly what my son needed for his acoustic guitar's output while playing outside on the porch. The amp produces a much \"bigger\" sound with much better quality than expected. This does eat up 9v batteries so we also picked up an AC power adapter for when he uses this in the houses.We also like that this has a headphone jack, which cuts the sound to the speaker when plugged in.Highly Recommend!CFH overallrating 5   lineend
name Gomer review  i knew it would be small but i wasn't thinking this small, ,it shore is cute,, good enough for now ,but not for the long-run,, shore its loud for the size but, it rattles when you turn it up and amps slides  from vibration,,if you keep it on lower sound its fine, this is only for temporary use for me. its an ok tiny mini little amp  (for it's size its good,) don't exspect a fender amp thats all, overallrating 4   lineend
name GregoryEEEE review For $20 you can't go wrong. Its a lot of fun to use this little amp for practice and it goes anywhere. overallrating 5   lineend
name Harry An review  s, I made my purchase. This is a great unit, it sounds good and loud enough.Two downsides, both are about the noise.1. I live on the 4th floor. As long as I turn the volume up, it acts like a radio.. I mean very loud radio background and I couldn't get ride of it. This is the only thing that annoys me, but I think it depends on where people live.2. When this is not properly tuned, it sounds strange and makes a lot of noise. (Other than the radio part.)None of these are major issues, as a mini amp you can't really expect that much, not to mention it's not expensive at all. Overall I like it and I would recommend it.By the way, this unit comes with a 9V battery. overallrating 4   lineend
name Harry review I got this when I was just learning how to play guitar.  I was using a borrowed First Act guitar without any amp and I wanted to see what kind of sounds I could make.  It was inexpensive and fun to use.  The sound quality isn't the greatest, but that's to be expected.  You can dial in quite a few different sounds and it comes with a sheet showing you how to make different sounds.  It's very light so make sure you set it on the floor because you will be pulling it over with the guitar cable.  I pulled it off the table a couple of times with no ill effects, but I wouldn't want to take any chances. overallrating 5   lineend
name Highmember review this is the perfect amp for bed practice! i just plug near to me and practice when i like to practice, no heavy amps to move just plug and chill , not a great sound but is for practice not for concerts!nice item good purchase overallrating 5   lineend
name jeff h review Bought this for my son. Its perfect for practice. Great portability. Has a nice clean sound, as well as a decent overdrive sound. Sounds great with an electric acoustic. Its surprisingly loud for a small amp. You can't beat the price. I highly recommend this! overallrating 5   lineend
name Mano review Sounds a lot more than what you expect, this is my 2nd Honeytone (one at home, one at work).  You can use it with batteries or with a 9V adapter, it has a clip to hang it on your belt or wherever you want, it also has a headphones input.  It gets way to distorted at high volume, but come on... it's a $20 amp; it does what it has to and does it well. overallrating 4   lineend
name ng11 review  This is a fun little practice amp about the size of a large sandwich. Three knobs, volume, tone and gain give it a little versatility. Runs forever on a nine-volt battery. I keep mine next to the couch so I can always plug in and have some fun. It's small but it can also be quite loud of you want it to be.Overall a great little deal for the price. Stop waiting and grab one, you can't go wrong. overallrating 4   lineend
name Paparaptor review It's not going to win any awards for sound quality, but it sure is cute.  As you might expect, it's a pretty boxy sounding little amp, more reminiscent of 60's portable transistor radios than a double stack Marshall.  But it did the two things I wanted it for.  First, it has a belt clip, which I can attach to my belt or a guitar strap.  Second, it has a headphone out, so I can plug in a set of ear buds (1/8&#34; stereo jack).  You can get it to a clean decent practice room level if you keep the drive control set at minimum.  Surprisingly, the Drive control works it's way in gradually, letting you control the distortion a bit with the guitar volume control. With the drive control cranked up, you can get the amp unexpectedly loud, but terribly distorted.  For something you can throw in your guitar gig bag and take with you wherever you go, it's not too bad.  With a set of earphones, I would put it on par with some of the more expensive amp-jacks that are available.  If you plan to use it as a practice amp and you're not moving about, I would recommend getting a power supply (will use the same ones as most effects pedals).  Battery life appears to be around 3~5 hours, but the performance starts degrading at about an hour's use. overallrating 4   lineend
name Playgolfandtennis review I use this for a bass, and while I cannot get deep tones, it is great to take to the beachor play with my acoustic guitar friends.  Tip:  it sounds better if you don't cramp it all the way up - stop at 90%. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard G. review I wanted a portable small sized amp for using my electric guitar outdoors -- but was not really in a position to pay the big dollars for one of the high end brands. There is of course, very little bass response with this one and it is a tad tinny, but hey, it's just a 9 volt battery. I just wanted the guitar audible for practicing outside and this is a very neat little device. They put a lot of thought into this amp, and it is outstanding for the budget price. Keep in mind, you can patch another 9 volt powered device through this one to enhance it -- I will at some point run my Boss Digital Delay box through it to check that out. The belt clip on the back and triple adjustment dials are nice, and I got it in red as a change of pace, because I always get &#34;black&#34; with my equipment. It looks very nice and the vintage front design gives it a lot of character. Nice product, Danelectro. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert D. Hibbs review I bought this amp as a back up for my 9 year old son and to take to the park... This is a nice little amp, it sounds prety good for the price. Just dont expect a booming base or grand sound from it. overallrating 5   lineend
name scott schwartz review I buy and sell electric guitars and often I meet with someone at a half-way point where access to electricity is unavailable. I was surprised at the volume and tone that came out of a unit so small.  There is even and overdrive which makes this totally cool as some of my customers want to schredd a little.  This is battery operated but can be plugged in using an adapter.  I bought a Planet Waves 9V Power adapter to go with the Honey Tone.  It might work in a Busker situation. overallrating 5   lineend
name SEAN MASLANKA review Don't get me wrong...this is a great little amp for practicing...but it eats batteries like they were candy. I think it was like 2 or three hours of playing and I had to throw in new batteries. But if playing on the street corner is your thing...this little amp has a belt clip. overallrating 3   lineend
name SeBo review  Ok I've owned 2 of these Danelectro amps. For one they are cheap in price, loud in output, and can be used as external speakers when attached to computers via wired or with purchase of a cheap Bluetooth adapter from ebay or amazon. Recently I purchased this item on ebay for $10 - Bluetooth Audio Music Receiver V3  Wireless Stereo Adapter For Smart PhonesNow I can connect to my tablets, smartphones, and computers and use this amp as a great external Bluetooth speaker.  Plus the battery life is great. Try to buy a BT speaker on amazon with this wattage that's cordless and works from battery power, and you will spend well over $200.The included battery is worthless and dies in about 5 minutes. I installed a 550mah rechargeable 9v battery (ebay) and it lasts forever.Plus I can still use it as a lower quality jam amp when I want... for this price its hard to beat. overallrating 4   lineend
name Sessue review This micro amp is a real blast in more ways than one. And it is NOT a toy. Don't be misled by the price--this is a real amp based on stompbox electronics, and while it may not be a Marshall stack, it is more than adequate as a highly portable practice amp as well as a performance amp for small spaces. It is certainly loud hough to evoke complaints from my neighbors in adjoining apartments.I bought this amp for use durng harmonica practice. To this end, I use the belt clip to mount it on my hip. Then I just patch in my mike, twiddle the controls, and go to town. The tone has been fairly pure although, with a mike at least, I can also get some pops, crackles, and squeals. This is pretty typical for anyone amping a harp, so the Honey Tone is not at fault. In general, this amp is pretty forgiving of the input. I've used it with a high-impedance mike (Astatic JT-30), a low-impedance mike (Behringer XM8500), and electric guitar (Fender Stratocaster). It handles these without noticeable signal loss.What is this amp exactly? My guess is that Danelectric took the circuitry for its overdrive stompbox, added a 1-watt amplifier circuit, and put the whole shebang into a retro case. The result is quite appealing. And the overall look and feel is one of quality. The case is solid albeit plastic. The three controls (volume, tone, and overdrive), while not detented, have the smooth control that you tend to get on better components. The input 1/4-inch jack and the mini jack headphone output are all solid. Someone in Danelectric had a sense of humor in touting the unit's \"leather\" strap, though. It is more decorative than useful.If you can operate an overdrive stompbox, then you know how to work this amp. The volume control is obvious. The tone control alters the bass/treble mix (but not very significantly, in my opinion). The overdrive control adds fuzz and distortion (again, not to a great degree). The instructions describe 16 \"sounds,\" but someone in Danelectric has a sense of humor. Otherwise, why label one setting \"Send the cats under the bed.\" Ignore the instructions and set the controls to whatever sounds good to you.As I said, this is small but really not a toy. I've personally found it very useful in practicing blues harp because it's so easy to set up and so ridiculously portable. And when I decide that I'm good enough to panhandle in Penn Station, this baby is going with me. overallrating 5   lineend
name steven review I cant tell you how impressed i am with this mini amp, I was expecting some little amp with a somewhat of a sound, Instead I couldn't put it away, I must have played for at least a couple of hours in complete awe, The tones you were able to achieve with just a little knob adjustment was amazing,I would recommend this to anyone that needs a cheap amp, The 9v battery holds up well (which is surprising considering the drive you got off it)So spend the $20 0 and get something that is a real deal, I hope this helps with your decision about purchasing one overallrating 5   lineend
name Vivid review I wanted to like this. I really did. The idea of an amp this portable and cheap just made me think, &#34;Perfect&#34;. However, the unit I received was cr@p, and I'm going to assume it was defective and not blanket all the positive reviews with dispersions. The one I got kept cutting in and out. You might be playing a solo line and you might hear about 75% of the notes or something. And when holding a chord, the sustained sound would cut out after a few seconds. Frustrating.I did weigh whether or not to try a replacement unit. The so-so sound and overall quality however didn't compel me to give it another go. Bummer. Any suggestions for an amp of similar size and portability?Cheers overallrating 1   lineend
name Wayfinder review I've tried several &#34;portable amps&#34;.  For the price, the HoneyTone can't be beat.  It has volume, tone and overdrive knobs (the overdrive can go way too over, so easy on that one).  Comes with a battery but can be connected to a 9v adapter (important note: reverse polarity, negative central).  Interestingly I have found this amp seems to work significantly better with acoustic-electrics or piezo-based pickups better than magnetic pickups.  But for a small, portable, light-weight practice amp which one can hook to a belt and attach an earphone... they don't come much better.  It has a belt clip on the back but you'll have to supply your own earphones and 9v adapter if you want them.  Battery is included. Of course a guitar cable is a required extra.Well worth the money. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrew M. review I'm giving this one 5 stars, with the caveat that you MUST GET THE SILVER ALUMINUM one, otherwise the black thermoplastic ones do break. The thermoplastic ones broke on me within 2-3 months of use, 3 different ones, until I got the silver one which has not had that problem. Every music store I go to locally has the black thermoplastic ones, and they look in disbelief at me when I say they break. But they did --if I leave it on the guitar on a fret for 5 or 10 minutes and go into the kitchen to make tea, the thing literally snaps and breaks into 2 or 3 pieces and goes airborne at high speed in 2 pieces, and could poke someone's eye out in a public performance, freaky. There's something about the rainy days higher humidity cool damp air pressure and/or temperature fluctuation that does it.I live in northern california, so I don't know if a dry climate like the southwest would not have that problem.The SILVER ALUMINUM ONE by contrast, hasn't broken in now nearly a year of use, and shows no hints of doing that. It feels different in the hand from the thermoplastic-- no hint of plastic, but it is very light and not heavy like the G7 ones are. I made sure to order the silver aluminum one through Amazon, since the description on the black ones say some are aluminum and some thermoplastic, and I only want to make sure I get the aluminum one.The silver aluminum Planet Waves capo really is the best capo I've ever had, super easy to use, very easy to put on and switch from one fret to another while you're going from playing one song to another (you don't have move your body or the guitar like you do with all other capos to put it on or move it, which is a spectacular design), it keeps the strings in tune better than most other capos, and it's out of the way of your hands, doesn't interfere when you play any chord. The screw adjustment is in the perfect place for the least strain and doesn't hurt the fingers when turning it. It's the least obtrusive and best capo ever. I'll also add that I have an old carpal injury so I want the least strain, and small hands, so I want the least awkward and most light capo, and this does that. I absolutely love it, and I'm glad that the aluminum ones are durable. overallrating 5   lineend
name animulvr review Nice design... Small, lightweight and very easy to use, dose the job well. I am thinking about getting a 2nd one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob Denton review  This inexpensive capo works as advertised. It's the plastic version of the more expensive metal one but it works as advertised and is ideal for a light weight backup. overallrating 4   lineend
name Chris review I'm happy with this purchase. I bought it during the Black Friday sale. It works for what I use it for. When not in use, it just gets put away. Doesn't take a lot of space. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris M. review Purchased this capo after having a bad experience with a spring style capo.  This capo was just perfect for my needs. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dean J Copely review In 40 years I have had every kind of capo out there. This is the right one. This one works. Buy one for each of your guitars and keep them in the case: they are well made and inexpensive enough. overallrating 5   lineend
name Deyvyd review It is really good to have one of this to change the tone of the songs to make it easy to play! overallrating 5   lineend
name eatablog review It does a good job for it's primary purpose as a capo so I gave it four stars.  It works flawlessly, but the one minor annoyance is that it doesn't easily stay on the head of the guitar except above the nut where if you screw it a bit tight it could mess with the tuning of the guitar.  With clamp on capos you can just clamp them on the wood. overallrating 4   lineend
name Gery Sasko review  Pretty darn good in every way. Trim and easy to use. Solid construction. I recommend this capo without reservation. I like it and it is small. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jarrett Venturini review This is a fantastic little capo.  I say little because it is not as big as the spring loaded type, of the Shubb capos I've used.It has a low profile, and I can reach right up to it and still play well.It seems to be sturdy and well constructed, and I love that I can easily adjust how much tension to put on the strings.  Just enough so they don't buzz and then the strings will stay in tune when the capo is off.Much cheaper than the G7th, and does the job just as well in my opinion.For everyone saying that you can't fit it on the neck, make sure you get the right capo!  If you have a classical guitar, get a classical capo!  If you have a guitar with a really thin neck get the lite model capo.  If you are like most people who have regular size guitar necks, get the normal one.Don't write bad reviews of the product because you bought the wrong kind. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jerry Cunningham review I love this capo better than any I have seen or used. Great quality and price. You wont go wrong with this capo. overallrating 5   lineend
name JerryWithaJ review I don't have a classical guitar, but I just got an inexpensive but really fun steel string guitar with a non-radiused fingerboard.  I've also got over a dozen capos (don't ask!) but all are for radiused fingerboards.The fingerboards of most steel-string guitars--electric and acoustic--are radiused, that is, they are not flat.  They have a gentle curve to them, so gentle that many wouldn't notice it unless they looked closely. Look up \"fingerboard\" in the Wikipedia for an excellent discussion and Google images for diagrams and pictures.Even though the curve is gentle, if a fingerboard is radiused, a capo must be curved, too, or the outside strings would not be pressed down properly and would buzz.  If a fingerboard is flat, like a classical guitar's, the capo must be flat, too, or the center strings will not be pressed down properly and will buzz.If you're not sure whether your guitar's fingerboard is radiused, slide a ruler between two frets.  If it lies flat, then so is the fingerboard.  If it rocks, the fingerboard is radiused.I REALLY like this capo because of the way pressure is adjusted by turning the tension screw.  This makes it possible to exert just the right amount of pressure--not tool little, which would cause strings to buzz, and not too much, which would cause the instrument to go out of tune.As others have noted, its one drawback is that it can't be clamped to the headstock when not in use.  But for that, I'd replace most of my capos with radiused versions of this capo.  HIGHLY recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name jesw review My eleven year old guitar player is very happy with this capo. It's easy for him to use and adjust. overallrating 5   lineend
name John Dziekan review Love this capo on my electric guitar.  I can adjust the tension for any position on the neck very easily.  Tried other more expensive capos, but this one is the Winner! overallrating 5   lineend
name KP review In this price point - it's a good capo - if you know how to put one on and use it. I use it for lessons in case a kid steals it - so I'm not losing my G7 capo which was $40. Great capo. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lochsa Lad review  The only instrument this works well on is my Yamaha guitarelele which has nylon strings, for steel strings I want more pressure, I advise getting the NS Capo that is not \"lite\  I prefer that one above this model. overallrating 2   lineend
name Minh Pham review You have to turn the knobs every time you want to use this. What a pain. Oh well, it was cheap enough to have around. overallrating 3   lineend
name mkniser review This is an awesome capo!  It's sleek, light,easy to install (you can do it with one hand) and looks nice on the instrument.  I use the NS capo on my Gibson SG Special faded and it does exactly what it is supposed to do.  I love the dial, it's very easy to use and lets me set it to the just the right amount of pressure where I can still bend the strings but there is no fret buzz.  Awesome product, much better than using a Kyser that puts your guitar out of tune and leaves gouges in your neck.  Sounds great on my SG and my acoustic.For those of you wondering yes it does clamp on the headstock if you tighten it down enough.  I think it also depends on the width of your headstock but it works for me. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr. GrvThang review There's nothing not to like about this capo.  I have two of them.  I've played guitar for over 40 years and have used other types of capos.  I like this one's low profile and the fact that you provide the pressure to the fretboard (by turning a knob to tighten it) rather than rely on a spring, as on the clip-on type. It takes a few seconds longer to install than the clip-on type, but I like the results better. overallrating 5   lineend
name puddytat review Was not sure about this one but it is darn easy to use and works quite well.  I still use the Kayser for most stuff but this is great for a backup. overallrating 4   lineend
name realsteel review We ordered one, it worked so nicely, we ordered 2 more.  You can adjust the tension precisely to fit your guitar, and minimize string stress and de-tuning each time you move your capo.  Very nice product. overallrating 5   lineend
name REM review This is a very nice product to use.  I would recommend it to anyone. It is small enough to be out of the way while playing. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert Biehn review Great item!Sturdy, had it for a few weeks now. Small, light, durable. Holds the strings down perfectly too Great capo! overallrating 5   lineend
name Robin Lopate review These are nice, easy to use capos and the price was great.  I got several of them to use during my guitar class, when someone doesn't have a capo and needs one. overallrating 4   lineend
name Salvatore Quaglieri review Works well, arrived fast. No problems. Works as described. A good purchase for a low priced capo.Works for acoustic and electric overallrating 4   lineend
name Sledman review I purchased a Classical guitar and only had a traditional (steel string) Capo available to me. Not thinking it through I used it on my Nylon Stings and after a few times I realized it had damaged the string to the point they had to be replaced. Along with my string order I added this Capo so it does not happen again.Pros:It's small and lightweight.It's very well made. It not  only looks great but also appear to be of high quality.It's very adjustable. Unlike my steel string Capo, this uses a screw/knob to tighten, not spring loaded. This allows you to finely tune the capo to add just enough pressure to bar the fret but not damage the stings.It works on steel strings. Yep, I found my self needing a Capo on another guitar and only having this with me, I saw no reason it should not work so I gave it a try and it performed wonderfully. I won't be using it full time on my steel strings, but great to know in a pinch I have use it.If you need a great capo thats gentle on your Nylon strings then this is the one to get. overallrating 5   lineend
name Special K review I always seem to have to re-tune with the spring loaded capo's.  Rarely have to re tune with this one.  Highly recommend. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sunn Kram review I ordered one of these because I like my other Planet Waves Capo a lot (I believe its the older metal version of this, not the &#34;Lite&#34;). However, this one just does not screw down enough to hold down the strings, especially down at the lower frets where the neck is a little thinner (on a Martin jumbo acoustic). It will barely bend the strings down behind the fret but not enough to prevent buzzing. Your fretting hand will naturally push the capo back and out of position quite easily when playing open chords too.I'm not sure why the plastic version has this issue when it appears to have an identical design to the old metal one. It doesn't seem defective as no parts are bent or missing as far as I can tell. Unless I just happen to get one with a shorter than normal screw, I wouldn't recommend it for any guitar without a thick neck.My recommendation is the classic Kyser capo thats more dependable and quicker to apply and remove (it also attaches to your headstock effortlessly when not in use). If you are looking for the screw-down style, I would look for the older version of this and avoid the &#34;Lite&#34;. overallrating 2   lineend
name D. Reinstein review  A Little History:I have been a guitar player for forty-odd (some of them, VERY odd) years.  For the first thirty of them, I tuned by ear - starting by guessing at what a low E sounded like, then tuning the other five strings by fretting, listening and tuning.  I could never understand why the tuning often sounded perfect for one chord, yet remained `off' for others... it took quite a long time to get it right.  Then, about ten years ago, I thought I had figured it out.  The problem (I thought) was that my guesses at a true \"E\" were off - so I got myself an \"E\" tuning fork (320 cycles) and used it to tune the first string.  Then, I did as I had always done - fretted and tuned the other five. Not much better as a result - kept having to tune and retune for quite a while to get all chords to sound right.  During those years, I tried tuning all six strings to (what I believed was an accurately tuned) piano as well as by ear to tones available online.  Nothing gave me better tuning on the first try.  Then, I saw an ad for a Chromatic Tuner and lightening struck.The Realization:There have been many -  each of which has led me closer to what I have now - near perfect tuning on the first go `round!  First off, I realized that when we say \"E\ that is not just one note.  It is a range of literally hundreds - perhaps even thousands- of specific tones.  The same is true for every note.  This is akin, I guess, to the realization as a child, that no matter how many shades of `blue' are in a box of crayons, the chanced of having the precise shade you want for a specific drawing are rare.  Purchasing my first Chromatic Tuner (a CT440, manufactured by SwitchMucic and sold through MusiciansFriend.com) moved me a long way along the continuum of learning and accurate tuning.  However, that tuner had at least two limitations. Firstly, it's construction is rather light and flimsy - it works OK, but has a second limitation that conaused me to buy the Korg (for about the same price)  That is that the Korg has a built in tone generator and speaker allowing the option of tuning that way rather than having only the single option of having tones made by the instrument read and metered back to you.  Both tuners have plug-in for electric instruments, and, so far as I can tell, their accuracies are similar.  I prefer the Korg for the reasons I have mentioned.  Additionally, the Korg can be manually recalibrated for special tuning needs - and `remembers' the original tuning/tones so you can return to it for more `standard' usage. A nice, extra piece of flexibility. The LCD meter is easy to read and colored lights tell you, right away, whether you are sharp, flat (and by how much!) or right on!As a point of surprising interest, the tuning fork I had used for years turns out to be profoundly FLAT! A shock to me - given that I had grown up learning that tuning forks gave off perfect tones! I have saved it as a reminder that all things are not what they are promoted to be. I guess the round pitch pipe that Ms. Sweeny used to tune up the class in the 5th grade was probably not quite as precise as she would have presumed!And Finally:This is a marvelous little (and inexpensive) device - well constructed, accurate and flexible to allow for many different tuning need situations and circumstances.  I assume that there will be still higher places for my `learning curve' in this area to rise to - but for right now, this is it.  I am using it, regularly, on all my stringed instruments (two six-string Martins, a twelve string Epiphone and a frailing banjo.  The time it saves tuning the 12-string alone makes it more than it's own price!)If you have not discovered Chromatic Tuning (maybe I really WAS the last one to discover these things!?), I suggest you do so immediately and spend your time enjoying the pleasures of making music rather than sitting in frustration trying to adjust the tunings by ear so it sounds `really' right. Perhaps people with `perfect pitch' can do very nicely without a Chromatic Tuner - I am not one of them. Are you? overallrating 5   lineend
name fretter review It is inexpensive but is difficult to use  anywhere with other noise..I used it for several years but it is only a backup now.. Nice part is that you can calibrate the tuning, although probably would not be used by most musicians.. Other than that I think money would be better spent on a headstock type tuner.. I would not recommend it. overallrating 2   lineend
name Jon Norris review This is a nice little tuner. It is small, easy to read and use. It has a non-backlit LCD display of an analog VU style meter, with extra marks at plus and minus 20 cents, and red LEDs that light when a tone is sharp or flat. It has a green LED and large mark for being on target. It has a built-in mic for acoustic instruments, and a mono 1/4 inch phone jack for electric instruments. It has an active tone you can switch on for tuning, but that is only adjustable over the narrow range of 410-480hz. It uses a pair of AAA size batteries that you pop the whole case open to change. If you have any vision problems, the display might be an issue. The LCD is about 1 1/2 inches long and 3/4 of an inch high, and, like all non-backlit LCD displays, has a narrow viewing angle and reflection issues.I wanted this for tuning didgeridus that I was making, and it works adequately for that. The one thing it is lacking that disappointed me is a frequency or octave readout. As it is, it gives you the note and cents sharp or flat, but does not give an octave number or frequency of the sound. So, you know you are tuned to a C, you just don't know exactly which C it is. Probably not much of an issue if you are tuning a regular instrument, but in some cases would be very handy to know. I suppose with more training and experience, I could learn to tell that by ear. (What? Learn a skill! Isn't that asking a bit much?)I suppose for an inexpensive tuner, that is the trade-off, but it does detract from the usefulness of this tuner for my purposes. Other than that, it seems to work well. It is consistent, easy to use, and compact. I consider it about average in value - it does the basics well but is missing what I consider an important function in such a device. I may be expecting too much for the price, as I have not done an exhaustive study of tuners and their specs. Having the octave feature would make it 4 stars for me instead of three.In any case, if you don't need to know the actual octave or frequency but just the accuracy of the notes you are tuning, this works quite well, and is not very expensive. overallrating 3   lineend
name Larry G. Kent review   "unixReviewTime": 1269734400, "reviewTime": "03 28, 2010"}
name MildCritter review  I've had two of these tuners. They are well known among bass instrument players for being able to lock in on the lowest pitches better than most other tuners. They're durable and have a long battery life. Unlike most other tuners, in noisy environments they don't lock in on higher pitches before lower ones, again a plus for low instrument players.The one problem that I've had with these tuners is that one of them had to be set to A-439 to tune pitches that other tuners recognized as A=440. Strange. overallrating 4   lineend
name Wyoming Eagle review this tuner is easy to use.  I like that it has the input jack for electric guitar as well as acoustic.  It makes it so much easier.  this is my first tuner in a long time and I'm please with it. overallrating 5   lineend
name BatmanDSM review Excellent Product, it is well cushioned. I'm a typical overweight American. Great Sale Price!(Lucky Timing) All Black and fully Assembled! Doesn't get any easier than that... (Batman) overallrating 5   lineend
name Darren review I bought this bench on an Amazon Warehouse Deal so that I could get it on Prime delivery and was not disappointed at all. The bench is very sturdy and comfortable - the cushioning is thick and soft. The item arrives flat packed and can be adjusted to the correct seating height in seconds. This bench is just what I was looking for and I'm sure it will serve its purpose for many years. overallrating 5   lineend
name dashreeve review I actually like this bench a lot. It fits into my gear back (rolling duffle style) that contains my cables / power strips etc., with only the folded legs sticking out of the bag. I have the KT7800, which is much larger seat area, and easier to adjust. Depends on your preference I suppose, this one is smaller / lighter, the other is larger / easier to adjust. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jai review The Keyboard Bench is lower than I anticipated.  The seat is very soft and comfortable.  However, it doesn't appear to hold anyone with excess weight. overallrating 3   lineend
name Matthew L. Adams review It has a comfortable seat and seems stable and well-made.  However, if you need to haul it around frequently, it takes a bit of time to set up and screw down or open up the screws that hold the moving stability bar on the bottom of the seat. Also, if you need to adjust the height, you have to remove the entire bolt assembly seen at the crossing point of the bars, and then select one of three holes that are only an inch or some apart from each other.  So, not much selection there. overallrating 3   lineend
name Michael Hassey review For me, I can click this in so it is a nearly perfect height. The padding is great, it is lightweight without feeling cheep. overallrating 5   lineend
name Minh Pham review I bought this for my daughter who plays the keyboard. It was already assembled right out of the box, and seems well padded and sturdy. My daughter likes it. I like the price because of the special deal from Amazon. overallrating 4   lineend
name Modern Blue Argonaut review  This assembled in just a couple of minutes without the need to refer to the instructions. The bench is comfortably padded and very affordable. overallrating 5   lineend
name Otto review It isn't top of the line but it gets the job done. I wouldn't abuse of the chair too much though, the material looks a little floosy. overallrating 3   lineend
name Seventh-777 review I'm a heavier fellow (5'11, 220) and some of the harder benches I've tried were a tad uncomfortable for long sessions. This one, on the other hand, is very comfortable and has plenty of padding and support. It folds up easily and looks to be very well made. 5 stars, no complaints, and much nicer than a lot of the more expensive options. overallrating 5   lineend
name Teagan Mago review The price is a great selling point, just by itself.  I use it with my acoustic guitar and the On Stage FS7850B Guitar Foot Rest that I bought off Amazon as well.  It's a good combo.  It leads me to playing for longer periods.  It's solidly constructed.  It folds and is definitely portable.  Great buy. overallrating 5   lineend
name colton cooper review I bought this to restore the neck of an Ibanez that I had ordered used and knew needed TLC.After a few coats of this stuff the neck looked/played/felt like it was just out of the factory! It restored years of neglect in just a few minutes.When I bought this I though it wouldn't be enough. BOY WAS I WRONG. I'll have enough of this oil to last me awhile which makes me happy because I can get that new guitar feel out of my neck for months if not years to come. overallrating 5   lineend
name David McCarthy review got this to treat my fretboard on my guitar. Nice airline-sized bottle w/ safety cap to prevent from unintentional opening. Replenished my dried out fretboard to like-new condition. overallrating 5   lineend
name Earl D. Shaffer review  I needed some fretboard cleaner. This is something I had not tried before. I used it and I like it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Isaac review Has a nice smell, works like a charm. This bottle will probably last me 10 years. Good cheap price...a recommended purchase. overallrating 4   lineend
name J. Zwicker review This has a nice smell, and is good for maintaining the wood on the neck of your guitar. Best used when replacing strings, so you can apply while the strings are off. overallrating 5   lineend
name L. Ole'son review Clean really good of prints and smell very nice. My first time using it but like it alot since it works good. overallrating 4   lineend
name Salvatore Quaglieri review Nice quality fretboard oil. Has a nice scent to it, and remember a little goes a long way. I would definitely recommend this. Worked nice on my maple unfinished fretboard. overallrating 5   lineend
name Steve review I maintain all of my guitars on a regular basis since I no longer have my own guitar tech to do everything for me! Take care of your fretboards any your fingers and fretboards will be very happy! overallrating 5   lineend
name Charlo review This is an iconic fuzz pedal.  Yes, Smashing Pumpkins used this pedal but Corgan also used a Fender Blender (which is similar to the Big Muff but has an octive thing going on too).  This is not a subtle pedal.  It's cuts through the mix well if you are running into a cleanish amp.  I find that it gets a little muddy if I run it into an amp that's already breaking up.  I can say the same thing about most fuzz pedals though.  This is not a wooly, splattery vintage tone like the Dunlop Fuzz Face.  It really has it's own thing going on.  It's not the kind of pedal that I keep on all the time, but it's a cool tool for the sonic toolbox.  If I had it to do all over again I would likely buy the Big Muff with the tone wicker switch.  It's about ten bucks more and has a little more tweekability. overallrating 4   lineend
name Chris review i feel strange giving this classic only 3 stars.  but it's just not for me.  it's large and takes up space on my pedal board.  i prefer the little big muff overallrating 3   lineend
name D. Blackburn review I have played through this for over 15 years and I will tell you right now, get a big amp. Get 2 amps and split the signal, even. You want to have the biggest amp you can when using this pedal. Otherwise it will come off sounding frail instead of \"Frail and Bedazzled\".Otherwise this pedal conjures up a beastly reference, and it should. I have been in a couple bands where I just plugged this into the amp and played my riffs. The free drinks and loose women followed shortly thereafter.If you're looking for stinging yet rumbly fuzz, this is the pedal you need. I only wish it went up to \"11\". overallrating 5   lineend
name Devin review  I owned this pedal for many years, before finally trading it in on some other equipment.  It produces one sound extremely well, but it only does that one thing.  The sound it does very well is the late 60's/early 70's fuzz sound: \"White Room, Black Curtains\"; \"Satisfaction\"; \"Ina Gadda da Vida\".  Note:  this pedal produces very good sustain, but has really bad attack.  As such, it will not really do the \"Whole Lotta Love\" sound.  As I said, it does one thing very well, but its range even with classic rock is quite limited.  If you plan to cover songs with that classic fuzz sound, this pedal gets you 100% of that sound.  If you want to also cover other classic rock, you're gonna need at least one more overdrive/distortion effect. overallrating 3   lineend
name G. Eguia review  I cannot express how over sized this pedal is - it's ridiculously big and it's unnecessary.if you are lacking space on your pedal board u may want to look elsewhere or retrofit the insides into a smaller housing as i will do.Again - please be aware of the dimensions - this thing is soooooooooooooo hugeit sounds good though - though it does rob tone overallrating 4   lineend
name Raul Diaz Pea review It's noisy, but if you find out how to equalize the tone and volume, it works fine. I bought it cause Gilmour uses this effect but certainly the one he uses must be of a much more better quality product. overallrating 3   lineend
name The Den review This pedal does exactly what my title suggests... it creates a huge walk of smooth rich fuzz... very smashing pumpkins feel to this. It doesn't do many different tones, but what it does it does very well! And frankly, once I find a good tone out of a pedal, I don't change it often anyhow! This is an amazing value, and a welcome party of my pedal boards. (P.S.: I have the Russian variant...) overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Hill review  We opted for the World Tour \"Guitar Gig Bag\" over a hard case because most of the time my son's guitar is hanging on the wall usingString Swing Hardwood Home & Studio Guitar Hanger (Shades May Vary). This case is generally good quality and meets our needs, with the following observations:Pros -+ Lightweight; doesn't add a lot of pounds but still protects the guitar+ Good Quality; strong material, stitching, and zippers+ Storage Pockets; big enough for music pages, picks, and a small electronic tuner+ Handles; good hand grip handle on the side and has well padded adjustable packpack strapsCons -- Limited Protection; this is not a hard case and it will not provide much protection from a serious impact- Appearance; this is not awe-inspiring to look at, being very basic and the \"World Tour\" logo looks a little \"cheesy\"This was a good choice for the limited, light use it gets from us.Recommended!CFH overallrating 4   lineend
name Danyelle Mulin review  This is a fine bag for a guitar, I got it for my brother...I'm not a music person but its good overallrating 5   lineend
name David V. Locker review  I don't know who would need better unless you traveled a lot where you might need the hard case.  This one surpassed my expectations.Months into using the Gig Bag and not a single problem.  The pockets are packed with books, tools, and strings.The shoulder straps make carrying the bag across town a breeze. overallrating 5   lineend
name Harry Reimer review A great universal bag. I can put everything in this bag from my 12 string to my hollow body. Has great pockets to carry your picks, strings, and tuners. The padding is better that I expected. It does have a red strip on this if your concerned about color. overallrating 4   lineend
name Island Girl review Arrived on schedule.  Sturdy, with adequate padding to protect my &#34;babies&#34;.  Three zipper pockets to hold cords, mics, capos and tuners as still have room for keys and combs.  I own several gig bags, and this is my favorite. overallrating 5   lineend
name Leo of San Francisco. review  Received item when promised, fits great for my Yamaha Acoustic Electric, but carry with care, remember Acoustics are hollow body and can bust if dropped, great zipped pockets. overallrating 5   lineend
name M. Pope review This case is very durable, nice heavy duty zippers and pockets for storage. The 20mm is perfect to protect instrument during travel. The red piping in the picture is more maroon in real life. overallrating 5   lineend
name Peter Holub review I bought a Hollowbody without a case and wanted a gig bag in case I decided to take it anywhere. The prices of the other bags ranged from more than double this one to almost four times. I have other guitars and they all have cases and I might never actually take this guitar anywhere so I didn' twant to spend a lot. Price was a big issue. The guitar fits great. The bag is well padded and I can't believe the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Squidsmom review I purchased this for my daughter who is 10.  She is learning to play guitar and needed a bag to protect the new guitar I bought her.  This bag has plenty of storage, offers good protection and the guitar fit perfectly.  I am going to purchase another one for my guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name AllThingsTech review  Decent quality.  Cheap price.  We'll see how long it lasts.  But, for now, does the trick.  I think the odds of be becoming rich and famous have increased because of this stand. overallrating 4   lineend
name applegd07 review This is a very good and stable stand. Light, strong, and very balanced. It makes my guitar feel secure. It is also ideal for travel since when folded can just be slipped into a small bag. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dr Jay review  This is my favorite light weight guitar stand, simple and does the job.  I try to avoid the stands with lever locking mechanisms at the neck rest which are a pain in the arse when you are trying to switch guitars on the fly.  These are lightweight and collapsible so you can take them anywhere, and are sturdy enough for 'normal' use.  If you're a klutz no guitar stand will be sufficient unless it is encased in carbonite. overallrating 5   lineend
name DrummerLD review I have my 12 string on this stand when I'm taking a break from practicing (as you know, a case is where you should store your guitars, not on a stand). It is easy to assemble. You'll pay a lot more money for stands that do the job just as well as this one. if you're gigging, I might suggest a higher priced stand, but for occasional travel and home use, this will do the trick. overallrating 4   lineend
name Evan Anderson review This guitar stand does NOT find hidden treasure. It does NOT hypnotize beautiful women. It does NOT fix your transmission. It does NOT tell your boss to give you a raise.It just holds onto your guitar when you don't see any reason to put into a case. It's sturdy, reliable and to the point. No gimmicks, nothing flashy. Just a guitar stand that is reasonably priced. If you need one, might as well be this one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Frank N. Stein review I bought 3 of these because of the ridiculously low price...I figured I'd get my money's worth from them regardless.  They work fine.  So well, that I thought I would buy a few more for the studio.  The price went up nearly 50% on them though.  BAH. overallrating 4   lineend
name JPfromOH review There are a fair number of similar tripod guitar stands out there for about the same cost.  If one of your pet peeves with some of these is that the U-shaped support falls out when you carry the assembled stand around, then you'll especially like the World Tour stand.  The way that the U-shaped piece inserts makes it far less susceptible to falling out. And, although it is, as one other reviewer put it, \"minimalistic,\" this stand has a substantial feel to it.  I'm quite happy with this purchase, and would buy another World Tour again, rather than one of the other brands that I own.  Amazon.com did a great job, too, getting this out to me. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mason K review This stand is very nice, it is black and it does its job very well. It also has a strap on the top holder to secure the guitar when it is on the stand. It is like an added bonus. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Livote review  I've bought quite a few guitar stands off of Amazon in the past few years, and I've paid for the most expensive ones and the cheapest ones, and this is the best one I've found yet. Very sturdy, well made, and fully height adjustable, with strong soft foam to protect your precious guitars from getting all scratched up. It states that cellulose finishes can be damaged, so at least it lets you know that ahead of time(most cheap stands don't), so that's a good thing as well. Don't waste more money than you have to for a good quality stand, grab this one! overallrating 5   lineend
name OfficeBoy review This seems like a nice product, but maybe I'm doing something wrong.  I can't get the bottom guitar support to lock in place.  It twists around and that makes it a little hard to put the guitar in place.  Maybe there is something I need to do differently? overallrating 3   lineend
name Risenheart Consulting review I got two of these for my electric bass and rhythm guitars.  Great little stands at a great price.  They are sturdy, easy to assemble and adjustable.  I'd suggest this to anyone needing a guitar stand. overallrating 4   lineend
name Zane V. Simon review I ordered two of these stands and they work very well! Definitely keeps my guitars a lot safer than having them leaning against things. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. T. Corneto review  Case  arrived in great condition.Quite Roomy, fits my Vendetta AND/Or my Les Paul - Two exterior pockets for tools, extras, etc.2x Thicker padding than the Epiphone gig bag I got for the LP, but all these have to do is protect and keep dust away - I'm not hauling them to shows...Get One. overallrating 5   lineend
name Earle G review  Nice bag with great features. It is slightly large for a Telecaster or Stratocaster but works fine for either.I actually swapped another bag, putting a Les Paul Jr in this one and a Tele in the Gibson bag as theGibson bag was a really tight fit for the LP JR. headstock. overallrating 5   lineend
name Guitarman review I am deployed to middle east and beat my guitars up pretty good.  I have 3 World Tour bags to keep my axes safe!  Nice padding, nice features. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Livote review  This is a great gig bag for the money. It has more padding than I thought it would have, has very strong construction, and plenty of places to store stuff like sheet music and cables. The carry handle and shoulder straps are well padded and comfortable to use as well. It's even reasonably water proof, handling the light rain shower well with zero leaks. For the money, this is the best one I've bought on Amazon, and will certainly buy it again in the future. Highly recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name M. Platt review  ers mentioned. Just open it up and let it air out in a part of the house where it won't bother anyone and it's fine after a day or two.One last thing about this bag is that it has a handle right up near the headstock. I did not know this but wow I had no idea how useful that could be. I tend to carry my guitar, in bag, up and down stairs a lot and being able to hold it in two places is extremely useful. Then you have the backpack handles as an option as well. I really cannot recommend this bag enough. I do agree with the other user who said the log on it is a little kiddie like, but I don't really care, the bag is too perfect for me to be bothered by that, and while the padding is great, I would not recommend this bag for checking your bag for air travel. It would be fine if you use it as a carry on but would not protect much in checked baggage, in case you want it for that kind of thing. I don't travel long distances with my guitar but if I did, I would use a hard case only for that as I have seen too many horror stories of smashed guitars on airlines lately.Hope that helps anyone out there looking for a gig bag with tons of room for your gear! overallrating 5   lineend
name P. Panehal review This bag is well padded, has backpack straps to carry comfortable, and several pockets to hold cable, extra strings, picks, and much, much more. For the price, I feel like it is a steal. Some people complain about the smell. It kind of smells like motor oil. It is strange, but being I have been around that smell so much, it doesn't bother me. Be warned about it though. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rob M. review Got this for an SG-style guitar, and it fits with plenty of room.  This is a better quality bag than an &#34;average&#34; bag, but with a couple of comments:1.  It smells like an industrial rubber factory upon opening.2.  The large, main zipper is easy to close but somewhat difficult to unzip.  Surprised me because it's a large-toothed zipper.3.  Construction seems to be pretty good.  This is not a hard case, but to get a guitar from point A to B, it works just fine.4.  Padding is sufficiently thick.  It's not a paper thin bag, but it's not thick enough that the guitar would survive a drop.Would I get another one?  Probably, as long as the use was long term storage or to travel small distances.  Otherwise, I'd get a soft sided hard case (the new wave of Styrofoam cases) or a regular old hard sided case. overallrating 4   lineend
name R. W. Milyard review  I have seven of these that I use on my Ibanez AM73's, but they are perfect for anyAM series guitars (like the 93).The bag is well padded, and not to expensive.It seems it is always on back order which tells me they are very popular.The dimensions are: 41\"L, 14\"W at Bout, and 3\" Deep. It has two large zippers; the head zipper goes all the wayaround, and the bout zipper stops before entering the bottom area which is the ONLY draw back to thisgig bag, as with ALL deeper guitars, you want the bottom (bout) zipper to at least complete the bottom areato make placing and removing easier.This is the best gig bag I have found in the last few years for the smaller bout guitars that does not cost too much. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sirius review This is a great bag, regardless of cost. The fact that it sells for less than $20 makes it an absolutely fantastic deal. (Free shipping only makes it that much better.) Unlike some other reviewers, I have not noticed any objectionable smell. I will attest to the fact that it is very well constructed. The fabric itself is a heavy cordura material, the zippers and pulls are heavy duty too, and the padding is stiff and thick enough to afford your (solid body) guitar some very substantial protection. (I would estimate the padding, which is entirely concealed within the cordura, to be approximately three-quarters of an inch thick.) In addition to the main carry handle at the side, there is another in back, at the top, as well a pair of backpack-style straps, so finding a convenient means of carrying your guitar shouldn't be any kind of an issue. The two zippered accessory pouches (for picks, a spare set of strings, and perhaps some music) are also a nice touch. In my opinion, this bag could easily sell for twice the price and still be considered a bargain. As it is, it's very cheap insurance for my Epi Les Paul II. overallrating 5   lineend
name The Count review This quality bag would probably cost more like $35+ at your local music store. Appears well made, has good padding and several pockets for strings, picks, cable, whatever. Taking one star off for the slightly bothersome smell (also mentioned by other reviewers). Not terrible, but somehow chemical. Hope it goes away soon. overallrating 4   lineend
name chris review I bought a Pedaltrain pedal board and I have 6 individual stomp boxes that are crammed onto it. I originally bought Hosa connectors and they are high quality and have a low profile, but the selection of lengths is limited. I bought this kit with a little trepidation and proceeded to re-do the board. I swear I was done in 20 minutes!! The board looks awesome with all the cables cut to perfect length. These cables are dead silent and the connectors are high quality. The supplied cutting tool works as described and the only thing you need is a small-tip, flathead screwdriver with a medium size handle so you can firmly drive the locking screw into the cable for the final step. I could have saved some money if I had just bought these first instead of a bunch of random length patch cables. overallrating 5   lineend
name E.I.E.I. Owen review The good thing about the Cable Station is you can make your own cables at custom lengths so you can have a neater pedal board without the need to solder the connections in place. All you have to do is cut the cable flush, insert it into the \" plug with a twisting motion, and then turn the setscrew on the side of the plug until it is tight.As a benefit, if there is a shorting of the signal all you need to do is find the offending cable, remove the plug, cut the cable, and insert the end back into the plug.Great right?Well, not really.As far as reliability goes, nothing can really replace the connection that is properly soldered. With the money you spend, you could easily get a decent soldering iron, some old cable, and some cheap plugs from Radio Shack and practice. In the end, you can by bulk cable and connectors and make them as needed.I have used this product and had to re-cut several cables at different times but only to cables that have been constantly moved around. The other ones that are more permanent haves not given me trouble, but I have experienced problems in the past. Always have a few spares that have been tested.Another annoying thing is that they give you more cable than connectors, I would think 15 connectors would be more sufficient.Is it easier than soldering? Yes.Are they reliable? For the most part, yes.Will I continue using the product? Yes, because I usually have spares.Why do I use them then? I'm lazy.This is from the Cleartone cables website about gold connectors:Don.t waste your money if you are being asked to pay extra for gold plated connectors. The thin soft gold (5-10 microns) .flash. plating looks cool, but scrapes off easily and the brass aterial underneath stops you from seeing that the gold has worn off! The brass eventually  tarnishes and causes crackling when the plug moves or twists in the socket contacts.It is true that gold is a very good conductor of electricity when mated with a gold plated socket. But the sockets inside your guitar amplifier and guitar are not usually gold, so there can be virtually no benefit to gold plated plugs. overallrating 3   lineend
name James L. Maxey review I am a tech as well as a guitar player. I also have spent time in the past Teaching soldering. But these cables seem to be well made with good solderless connections. Most of us know by now that there's a lot of hype but it really comes down to Good Quality Cable (This Seems to be) Good Stable Connectors (These seem to be) & the connections between the two that last (Time will tell). All I know is I have Hand Soldered Special plugs with Good Cable to only have them break with use and I expect the same with these especially in a high use situation where they are plugged & unplugged often.- I do know these are signal clean & do Not bleed f highs & that is critical in my book.- They are Very Easy to use & can be done on Stage between or before sets very quickly and with NO Soldering & I Love that!I will definitely use these again unless I find a longevity problem.LM overallrating 5   lineend
name Perry D review Very good quality cable and plugs. Easy to make custom length cables from 3 inches to 30 ft. My pedal board looks so professional and uncluttered that I actually made room for 1 more because there was no extra wire to get in the way. overallrating 5   lineend
name Reviewer review This is one of my favorite music purchases in a while. Cleans up your gear's appearance tremendously. Very easy to use and lots of extra cable length. overallrating 5   lineend
name William B. Mattes review  What can I say? I started out with a couple of pedals, then a wah, then more, then a board for them, and sooner or later all those 6&#34; cords are either in the way, too short or whatever. I do like the male-male offset connectors to bring pedals together but sometimes on a board you've got odd distances. This kit does the trick, and truly was easy to use. Only once did I create a plug with a bad connection and had to redo it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  ers attest that it is easy to strip out the bolt if you over-tighten so be very, very careful.I will keep mine but if I had to purchase a second unit I would not buy this one because I dont like flimsy junk and I feel even my large dog could knock this down and break the dang thing. overallrating 3   lineend
name Bob review  I bought this to replace a folding stand that was just not strong enough to hold up under the weight of some of my guitar books. This stand works great for me, and hold even the largest of my music and tab books.The construction is much better than other portable stands I've used in the past, and has two great features that I really appreciate. One is it's height adjustable, and two is the tilting head. The tilting head is a real bonous on a portable stnad, and this one works great.For the price this stand is a great buy that I would recommend to anyone, but being primarily a guitarist this stand is execptional. With the page holders tilting head and height adjustability this is one of the best stand purchases a guitarist can make. overallrating 5   lineend
name Coffee Drinker review Of course, this stand is not nearly as solid feeling as my much-heavier, solid-metal music stand I use at home. It does twist around a bit when you handle it. On the other hand, it's much lighter, collapsible, and it goes inside my practice bag instead of being a piece of furniture that takes another hand to lug. For my practices and rehearsals I want to travel light. This stand fits that bill, and its desk angle is adjustable so it works well for large fake books and for a single lead sheet. I had two pieces of thin plexiglass cut at my local hardware store to sandwich separate sheets of music so I have no problems with wind or with three-sheet-wide scores. I've never had a sturdiness problem with this stand, and I've never had it tip over, but I am careful not to tighten the knobs more than necessary, and I set the legs to their sturdiest position. I always play sitting, so height is not a consideration for me. But I have measured it and found that at its highest elevation the bottom of the sheet music is 50\ review s are two or three years old, and I wonder if this stand was the same design then that it is now. It IS a lightweight stand and I take care with the knobs, but I certainly would not call it flimsy.One discrepancy that might be important to you: The stand they delivered to me this month (October 2011) was NOT a \"two section\" stand, as advertised. It's all in one section and it collapses down to a 20\" length that fits in my practice bag. I actually consider this a plus since it makes it quicker and easier to erect at rehearsals. I bought one of these Hisonic Signature stands a few years back, but they've changed it a bit. That one definitely was in two sections, and I made the top section into an excellent table-top book stand. That older one also had folding-clip-type clamps for each section instead of the turn-knob-screw-in type of clamps. overallrating 4   lineend
name James I Van Asten review It may be a challenge to assemble it.I personally found it a challenge to assemble it but that is just how I am wired.I am not 'good' at putting things together without help.Good product after you get it assembled.James :) overallrating 3   lineend
name Jerry E. Semler review As a newbie violin student I needed a music stand.  Having purchased many things before through Amazon.com, I have learned to trust the customer reviews which get posted (remembering that there will always be a few cranks).  This music stand got good reviews and I can say that I too am very happy with it.  I would recommend this purchase to any one. overallrating 5   lineend
name KP review This stand is a little difficult to open.  The top the gets very stuck and turned the wrong way.  Other than that the stand collapses very small into the black bag that came with it. overallrating 3   lineend
name Barron Family review Its easy to set up and use. Simple instructions are on a sticker on the bottom of it. I re soak it easy 2-3 weeks or so. Can't tell if it's truly working on my maple wood ukulele. overallrating 5   lineend
name B Perry review  I have been using Hercos for for many years. They are simple to use and offer my banjos good humidification.  I place a Herco in the neck section of the case and another in the section where the head sits.For guitars I place a Herco near the peg head and a stringed instrument humidifier that slips between the strings in the other. Great insurance against damage to instruments owing to dryness. overallrating 5   lineend
name debi review I like these humidifiers.  Works if you keep it with instrument in your case, and upkeep is minimal.  Work on all strings very well, but be careful, easy to fall out of case, so just be careful! overallrating 5   lineend
name Fallbrookdave review Stuck one in my guitar case to keep it just the right humidity. A must have for us dry Californians. overallrating 4   lineend
name James E. Perkins review It doesn't seem to work. I think maybe mine was damaged or something because it doesn't seem to absorb any water. overallrating 1   lineend
name Joyce Kaiser review I was taking lessons from a very qualified instructor and he mentioned that I need a humidifier for my guitar. At first I was not sure what I was looking for. I found the product without too much difficulty. I had learned from my instructor that these are small, placed on the hole of the guitar, and was definitely needed to keep the guitar in good playing condition. I started looking through the computer pages and settled on the Herco Guitar Humidifier because of the recommendations of thew product. Now I feel I made a wise choice and will be able to keep my quitar playing good vibrations, and good music! overallrating 5   lineend
name MetalFan review Herco is a Jim Dunlop company and this little humidifier was suggested to me through someone who has used them for awhile. Dunlop is a trusted brand in guitar maintenance for the most part. I wanted to stay away from the typical humidifiers due to their tendencies to leak and stain the guitar wood. I have used this for a few weeks now and it still remians moist. The product came fast and the instructions are straight forward. I may order another if this one performs well. overallrating 4   lineend
name Rolf J Craven review I used to use the Martin tube thing that you stick between the strings.  But it was a bit of a pain.  You had to soak it, then drain it, then wipe it.  Even then, I worried about it dripping on the inside of the guitar.  This is much easier and the guitar sounds great.  Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charlo review Great slap echo sound.  Do not buy this with the expectation that it will act like a digital delay- it's closer to a reverb.  It provides an echo sound similar to if you were playing in a room covered in tile (an old engineering trick!).  Great for old school rock and roll, rockabilly, chicken pickin etc.  This will fatten up the sound of a dry amp.  As with all FAB pedals, I find the knob placement slightly annoying, but at this price point you can't really make a justifiable complaint.  Construction quality is somewhat cheap but the knobs feel solid and it has not failed me in more than a year. overallrating 4   lineend
name Joe Bouler review This pedal works but doesn't have the depth of echo I expected. I doesn't even come close to the same sound quality of my old Dan Echo DE-1 pedal.  That certainly explains the difference in price. You get what you pay for. I'm using it with a Fender Eighty-Five solid state amp. I tried it with other amps and it sounds the same. If you're looking for a good slap echo effect, I would recommend spending more money and buy the Dan Echo DE-1 pedal or even the Danelectro BLT slap echo pedal is less expensive than the Dan Echo, but still sounds better than the FAB echo pedal. The FAB echo pedal works and you can hear a definite difference with and without it. It's just not as good as I expected. I'm sorry I bought it and I don't recommend this pedal. There are much better ones on the market. Shop around. overallrating 3   lineend
name MetalFan review These FAB pedals are cheap and mostly mediocre, but I bought this on a whim to use with a Fender tube amp and it works well. As other reviewers have stated, the pedal does not have very good build quality but it seems to hold up okay as long as it's not abused. I use the echo with both a telecaster and a cigar box guitar for vintage effects.I have found that the delay works well around 50 percent and the mix can be modulated to make a good mix of reverb and delay. I don't know if I would gig with this pedal or any othe FAB pedal because of my tendency to step hard on a pedal in live environments, but it serves it's purpose well and is cheaper than alot of other delay and echo pedals if you just need a basic effect. I have seen info about modding the pedal to control the delay and may do this in the future.I have alot of other pedals and I tried this pedal with a jazz bass, with some EQ tinkering, I found a good mix of echo. I originally saw a youtube video of a bass player using a D-4 and thought it would be a good idea. Again, Danelectro makes a higher end echo pedal which probably does a better job with delay, but this is a good deal and was $100 dollars cheaper than my Electro Harmonix Memory Boy pedal and sounds cool as a vintage vibe with an old amp. overallrating 4   lineend
name MrGizmo review I've needed one of these for my fender amp, yes I used to spend time dialing in the delay pedal for the rockabilly/blues numbers and if my settings got messed up, well, that would slow the show down. I wish my fender amp had this built into the amp but it didn't. This pedal makes playing rockabilly on my fender simple fast and easy. Really quick to setup and use. It's not a delay unit, it's not versatile either, but what it does, it does perfect! overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr Goop review The Danelectro FAB  series of pedals offer a great sound without digging into your budget.  The D-4 Slap Echo effects pedal works great and gives me that Old Tube Amp Reverb sound that you would only expect from a more expensive unit.  There's no fancy bells and whistles but just good old manual adjustments that lets you dial in the sound you want with no effort at all..  This series of pedals ( FAB ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well.  Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but that's my view!!!.  You can't go wrong with this product, Danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product...I have six Danelectro effects pedals and they all work great... overallrating 5   lineend
name paul day review this is perfect for playing rockabilly or country music.the case is made of plastic but seems sturdy as long as you dont stomp on it too hard. but for 20 dollars its well worth the price.  this is a great product and i highly recomend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pa user review I'm sure this isn't the best echo pedal (or even in the top 100), but it serves it's purpose fairly well. Stacking with other cheap danelectro pedals will degrade your tone but it isn't something that most of us can't live with. for 14.99 us it's worth taking the risk IMHOUpdate: The pedal gave up the ghost (died) In a relatively short amount of time. I replaced it with  mini modtone type delay.... I actually like the dano sound better, but the modtone will do for a slapback and it is built way better. overallrating 3   lineend
name Peter Faden review  I admit, i was really just curious how good a $15 pedal could possibly be, so i figured i would try one out. I had played some Danelectro stuff in the past (a baritone guitar and an amp many years ago) and remembered being satisfied with their stuff. Anyway, i figured since the pedal was so cheap, why not try it out.You know, it is a pretty decent stompbox. The slap echo is a good enhancement effect, meaning, it isnt really over the top....just gives you a mellow, reverb-ish echo...not quite delay, not quite reverb...kind of somewhere in between. I have since added it to my stompbox set up for that little something different. Not bad at all. I cant speak to battery life though, since i use an adapter combo to power all my effects. For kicks, try it out with some distortion and/or overdrive, and a wah....Anyway....Enjoy! overallrating 4   lineend
name Shawn review Is the the best pedal ever? Not even close. Does it do EXACTLY what you want a simple slap-back echo/reverb to do? Absolutely! I almost always have it on just to add a little depth to my synth or guitar sound. It can give you a decently wet surf-ish sound or a fast delay, rockabilly sound. It's not super versatile but if you're looking for a little depth and color for under $20 then this is what you need.I mean, COME ON! It works, it's cheap, and it doesn't take up much room on your pedal board! overallrating 4   lineend
name S. Thompson review  It has a 1950's slap back echo Its good for the price No putting It down for Sounding bad as with most Danelecto products and probably higher price and lower price products used the same circuits. If You want something that Is just reverb without all the slap back then Behringer DR600 which I use for Vocal for Guitar I use RV600 which has space verb and ducking also called shimmer. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wilhelmina Zeitgeist review  I bought one of these pedals 3 years ago, along with some of the other Danelectro pedals in this line, and was happy with it. The sound I get with it is very, very cool. After a while it just stopped working. While I was disappointed at that moment I just ordered another one the next time I was online. You can't beat the price. If it does stop working after after a few years of use, you aren't looking at paying $90 or more for a new pedal. All of my other Danelectro pedals are still working just fine so it may have been a fluke in the electronics or I just used it to death. An electrical engineer friend and I took the pedal apart to try and fix it but decided it wasn't worth taking up our time since I could replace for $15. So I ordered another one. Definately get an adapter for this. Yes, it's casing is plastic but quite sturdy. Just don't jump on it like you're trying to put out a fire when turning it on and off. Guitars and effects are the tools of a musican's trade not the hammer and nails of a builder's. Think about getting a 1 Spot adapter so you can chain several pedals to one outlet. If you would rather use batteries for each of your pedals...well...I'd suggest buying them by the gross. Any effects pedal made by any company is going to eat batteries like a stoner eats potato chips. Used alone or with other effects, the Danelectro Fab Slap Echo Effects Pedal will be sure to delight your auditory kinesthesis. overallrating 5   lineend
name William review good price for effect  if your looking for a bit of echo then this is for you.  I have amps that have this feature that due a better job. overallrating 3   lineend
name jose review It's a flange pedal, what else? For the price I was really happy with it. If I knew someone who was more skilled than me I'd get the workings inside a different case. The shape is cool, but I'd feel safer with it in a metal casing. The button is smaller than I thought, but it's not an issue at all; it's kinda easier to press!As for someone like me who is starting to get into pedals, for the price just to see how they work and if you want to invest in this realm, I would recommend this! overallrating 5   lineend
name Guitarist, Bassist, Gamer review The regen control goes to very strong deep levels that will rumble the floor at the lower end (My fender excelsior with it's 15 inch speaker rattled the walls) of its sweep and can give a very cool effect. I notice very little tone suck with the pedal bypassed. Also, the speed know has a great range with 5+ second sweeps to super fast leslie and univibe like tones. The depth knob does it's job. It doesn't have a manual knob to move the sweep, but I leave the depth all the way up most of the time so it's no big deal. For the price, this was perfect for trying out a discreet flanger pedal instead of the one built into my Vox modeling amp. overallrating 5   lineend
name kbgulfcoast review -1 star for plastic...otherwise excellent , YouTube has many reviews on these,The FAB pedals are great values,For what a flanger is for me, this is perfect, great sounds great price. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mr Goop review The Danelectro FAB  series of pedals offer a great sound without digging into your budget.  The D-6 Fab Flange effects pedal works great and gives me that wobble phase shift you would only expect from a more expensive unit...  This series of pedals ( FAB ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well.  Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but that's my view!!!.  You can't go wrong with this product, Danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product...I have six Danelectro effects pedals and they all work great... overallrating 5   lineend
name paul day review the case is made of plastic so care should be taken in stomping on it but the product is so much fun!!! this thing is so worth the 20 dollars that i paid for it and more! wide sweeping flange effect, great harmonics and little power useage.  well worth the investment!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Ipodcrazy review I'm a fanatic about my frets looking shiny and polished.  I want them to be slick when I bend notes.  If you polish too hard or too often with steel wool, it can wear down your frets.  These micro abrasive sheets do a great job without harming your frets.  I watched a Youtube demo and that sold me on ordering them.  I think Amazon had the best price. overallrating 5   lineend
name MAURICIO S TAVARES review My frets were completely whited after using one of these sheets. I recommend using it togheter with a metal cleaner and you will return your frets to original factory bright. Incredible! overallrating 5   lineend
name Peter D. Page review I opened the package for the first time and didn't think much of it, but the cloth works great on cleaning frets and even the cardboard template does its job.  Obviously, cardboard isn't going to last so purchase metal templates and use the cloths. overallrating 5   lineend
name Scott review The sheets seem to work fine to polish the frets but the template is cut from the cardboard box which obviously isn't going to last long.  Also, trying to hold the cardboard on the neck is a pain and my finger is killing.I'm going to go buy a fret eraser and be done with it. overallrating 1   lineend
name Walter NYC review Will this replace a pro fret job? Nah...That said this works great for use a few times a year to clean the frets an make them shiny and smooth.End results[...] overallrating 5   lineend
name aceofbase review I use this all the time for testing audio cables and it works great! It's got an all metal housing and seems sturdy too. Battery lasts for months. Well done Behringer! overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review Solidly built, small tester that can easily be carried around in a gig bag.  There isn't really much in the way of instructions, but the LEDs are fairly well labeled and straight forward enough to figure it out. overallrating 4   lineend
name AncientRocker review If you are in a band or a sound guy for a band you gotta have one of these. The time and stress saved by not depending on trial and error to eliminate good/bad cable is priceless. Bottom line!!! eliminate a variable and audio problems are faster and easier to solve. overallrating 5   lineend
name Captn' Bob review A must have in every gig bag for checking all your cables.  I keep this with my battery tester for my active's.  Sure eliminates a lot of guess work at this first hint of audio trouble.  Easy to use and economical product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gregg Bergman review If you'd ever been setting up on stage and discover hum or hiss this box is for you. It will find a bad or intermittent calbe in a heart beat. It will locate a shorted XLR or an open ground fast. Don't go onto the stage without one on these boxes. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jhoc review We bought this tester for our son to use for his band's equipment set-up. It appears to be well constructed, and should help to diagnose problems with cables as they work through equipment connection issues. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lee review I have been using this tester for about a year to test out my XLR cables and those that I come into contact with at work. It works but does not detect all faults (only non intermittent ones), it comes in a durable enough housing and is compact enough to take everywhere. overallrating 4   lineend
name Micheal D. Prater review  Does a great job of checking cords. Was able to eliminate a lot of bad cords from my stash. Tests multiple types of cords also! overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Black review I picked up this Behringer CT100 cable tester because it takes the guesswork out of maintaining a cable collection. The unit does its job very well and it helped me find several bad cables that I previously thought were ok. It is well built and sturdy. The bottom of the tester has sharp metal corners and screws that could damage a wooden table. I suggest you get some adhesive rubber pads to support the underside.Although the machine itself is good, the accompanying documentation is awful. It presupposes a working knowledge with audio equipment that many users may lack. For example, it does not include illustrations of how the LCD readout should look when a cable is good or bad. I had to go to an audio engineering forum to find a diagram. As it turns out, the Behringer CT100 is an inexpensive knockoff of the Morley Swizz Army cable tester. The manual for the Morley unit is available online and it has diagrams that make the testing easier to understand. overallrating 4   lineend
name Rick Langdon review  This thing will test most all the cables a musician will use ... rugged, reliable and simple to understand ... for the price, it is hard to beat ... overallrating 4   lineend
name Seph review Idiot-proof, compact, extremely sturdy. All metal enclosure with good quality jacks, simple to understand LED readouts. Runs on 2 AA batteries.Features that set this apart from the slightly cheaperPyle-Pro PCT10are:-'Test tone' function which sends a known volume signal down the line. Very helpful in level adjustments down long chains of equipment.-'Intermittent' issue indication - This is what made me choose this model. If there's even the shortest dropout, the LEDs indicate it. Intermittent issues are the most annoying and can be difficult to troubleshoot.My only complaints:-The a small screw holding the battery cover on stripped immediately when initially inserting batteries. It was like carving a bar of soap with a knife. Quite frustrating. Used my Dremel to change it from phillips into a slotted screw, and managed to get it out.-There's an included belt clip that attaches with two screws on the back. This clip blocks access to the battery compartment, which is ridiculous. Luckily I have no need for the clip. I used one of the screws intended for the clip as a replacement to the stripped battery cover screw.-No rubber feet on the bottom + metal enclosure + battery cover screw = sliding around and marring whatever it sits on. I stuck some re-purposed rubber feet on the bottom.After the few 'problem solving' situations mentioned above, this thing is a 5 star product. Too bad they couldn't go the extra step to make it 5 star out of the box. overallrating 4   lineend
name will review For the price, it's worth it I guess. If you just want to try it, go for it, that's what I got it for. It sounds nice and adds a cool tone to my setup, but after playing on a few more expensive chorus pedals I would suggest saving up if you really need a chorus pedal. But for the price it's not too bad.Oh, and the casing isn't like a wimpy plastic knife plastic. it's pretty durable. Albeit don't throw this on concrete and expect great results but it could stand a few stomps. overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review I mean you paid 15$ for a pedal that if you want to buy from the BOSS it's about 6times this price and if you want it behringer it's about twice this price. It does what is supposed to and it doesn't have a cheap look. For home and garage entertainment is good enough. I was trying this pedal before i buy any other pedal from the same brand, but now that i know that i like it i'm going to buy the distortion (red) one. i'm only sad they don't make a noise gate or something similar. That would be the top of the deal. overallrating 4   lineend
name An Engineer review The Chorus is subtle... but it seems lacking to me. It is subtle but really weak compared to the classic rich ibanez chorus i have. overallrating 2   lineend
name Claudia A. Portillo review the effect it self is fine, but it is too noisy even though u don't dime it, for the price, and for this product, it is u get what u pay for. overallrating 3   lineend
name grandpa review  This puppy sounds fantastic. The controls allow the effect to be adjusted from very faint to over the top Chorus with deep and intense sound. The controls are on the front, as are the in/out plugs, so it is a little tight when adjusting the knobs. Very reasonable pricing. Uses a 9V battery or 9V adaptor. It has a retro look and an old school sound, perfect. overallrating 5   lineend
name Greg Runyon review  fast delivery, works perfectly...I have 3 of the Danelectro effects pedals... hard to say which I prefer most cause they all have an individual and distinct sound...I'm partial to the chorus ...good item overallrating 5   lineend
name kbgulfcoast review It's plastic that's 1 star deduction, but in this case, very pleased overall. The effect here isn't to take off to another planet of sound but all set at middle 12 o'clock this pedal is awesome, and really appealing.Several other combinations are excellent too.  Check YouTube there's plenty on this, great price pedal. overallrating 4   lineend
name MrGizmo review How many times did I tweak a chorus pedal for hours and in the end decided I didn't need chorus at all. This pedal is not like that, not much to tweak but the chorus is great. Sweetens my cleans, makes the blues sound groovy and fattens the power chords. I even like it with the bass. Just a great chorus with not much to tweak. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr Goop review The Danelectro FAB  series of pedals offer a great sound without digging into your budget.  The D-5 Chorus effects pedal works great and gives me that soft phase shift you would only expect from a more expensive unit...  This series of pedals ( FAB ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well.  Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but that's my view!!!.  You can't go wrong with this product, Danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product...I have six Danelectro effects pedals and they all work great... overallrating 5   lineend
name NW_OR_USA review Yes, this pedal is made of plastic. Yes it is inexpensive. But don't be fooled- unless you really mash on the switch button like an idiot, or over torque the battery cover screw too hard with a screw driver and strip out the plastic threads- it is pretty tough and durable. The chorus effect has plenty of adjustment, tone, and depth. It may not be a Boss pedal, but for $15.99 you are getting a tremendous value and it sounds very good. I was so impressed with these inexpensive pedals I now own 4 or 5 of them. As a hobbyist guitar player who does not want to invest hundreds of dollars into multiple effects pedals- I am into 4 or 5 of them PLUS associated cables and a power adapter for about the same amount than I could buy ONE Boss or other high quality pedal for.I would also recommend buying the Danelectrode 9V power adapter if you use multiple pedals. You can also buy a 5 gang power cable and daisy chain up to 4 or 5 pedals from the same power supply to make your own pedal board. If you have multiple Danelectro pedals it is a clean way to tie them together. I also bought some short 6 inch instrument cables and daisy chained the pedal inputs/outputs together so I can have mixed effects, or have each one independently.These pedals have been used almost daily for a couple of months now and I have not had one issue with any to date. A few other guitar player friends that have tried mine out are also very impressed by them. Absolutely a 5 star value! overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick H review Got this little guy last night to use with my Squier Tele Custom II, hooked it up and played around with it for a while and it really impressed me for the quality of effect you get for nearly pocket change! I also have a Digitech RP-50 that has multiple effects including different types of chorus and this Fab Chorus sounds better than any of the RP-50's chorus settings.  I am so looking forward to laying down some cool tracks using this with the Tele, my Applause acoustic/electric, and my Squier Vintage Modified 70's bass guitar. And like other folks who've bought this product, I'll most likely be getting some of Danelectro's other Fab boxes and the Dan Electrode power supply. overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review The Danelectro FAB series is supposed to be everything we hate about effects pedals.  Cheap.  Mass-produced.  Housed in a plastic casing.  But the FAB series offers affordable effects ($15 to $20) at surprisingly good quality, and end up sounding as good as some pedals that cost 3 times more.  If this pedal cost $50, I might gripe about how tight together the input/output/9V jacks are.  I might also complain about the weird position of the Mix, Speed, and Depth controls on the top of the unit, or the small footswitch.  But at this price, for it to sound THIS good, I can't complain at all.Don't expect the FAB series to be good at everything.  But if there's and effect out there that you only use once in awhile (especially anything involving modulation or delay), the FAB series is going to do it well, and do it for a fraction of the cost of other pedals.  It's just a great option to have for casual/budget guitarists. overallrating 5   lineend
name WAYA review Gives a nice warped slightly detuned effect to your first at the right settings.(Think Alice in chains, or REALLY distorted live nirvana solo) admittedly not everyone's into the whole grunge tone. But it was what I was looking for.Has some nice shimmers and thickening on other settings too.And hey, you can pretty much get it for pocket change. overallrating 4   lineend
name William review I have yet to find a pedal that can match this little guys desired effect......  If you know how to use it, it really delivers a good effect. overallrating 5   lineend
name zxrslant review  its sound pretty good .. i mean , the range /rate arent as broad as others i've tried ..but i stomp on it regularly.. it cuts my signal a bit .. so i compensate ,,an always leave a bit of extra volume in the bank to make it up..all in all=worth it. overallrating 3   lineend
name Abigail Ferreira review I shopped around local music shops and was discouraged with the prices. Checked out Amazon and was a little skeptical with the reasonable price, but pleasantly surprised when we received it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob Dillin review I got the $50 standard black on black case.  The case arrived within 2 days via UPS during the middle of the Christmas rush! Wow! Very fast shipping and it was adequately packaged and there was no sign of the box being abused in anyway. Regarding the item itself, I am bit lukewarm. I have a $500 Washburn and wanted something more than a gig bag for going to and from gigs and practice sessions. And I got that. Its lightweight, plenty of room in the gear box and on top of the guitar head.  However, the fit is a bit loose and I don't have the sense that this case will stand up to much abuse over time.  So if you have a pricey guitar or are planning to load you guitar in a truck with other gear, or might ship your guitar or take it on a plane, this case is not the one you want to buy. overallrating 4   lineend
name D. Jones review  My Seagull Entourage Rustic fits very snug (I think that is a good thing, not certain) in the case which has a nice faux fur lining and seems well made.I was considering theSeagull Dreadnought Casebut there were no useful pictures or details on the item. I decided to try the Guardian and save a few bucks.Seems like I made a good choice. overallrating 5   lineend
name Handsome Johnny review Guardian?  Well, it is padded, but I've only gigged once since having the item (with 3 rehearsals held prior) and I can say that the case is nicked up \"pretty good,\" as they say in the South.  Yes, it will last, because it is a guitar case, but there's no way there's enough security to protect an instrument on a plane.  Now, that's for flight cases to handle, but don't even come near abusing your instrument while it is housed inside this case, because you may be disappointed to have to buy new parts once the \"guardian\" fails to guard against crushing your hardware.  This item is not one of the better cases out there, but it does suffice, and it does look good.  The first day I got it, someone said, \"nice case, it looks great!\"  Say that now, though, after using it outside the house 4 times, and you'd be a lying SOB. overallrating 3   lineend
name JMAC review  This is a typical inexpensive hardshell guitar case made in China.  I bought it to replace the original (chipboard) case for a 1963 Gibson ES-135 archtop.  Lower bout is 16&#34; wide, upper bout is 12&#34; wide, body is 21 &#34; long, and it's about 5&#34; deep at the bridge.  Fits very snugly in this case which is what I was hoping for.  The case is about 4&#34; longer than the top of the headstock but I didn't expect an exact fit.  The wood shell is thin so don't drop anything on it but it is also lighter than a lot of other cases.  Normal plush fake fur inside with about 3/4 of soft foam all around.  Black tolex on the outside is thin but looks okay.  This is NOT a case to take on the road or if you travel by air but it is adequate for casual use.  Only annoying thing: the case arrived locked.  The keys were, of course, inside the case.  Dumb.  A friend at a music store used a key from another Guardian case to unlock it.  A good reminder that the case latch lock is to keep the latch from popping open and NOT to keep crooks out. overallrating 3   lineend
name Josiah Springman review Great quality, nice interior, and fits my Yamaha F335 perfectly. Solid and steardy case that will last a very long time. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lou review my fav cases ever overallrating 5   lineend
name Aurelio review  Good quality, strong and excellent finish. Nicely priced. A foot rest will help you maintain a good posture while playing, a must for classical players. overallrating 5   lineend
name bk from the states review  It does exactly what it says it does.  My only complaint is I wish it could go a notch or two lower.  But very pleased.  It's cheap and works like a champ overallrating 5   lineend
name Casey D review It's a great versatile foot rest that any guitar player can benefit from, very good value at only $10 not counting shipping, very satisfied. overallrating 5   lineend
name David Aric Jones review I've been on a guitar accessory shopping spree lately, and this is my favorite purchase as of late.  I've bought nice straps, but when I'm practicing for hours at a time, this foot rest is a great reprieve, and literally a weight off my shoulders. overallrating 5   lineend
name David G review Was using a box and this is a great help.  My stomach doesn't feel wrenched anymore.  I use it on my right leg with the guitar on the right leg.  Maybe not as conventional as the classic position but it works for me. overallrating 5   lineend
name E. Reyes review  Great foot rest, it's not flimsy.  But it's not light weight.  I put it in my guitar bag to carry with me and I definitely feel that it's there.  I like that it's adjustable to various heights.  I am short (5'1\") so I usually have it on the highest setting to prop up my left leg when I'm playing classical guitar to get the guitar at the right angle.  But I sometimes adjust it down when I switch it to my right leg and when I'm playing Flamenco and rather than rest the guitar between my legs like in the classical posture, I shift it over to my right leg.  I ended up getting a 2nd one so that I keep the one at the highest setting for when I'm playing classical, and then the other one at the lower setting for my Flamenco playing.  Great foot rest, I recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name EYE4GET review Just what I needed to position my guitar while seated.  I was worried it would not hold the weight, but it does well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joel S Mellor review I was looking for a foot rest for a good value and that is exactly what I got.  There isn't too much to say about it.  It's sturdy.  It's adjustable.  It's a great price.  It really made playing easier for me. overallrating 5   lineend
name Johannes review This little foot stool is really sturdy. It stays in place beautifully. No rocking sideways, no wobbly action.If one of the notches doesn't do it for you, you're screwed: There's no gradual adjustment. But the positions it allows make sense for 99% of players. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jon Norris review  overallrating 4   lineend
name Kathleen B. Janecka review  This is heavy, but strong.  Very comfortable, I cannot carry it around with me, but it works well at home.  I recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark review I like this product, but wish it had a wider foot or base to it for carpeted areas, it does get a little unstable on carpet.  Does fine on hard floors. overallrating 3   lineend
name mjosephl review The other reviews for this foot rest called it sturdy and well built. They were right. It can be adjusted to a number of different heights to suit your particular needs - and based on the design of the stand it will stay where it's put. One of the best parts is that while it is stable enough to be the main foot rest where I play my guitar it can be collapsed flat and it easily fits into a bag or backpack - probably around half of the thickness of a chord book, although heavier, as it is steel with a rubber tread on top. It feels like I will own this for a long time - a well priced, good value.Edit2/2013After owning this for around a year and using it every day I find that it still looks and works like new. I recommend it highly. overallrating 5   lineend
name Seventh-777 review This thing is useless. Good idea, but way too light/rickety to be useful. Unless you're constantly aware of it, 99% of the time you'll end up just kicking it over when you go to put your foot on it. Pass on this. overallrating 1   lineend
name Teagan Mago review This is quality construction.  It's definitely a must.  I'm a taller guy and it's important to have proper posture for longer playing periods.  I'm glad I bought this. overallrating 5   lineend
name theRangel review  I've owned several poor quality foot rests in the past and needed a new one.  This one exceeded my expectations and for the price is an excellent value.I'm 6'2 and weigh 225.  There are numerous adjustment angles that I can switch to and be comfortable and I'm not concerned about the legs bending.  The photo makes them look weaker than they are. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andytoy review I purchased this rack last year to hold my outboard recording gear.  I liked the fact that it was open in the back so I could patch things in and out easily before I bought a patch bay.  I find it very sturdy and well made, and I've loaded it almost completely full.  I do recommend placing the heavier units towards the bottom. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Tapia review great rack.  small enought to fit on top of a table or under it.  light weight but holds a lot.  at some point I had 2 behringer amps, power conditioner and 2 single unit audio processors. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian Mark review First off, most audio racks have that annoying &#34;slide these little metal pieces over the rails and put your screws into them&#34; instead of properly sized holes. Not this one. Not only do the holes get made proper size with threads in them, but it even includes 48 screws so you don't have to try to figure out which of the 3 sizes you've collected over the years is going to fit.I loaded it up with equipment and haven't had a worry about it since. Solid construction and the mounting just works. This one is done right. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cefer review Simple and useful rack stand. Easy to assemble. Easy to mount rack components... but the rubber leg terminals are easy to lose too. A little more interest in the manufacture means more quality. overallrating 3   lineend
name Darren O'Neill review This is exactly the item I needed for my podcasting rig.  It holds my Behringer mixer along with my compressor and my vocal processing box.  It lets me move the whole thing easily out of the way when I need to use my table for something besides podcasting.The stand is easy to assemble and is very well built.  There's nothing bad I can say about it, if you need to hold some audio gear then have no reservations about picking one of these up.  Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name David Basham review This stand is great for my 45lb Peavey 1500. It is a light weight rack and I had to put the amp toward the bottom. I wouldn't put much more in it but it is exactly what I needed. I can grab the rack by the top bracket and move it around easily. Haven't tried gigging with it but if you are gentle I think it would work fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. WALTER review This rack stand is made up of a heavy steel, and welded together very well. I received my rack stand yesterday, and put it together in under 5 minutes. My audio equipment mounted easily, with the 48 INCLUDED mounting screws, and everything looks great, and I don't have to worry about this thing collapsing or falling over. It is very sturdy, and very stable. I recommend this to anyone planning to rack up to 12 audio or networking devices. I will definitely be purchasing another rack stand once I fill this one up. I will add pictures of my rack stand setup shortly. overallrating 5   lineend
name HoboKing67 review I've had it for about a month now and it hasn't fallen apart so I guess that's a plus, but the main issue with this rackmount is that whatever automated machine they used to drill the screw holes is definitely defective, as a large majority of the holes are slightly deformed and will not take in the provided screws and are therefore USELESS.  Thanks to this problem I am only able to use TWO slots out of TWELVE.  It's definitely very frustrating and although the price is tempting, stay away from this. overallrating 1   lineend
name James E. Sink review  it ok, its hard to use the bottom 1u space because of the angle, the gear must be very short to fit the bottom space before hitting your mounting surface....11u rack, not 12u.... overallrating 4   lineend
name ~ Kyle review I use this with my mobile DJ equipment and it is fantastic. Very sturdy and light enough to easily carry. Holes for screw mounts are perfectly placed and allow easy component installation. Plastic covers on the feet came off right away though, but not really a big deal to me. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  I've uploaded customer-supplied images above to show just how much gear one of these is capable of holding and how small the stage or studio footprint is. When you factor in the price it's plain to see that this rack is not only a bargain, but a flexible platform for mounting components.One other characteristic that the images reveals is this is not a table-top only rack. They work very well on the floor.The rack itself is easy to assemble and is built like a tank. I have a bass amp head and a power amp, plus a power conditioner in one of my racks that, combined, weighs around 50 pounds. The rack is not stressed or strained by this weight, and could probably hold another 50 pounds safely and reliably. Another plus is it comes with a bag of high quality mounting screws for components, eliminating that expense (I was expecting to have to orderRaxxess Rack Screws With Washers Hardware (Pack of 25), which turned out to be completely unnecessary.)My only complaint is the rubber feet caps easily fall off, but a little glue rectified that rather trivial problem.If you need portability, reliability and value for smaller gear suites that are frequently moved (such as setting up on stages) this is an ideal solution for rack mounted equipment. I am so pleased with mine that I intend to purchase another one, bringing the total to three. overallrating 5   lineend
name OMEB review I purchased this to help unclutter my desk with some of my recording gear. This stand is very stable and useful! So if you want a cheap way to rack your stuff this is the way to go! overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  The ability to quickly change the range and sensitivity has made it easy to dial in the exact sound you want to hear. It's built like a tank and has worked flawlessly in the time I've had it. Since I normally power it with a wall wart, I don't have much of an opinion about battery life.Bottom Line: It costs a bit more than the standard Dunlop wah pedals, it's worth it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dako review  Sure it's a few bucks more than the standard Crybaby, but totally worth it. Built like a tank, but make sure to apply a little bit of white lithium grease to the gear pieces once a year or so to keep things smooth and reduce wear on the inner workings. overallrating 4   lineend
name jimmy three review for 99 dollars , quit looking at other wah pedals....this one does it all......its so versatile....sounds very authenic 60's too,.....good pedal movement....endless variations in sound avaialable.....it gets a great sound right out of the box ..dig it man,,!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Jorge Maciel A. Dias review  Your option to change the wah configuration is amazing. Only problem is the no DC adapter included, needs buy separately. overallrating 4   lineend
name Kenneth G. Nielsen review  Lunar lander here we come, This pedal will take your playing to the moon. It's easy to use, I recommend getting the 9v AC adapter to save on batteries and avoid the battery hassle. Use the Crybaby with other effect pedals, the uses are endless and fun. I was playing some 'Born On The Bayou' Creedence guitar the other day and wow, It will build your music muscle power to try and keep up with where this pedal wants to send you. A keeper, not like pedals that have no lasting power, this pedal has so much to offer over such a wide range of playing styles. It's right up there with my top five effects pedals of all time. I'm sure I'll be using the Crybaby for the rest of my music life. overallrating 5   lineend
name Peter Padro review Wow!  This is the pedal to own.  There are a lot of good pedals out there, but this one has that original, bright wah tone and a range of features and tonal settings that can take you from 70's quack to surf warble to rock tone sweeps. Just amazing! If you don't have to have a specific dunlop signature pedal, this will get you through most of the tonal range you could imagine. A great purchase and built like a tank. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rexomus review  For years I played the original Cry baby, the Vox Wah, and others I can't remember names of. I was always on a quest for a good wah sound that I just couldn't find. I didn't want to spend $600 on a wah with a rack. So at the recomendation of a studio engineer I purchased this wah about 5 years ago. I am very pleased that I followed that advice because this pedal really has the range of wah I was looking for. The greatest thing about this pedal is that it is customizable. The user dials in the frequency sweep they want. The volume boost is a great feature when you need to play a lead over the live mix. I recomend this wah pedal over all the others, especially the signature series wahs because you can get the same sound out of this unit with a little tweeking. overallrating 5   lineend
name The User review This is the wah I was looking for.  Very versatile and built in boost feature is great too. buy it...you wont regret it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Violet Deliriums review First of all, I love the Crybaby 535Q and I recommend this wah pedal. I will tell you my wah pedal story.Several years ago, I bought a Crybaby GCB-95 and, even though I did not use wah very much at the time, I think it was in the shop twice to get repaired within a year. Fortunately, it never gave out on me during a gig, but it was only a matter of time. Finally, I gave up and just stopped using wah pedals completely.A couple years ago, I bought a Digitech XP-100 whammy wah, mainly for the whammy effects to learn how to do Morello's style. Since it has some digital wah patches was available, I started to use them too and was happy because it doesn't have a treadle that will break like on my GCB-95. The wahs were usable, but just did not sound as good.Finally I was supposed to play Alice in Chains, \"Man in the Box\" and the Digitech was just not going to cut it. So, it was time to get a real wah. I searched around on YouTube for demos and talked to people to see what they used. I chose the 535Q because people told me that they've never had a maintenance problem with them, and it is very versatile.You can get several kinds of wah sounds by tweaking the dials,and they have some great suggestions in the manual to get started. I set mine on the Cantrell setting and have left it there because I mainly use the wah when playing early alternative 90s hard rock styles. That setting works will in songs like RATM, \"Bulls on Parade\" as well, including to create the white noise for scratch DJ sounds.I still do not use wah pedals terribly often, but it is nice to have a reliable wah that can do whatever I need it to by simply adjusting a couple knobs. I think that as long as I need a wah pedal, this one will suit my needs in many styles, and I think it will remain on my pedalboard for years! It is definitely one to consider, and the price is not that bad. overallrating 5   lineend
name cliff pierce review Bought for project Telecaster. Delivered promptly and in excellent shape. Case fits well and is finished nice, Hard to find better case at this low price!. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Gray review  I know most budget guitars don't come with cases, most not even a gig bag anymore. That's the trade-off I guess in the internet age in order to keep costs down. Even my Fender Standard Telecaster came sans-case and I had to coax the salesperson to throw in a gig-bag as an incentive but even that was back in the day. I had not looked at guitar gear in so long that I didn't think about guitar cases until I got the itch to get a new six-string and came across these. They look great, seem well built(I am not a professional touring musician) and apparently do the job.The exterior is covered in black tolex, just like a pricey case, and the gold stitching and plush interior really make this case seem worth much more than the asking price. The storage compartment is adequately sized and there's a simple lock that would only be functional as a safety measure to ensure it stays latched. There are brass feet on the bottom and along the edge to keep it level and prevent damage to the case. It fits both my MiM Tele andSquier by Fender Deluxe Stratocaster Maple Neck, Pearl White Metallicperfectly and I suspect it will do a fine job protecting them.I will be picking up a tweed version for the Telecaster to match up with the style, and my lovely Fender amp. Like I stated, there's no longer any excuse for not having a good guitar case. overallrating 4   lineend
name Drew review This is better than a gig bag, for sure, and looks like it could hold pretty much any standard sized solid body electric. Now, it's not padded really well and doesn't look like it'll hold up for more than a few years, but it was cheap. It seems to be slightly off kilter at the hinges and requires some fidgeting to get the lid closed properly, which is why I drop a star. overallrating 4   lineend
name Josiah Springman review I bought to use for my squire strat. It also fit my tele to. A real good quality case to protect your axe from damage when carrying from gig to gig. overallrating 5   lineend
name PJY review  This is an inexpensive but for the money, well built case. I don't have any complaints. My Fender Strat fits snugly in the lined case and while it isn't the most durable case (I wouldn't use it to ship my guitar) it is strong enough for hauling your guitar from one place to the next. overallrating 4   lineend
name Seventh-777 review I've bought three of these now - this is an awesome, well made case that fits just about any superstrat guitar easily. The most recent was for something rather unique (a fanned fret, compound scale eight string) and that guitar also fit perfectly with plenty of room to spare.There are more expensive options out there, but for a non-fitted \"do it all\" case, this is the best bang for your buck hands down. I am comfortable using it to carry any of my guitars, from the inexpensive ones to the high end customs. Great case, great price. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Hill review  The Pyle \"Battery Powered PA System With Wireless Microphone\" is surprisingly well made and has features I would have expected on much more expensive equipment. We run workshops, often at our customer's locations, and needed a portable PA system that could easily be transported and doesn't require a lot of power. Here are my observations:+ Long Battery Life - Worked for over 4 hours straight, but can be connected to AC to work as well+ Wireless Microphone - Built into the system, has good range, and acceptable sound. Battery included.+ Inputs for 2 Microphones, 1 Guitar, and 1 Audio Connection - Each with it's own volume control+ Portable - Built in retractable handles and wheels makes moving this around very easy+ Includes a mini-Plug to 1/4\" Converter - A handy accessory+ Includes Echo Effect - A fun adjustable effect to liven up your voice (my kids loved playing with this :-)Note: My unit shipped with one of the fuses in a bag and it needed to be installed before the system would work.This unit worked much better than expected and is a great value for the performance of this small sized unit!Highly Recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name James E. Jefferson, Jr. review  It works and is very versatile and puts out great sound and power.  the portable feature is great also. Just what i wanted overallrating 5   lineend
name OfficeBoy review It's really not a 200w system.  The booklet even says it is only 100 watts, and I doubt it is really even that powerful.  The wireless microphone only works when you put your mouth about an inch from it.  My Shure XLR wired microphones do not work with it even with an adapter plug.  The instrument input works OK with my Taylor guitar, but it's not 100 watts loud.  I guess it's OK as a portable guitar amp in a small venue without any vocals. overallrating 1   lineend
name Phaeton review .I'm a guitar player and singer who works with a band and as a solo and as a duo with a bass player. I found one of these used for half the retail price. It had no microphone but I already have mics and I don't like wireless anyway and don't need one. Besides, who could pass up the bargain as long as the unit works.Well, it was great. I brought a small Behringer guitar amp in case I had to choose between guitar and vocals in terms of sound quality since the unit has onle one set of tone controls. BIG surprise; my Martin GPA sounded great through the PWMA-230 and so did my vocals. I didn't need anything else for a duo gig in a large and semi-loud bar. Volume was strong, the sound was clear and full and the guitar and voice sounded as natural as could be. It's light as a feather (I have troubles with my knees and use a cane and it was no problem) and it sounds great. And since I play there once a week I left it at the gig and do not worry about theft or breakage since the unit is so inexpensive and replaceable even at the marketplace price. I might give it 4 1/2 stars but I can't figure out how to get half-stars. This is a godsend to one and two person acts who already have enough to carry. With my ZT Club amp for my Telecaster for band gigs and the PWMA-230 for acoustic gigs I have more room, less to carry and less to worry about.Update Oct. 25th:I think others have mentioned problems with Pyle-Pro Audio's customer service. I must say that my experience with them has been unsatisfactory too. I wrote to them praising their product and asked if for specs on the power cord and whether they sold an extra in case I lost the one that came with the unit and if they also sold a cover for it. I wrote a least three times and got no response so far. The website was no help and calling them directly was worse; got the wrong dept., was transferred to a dept. which never picked up the phone. I still love the PWMA230 but I am no fan of its manufacturer.Update Oct. 28To be fair, someone did finally contact me today. My questions were unanswered and I don't think my e-mail was read very carefully but at least they did respond. I'll update as to the answers and information provided. overallrating 4   lineend
name Player review This system works just okay.  Try to turn it up and you get bad feedback.My microphone stopped working shortly after I purchased this item.  I contacted Pyle to see about a replacement and got nothing but runaround from them.They couldn't give me a price for repair or to purchase a new one, or where I could even buy a replacement.Very frustrating! overallrating 2   lineend
name Amazon Customer review I only use this as a tube amp for vocal.  For the price, I can drive 2 mics, and fit it in a 1U space.  The tube sound is good enough for live performance for as long as I don't crank it up too much, it also helps with the gain of the SM58 as it's much lower than my other Line6 mic.  I used to have multiple  Studio Projects VTB-1s and ART Tube Pacs but their tubes seem to have died due to old age, and I mainly cared for the tube feature in them, so stepping down to the MIC2200 is fine with me.If you want to get warmer vocal sound, and don't want to invest too much for it, the MIC2200 is the way to go, imo.  However, buying Behringer products always require crossing fingers (and hope that they last).  So I'll update should I encounter problems. overallrating 5   lineend
name Arik Burke review This is a wonderful product for the price! Ive used other tube preamps that cause terrible humming at low input gain. A little difficult to set up properly, but if you are running an eq separate, then you only have to adjust the input and output. I dont care much for the tube display with led lights behind it, but it doesn't bother me either. Behringer makes great products at incomparable prices. overallrating 5   lineend
name Blinky Morgan review I use this as a microphone preamp with an AKG Perception 220 microphone. There are 2 ins and 2 outs, 1 balanced/1 unbalanced on each channel. I am not an expert on studio equipment so this review is from a personal position. I run this direct to my digital recorder. I get a good clean sound on my vocals. Still to early to give reliabilty and flexability of this unit. The unit is 2 channels, has rack mounts and is sturdy, not sure on the tube yet. New to the Behringer product line, but so far I like it and will explore its potential. 5 stars for price, quality, features, amazon. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cefer review I like this preamp. I use one channel for microphone and the other for an electric guitar with good results.Is very sadly and spendthrift that its useful life will be the duration of its tube, another concept of producci&oacute;n nothing considered with consumer and planet. overallrating 3   lineend
name David G review Don't like that it's difficult to change the tube.  Sound quality was not what I expected, maybe because I wasn't familiar with the settings.  No power cord was included in mine or manual.  Manual should have been include not sure about the cord.  Dials are very small.  My MIC200 and MIC800 are much better than this.  I can't say it's bad.  Just that there are better choices in my opinion. overallrating 3   lineend
name Mark King review I operate an alternative broadcast studio, we create music related content and broadcast it on the internet. We needed some stand-alone microphone preamps and after searching the internet I decided to give this Behringer unit a try.This single rack space unit provides two independent microphone preamps, each of which is equipped with a single band of sweepable parametric equalization to adjust the timbre of the final output. Before I even tried the piece as a preamp I opened it up to look inside.DO NOT EXPECT TO CHANGE THE TUBEThe tube is mounted in such a way that it is probably impossible to change it out for a different one.Fortunately the preamps sound good with the stock tube. There is no schematic provided so it's really impossible to say how the tube is implemented in the circuit and how much it actually contributes to the tone of the unit.HOW DOES IT SOUNDThe preamps sound very good, full, rich, crisp highs, deep lows, it's a function of the microphone you connect to it as far as I can tell. For comparison I A-B compared this preamp to our very expensive API 3124+ preamp which is a 4-channel unit that we paid over $500 per preamp-channel for, that is 10-times the price per channel of this Behringer unit. I'm not going to say the Behringer beat the API but they were a dead heat in most listening tests. My female partner who is not too technical (but has great ears) thought the Behringer was just as good as the API. We also have a Grace m801 which is another over-$500/channel preamp, she definitely liked the Behringer sound better than the Grace (personally I think it was the EQ on the Behringer that affected her choice when comparing to the Grace).If my API or Grace preamps go toast I will definitely have them repaired. If the Behringer dies, it's going in the trash and I'll buy another one. It's simple economics and at $100 for two preamps that sound as good as they do these are really nice. They sound good. They have an industry standard packaging. The input and output connectors are excellent. It even has a line input mode so you can add a little tube distortion to a line-level signal (I have not tried this because we don't need it).We broadcast between three and ten, live one-hour shows per week using this preamp for vocals. NOBODY in our listening audience has ever complained and none of them know we switched from our high-end pieces to this very inexpensive preamp. Now our expensive preamps are back over in our production studio and are used for recording tracks that play behind our live performances during the shows.RELIABILITYWe have not had any problems with this unit. It is warmed up for an hour before each broadcast, I've never heard any noise or bad stuff come from it. We have A LOT of Behringer gear in our studio, it lives right along side gear from Neve, API, Allen and Heath, UA, Meyer, Lexicon and Apogee. Out of 103 pieces of Behringer equipment I've bought we've had two pieces that had problems and those occurred right out to the box. I had much worse reliability with Crown amplifiers than Behringer products and I really like Crown amps, regardless of the problems, they just sound so good. In my experience the Behringer products have provided professional results for an amazing low price. That's a win-win in my book. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review This is not a top tier condenser mic, but it is well worth the 40 dollar price tag. It has 2 different pattern modes as well as a gain boost switch. The carrying case is also nice.Do not expect this to be MXL or even Behringer B-1 quality, but it's still better than no condenser, and is perfect for doing room acoustics or live mic'ing. overallrating 5   lineend
name Christian Morales review I tested in my friend recording studio and work really good trust me for the price it over the top overallrating 4   lineend
name David G review Seems to work well.  Like the other reviewers said, you could probably pay 150 more and get the same thing.  solid construction.  getting used to the attachment.  It will never stand in the position like in the photo.  There's no resistance on that joint so it flops down.  Just place it upside down.  Record using a headset or you'll get too much feedback.  Just ordered a shorter stand.  Hope that it works with that joint that makes it stand head down. overallrating 5   lineend
name Isaac review No complaints at all. I use this for vocals and recording acoustic through a Pod Studio UX2. Have had tons of compliments on the sound. People can't belive its a 50 dollar mic when I tell them. Such a fantastic price on this, can't beat it. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Rodino review I'm just getting into miking and recording music, mainly to get my son off to a good start. I'm kind of feeling my way. When I wasn't getting a good result from a dynamic mic, a friend suggested a pre-amp and/or a condenser mike. I ended up getting both (the AMP tube pre-amp) and running this through the AMP into my Tascam DP-008. WOW! I have to work on getting the levels matched properly, but this thing is just SO much cleaner than the dynamic mics when used on an acoustic guitar. Our music sessions have slowed down a bit (he just turned 16, so hanging with the Old Man is the LAST thing on his mind, LOL), but this is a quality piece of equipment that seems durable. Includes a nice hard plastic carry-case, too. For this kind of money, you can't really go wrong. overallrating 5   lineend
name karaoke review  For the money, this mic performs very well. It is very sensitive, I can hear my computer fans in the background with this mic. If you are going to use it for recording make sure you have a quiet room. I also put a pop filter on it. I've only had it a day, so I'll see how it does in the long run. overallrating 5   lineend
name kenb review this is my first real recording microphone. I really like it.  I use it to record vocal with my home studio setup and it does a good job overallrating 5   lineend
name P. Bradley review After reading all of the reviews here and around the Internet, I took a chance since this is my first professional-level microphone. I'm glad I did because it's really great.One thing you will need, though, is a phantom power unit. I wish I could remember which one I got here on Amazon (I think it was about $25-$35) but it worked great. Excellent sound quality, much better than any other mic I've used. overallrating 4   lineend
name Samuel Chell review [Later: The mic is indeed the Behringer C-1, but Amazon has provided it with the description belonging to the C-1U.  Unlike Amazon's description, this is not a mic that comes with USB plug, phantom power, and computer connectivity. And, of course, none of the advertised \"included\" computer software programs is included.  It's a conventional studio mic that requires connection to a regular amp / P.A. with an XLR jack and phantom power. It will NOT connect to the USB port of a computer without an expensive adapter and a preamp with phantom power.  Moreover, Amazon's form thus far is denying a refund and offering only replacement--presumably for another mic just like this one! If you want the described mic, Amazon is showing it from a different vendor--at about 30 more plus S&H.;]The Behringer C-1 mic is the best condenser mic I've used for the money, its large diaphragm capable of reproducing some of the rich and deep sonorities of the costly, high-end mics at the radio station (NPR) where I occasionally work.  However, Behringer makes a distinction between the C-1 and the C-1U.  The description on Amazon fits the C-1U, not the C-1.  So one way or another, 50% of the purchasers of this product are likely to be surprised and disappointed.Indeed, the C-1U is a phantom-powered mic that doesn't require phantom power, which it derives from the USB port of a computer.  Moreover, the mic not only saves its owner the bother of a pre-amp with phantom power but it also makes unnecessary a costly (and time-consuming) XLR to USB adapter.  It's ready to go--just plug it into your laptop and start recording.  (I use Sound Studio, but the included free software--Audacity--works practically as well.)On the other hand, if the mic is a C-1 as advertised, be prepared to receive a conventional condenser mic, with an XLR connector and a phantom power requirement (found on numerous recording devices and P.A. amps or available on a neat little pre-amp sold by Amazon, the A.R.T.).Having just returned a keyboard--the M-Audio Pro88sx--for which Amazon mistakenly provided the wrong description (for the M-Audio Pro88, not the Pro88sx), I'd be hesitant to place any bets on which mic the buyer will receive--the C-1 as advertised, or the C-1U as described.  At least if you're purchasing directly from Amazon instead of a sub-vendor, you can be assured of a hassle-free return.  And if the mistake is due to Amazon's description, returns are generally postage-free. overallrating 4   lineend
name S. Dawdy review This microphone deserves the positive reviews it has received. It is very well made equipment, which is readily apparent to a total sound equipment novice like myself. The item as pictured looks different from what I received; it is not the all lighter gray plastic looking body base, it's more of champagne color and is metal and the screw on adapter on the bottom is black (heavy duty plastic). Not sure why the picture is showing that is, because the actual microphone I received is much more impressive looking.I was initially looking to spend ~$125 on a simple home recording setup using my iMac. I ultimately spent about $135 because I moved to a Behringer mixer board that can convey the appropriate power to a condenser mic like this one.For those who are starting out with recording, I recommend this microphone and a quality XLR cord and you will not be disappointed with your results. overallrating 5   lineend
name Daits review Do not expect a studio quality out put from this unit. That said, for the price it is an excellent product. Obviously, if you are looking for a studio quality mic you would not be here. This product does what it supposed to do and exceeds your expectations. For a normal use this is quite good. Feels little tiny but excellent gain. I would buy it again if required. overallrating 5   lineend
name E. Temple review I can't believe I'm giving a 5 star review to a Behringer product, but they got these right... I replaced a way-more expensive Audix condenser mic with these, and they actually sound pretty darned good. If I crunch one or if one breaks, I'll just get more at this price. I have other Behringer mics laying around, and they all kinda suck. These are totally fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name HMMWV review   as a set.If you do stereo recording, you can't go wrong with these - their self noise level is so low it is below that of a human ear.  It sounds great, and setup outside with 140 dB of gain it really performs well hearing birds chirp from far away, rain drops comming down, and sounds you never would hear.Note:  NEVER get these wet - you must have a cover over them for outdoor use in the rain.You will need 2 XLR cables for full stereo recording with the transfer bar, but you already know that. overallrating 5   lineend
name ixd735 review I use this pair of mics mostly to record a piano in XY configurationPros:-Price point-Sturdy, good construction-Included accessories (carrying case, clips, stereo bar)Cons:-Have to adjust the gain just right on a mixer preamp to avoid noise overallrating 4   lineend
name Mark King review These are condenser mics so you will need phantom power to make them work. I'm using them in our drum room, one is on hi-hat and one is on a small cymbal. They have a smooth un-hyped sound.The mics also come with a nice little plastic mounting bar so you can mount them in a stereo pair right out of the box. I have used them in an X-Y overhead position and they sounded quite good and very natural.Some of the other microphones in my kit cost upwards of $1200 each so I am aware of what &#34;expensive&#34; microphones sound like, these perform &#34;up there&#34; with the expensive mice while being bargain priced.Good music to all. overallrating 5   lineend
name C.C. review  2 15&#34; speakers each with a horn built into the cabinet. These hold up great year round. I will more than likely take the speakers down to make sure they don't fall onto my baby grand... overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles F. Marks review  no problem...it came today like the computer said it would... the box was mint...to my surprise there wasn't even any tape on it... I opened it ... pulled it from its plastic sleeve and set it up on about a minute it was holding a speaker cab...thanks again Amazon....and why would I shop any where else? overallrating 5   lineend
name cowboylove review It is lighter than most, fast and easy to set up and not bulky while strong and sturdy enough to support heavy 15&#34; speakers.The material and paint quality is not the greatest but the price is good and it will last long enough to worth the money especially for me gigging 4-6 times a week. overallrating 4   lineend
name ffsalsa review I only needed one, I haven't use it, but I'm sure it's going to work well. This is going to be use for a piano amp which will help with the sound of the amp when put on top.ffsalsa overallrating 4   lineend
name James E. Jefferson, Jr. review  Okay here we go again what can be said about this roduct except that it works and does what it us supposed to overallrating 5   lineend
name kannibul review It's a cheap speaker stand. Heavier, in terms of weight, than I thought it would be. Cheaply made, the safety pin is kind of a joke. Overall though, it'll do the job. I would not use this at the highest height setting, but one or two notches lower, else it starts leaning. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael A. Johnson review the knobs seem very easy to over tighten, I haven't done it yet but I'm planning on treating this stand with the utmost care so as not to have any surprises when I put my expensive PA speaker on it overallrating 3   lineend
name tommy review If you have really large or heavy speakers, you might want to consider professional grade stands, but these will work fine for any speakers under 35 lbs. or so (maybe more, if you keep them lower down).  They look nice, and are easily worth their selling price.They do not include any additional hardware for mounting the speakers, so you'll have to figure out what you need, and buy those things separately. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wesley Newell review I own a mobile DJ company and have 4 ultimate TS-90 stands and i'm really not happy with them.  This product is simple does the job and is well priced.  They are a little heavy at 9 lbs per stand but i like the look and operation of them.  I've been happy with them so far. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bacon review theres the snark for clipons, the blackout or boss tu-2 for pedals, or a rack option. my pre-amp unit has a tuner but i love these for tuning off stage or something. got at least 3 of these around, i can use this for bass or guitar (i tune to low drop f and it even picks it up on bass) overallrating 5   lineend
name ben review The tuner is great  -  seems very accurate and senses all the notes with ease. my only complaint is the little kickstand on the back, doesn't hold it at an angle that i find very usable.  otherwise? a fine product that i expect to last for years. korg makes great tuners. i also have a pitchblack and a pitchblack plus. if any of the three of them were to ever be lost or stolen, i'd replace them in a heartbeat with exactly the same models. overallrating 4   lineend
name C. Sharpguy review I don't use the other features, but as a tuner, this product is spot on.  Filters out noise well when using the mic.  Only two things to gripe with - 1.  The leg that you can use to prop this up isn't very usable. and 2. It's not great for gig use as the screen isn't that readable.As a home tuner or for a brightly-lit gig - excellent! overallrating 5   lineend
name David G review Works well.  It can detect tones from the electric input or acoustically.  I find myself using it a lot.  Even as I learn the notes on the guitar fret-board.  If I guess incorrectly it reminds me of the note.  I also use it to intonate my guitar.  It has some other advanced features, but I haven't need them.  Display is nice and large even though I still need my reading glasses to see the note. overallrating 5   lineend
name Don Daze review It is always a delight nowadays when any electronic device is still functional after such a long time.  From 2006 when I bought it, till 2013 when I write this, still going strong, very happy with my purchase.  Alas, my experience says newer devices being sold are rarely as good as when they first come out, but you never know, it may still be as good as ever now.For what it's worth, I am a professional musician with perfect pitch. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hayden review I have had this tuner for about half a year and frankly, I have had enough.The main problem with this tuner is the usability.The tuner has a poor display, is extremely finicky and it does not display the octave of the key.Tuning with it can be condensed into one word - frustrating.The needle is very finicky and jumps all over when ever I pick the strings, especially so when the guitar is much out of tune.The poor display is dark, with no build-in light, and has poor visibility at angles too. Combine all that you have a terrible, accurate tuner.Yes, it is accurate but only as accurate as what the graph can display, which is +/-2 cents.Enough said, I bought a new tuner, the Seiko SAT800, for a bit more money that this.The main differences between SAT800 and the CA-40:SAT800 has a build-in light, CA-40 does not.CA-40 has a build-in stand at the back to prop it up to a 45deg angle, SAT800 does not.SAT800 has a auto and manual mode, CA-40 has auto.SAT800 displays the octave of the note, e.g. 1E, 2E, etc, CA-40 displays only displays the alphabet, E for all oactaves.SAT800 has a numerical display for the cents off, CA-40 does not.The needle graph on the Seiko is much more stable and it is just way more usable overall.I wholly recommend you do not purchase this tuner. I was fooled into buying it by the other reviewers on Amazon and I hope you would not be. overallrating 1   lineend
name James E. Sink review  used for my guitars also great for adjusting intonation on a guitar...used on open tunings and bass as well as my Mandilin... ... overallrating 5   lineend
name Jon S review What happened to all the Korg tuners that had LED lights on it? Don't get me wrong this tuner works great and makes tuning to E flat much easier than on a non Chromatic tuner but that's ALL I use it for. I prefer my older tuners that light up, This screen is really dim and there's not a back light. My guitar room isn't super bright and it's very difficult to read.Guess that's why the price is so cheap. overallrating 4   lineend
name Quaestor review  I sent this to my grown daughter for her birthday and she has been very pleased with the product. I have three tuners myself and I find the Korg to be portable, easy to use and easy to read. Battery life appears to be adequate. Oh, and not to forget...accurate. Shipping was faster than advertised. A \"thumbs up for this one\". Amazon comes through again on price and product. overallrating 4   lineend
name Raney review My only criticism is that for the size of the screen the readout is reallysmall and a bit hard for an old blind man like myself to see. overallrating 4   lineend
name Todd M review I've owned several inexpensive Korg lcd tuners over the years. Like all of the others, this one is excellent, reliable and durable. I keep this one on my bass guitar gig bag to tune up before and during gigs. overallrating 5   lineend
name TWM review This tuner works fine for the flute and clarinet however for things that use the input jack it doesn't really work. As soon as I insert any cord into the jack it automaticly goes to a very low B flat and stays there... Even if the guitar and bass are not on the other end. At first I thought it was my cord however after four cords doing this, I also tried other tuners with the same cords and they worked fine. So again works good on the sound input but poorly with cord input. overallrating 1   lineend
name BAT review I've been very disappointed with this tuner. When I've used it the needle keeps jumping all the way to the right(sharp) then back to the left(flat). I have two(2) other tuners I bought from Wal-Mart and I always get accurate tunings from them.  I bought this KORG because it's a brand name and the Company has an outstanding reputation. Even though my tow(2) Wal-Mart tuners are older, they both still work better than this KORG. overallrating 1   lineend
name B. Shumway review I have tried several different brands/types of tuners in my 13 years of playing. I have found that this model fits my needs perfectly. It quickly detects the tune, dynamically changes as you turn the tuning pegs, and is extremely accurate. It also has options to tune flat, sharp, guitar, bass, etc.It is also small and portable. I have one in EACH of my 12 guitar cases and it fits into the accessory pockets/pouches perfectly. I cant recommend this tuner enough.As always, please indicate if this review was helpful and keep on rockin' overallrating 5   lineend
name C.E. review  The quality and feel of this tuner is very good. Tuning the guitar is really easy, just put the batteries in (it comes with 2 AAA batteries) and press the red button to turn it on, then pluck the strings! This is my first tuner and its great already! It's very portable. overallrating 5   lineend
name CHUS01 Fan review This thing works well and is a little easier to see and less jumpy than my old tuner.  The LEDs are a little cheesy compared to the old one though.  But maybe that saves on battery life.  I don't know.  It gets five stars for just doing its job quietly and for a fair price and not breaking.I'm also glad I bought the one specifically for guitar/bass and not the chromatic one. overallrating 5   lineend
name David V. Locker review  This was the easiest tuner I had.  I am sorry I gave it away now when I upgraded.  LOL overallrating 5   lineend
name delighted review Wonderful to use - as soon as I put the batteries in and started even without reading the directions - easy overallrating 5   lineend
name Joshua Cuellar review  There are better tuners out there. Far better. This could be good, but it seems to me that all Korg products seem to think of Standard tuning as the only tuning out there, and they don't even tune it well to Standard (especially when tuning the G string)! I personally play exclusively in Standard for my electric playing, but sometimes I want to fiddle around with open-tunings on an acoustic. This piece-of-junk makes it incredibly difficult to tune to any tuning using \"F\" or \"C\" notes. I have no clue as to why that is, pretty stupid if you ask me, especially once you consider that majority of this generations guitarists are metal heads playing in drop c tuning or acoustic d-bags (I say that with love) that play in open tunings. Trust me, your money is best spent elsewhere. overallrating 1   lineend
name J. Poehner review Bought to tune my bass. Works fine and at the this price it cant be beat. Highly recommend for budget tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name Legend review  It works beautifully. Arrived on time as promised as expected it is durable and it is easy and accurate as well, is as described. overallrating 5   lineend
name loumann review Had to return the first one.  Second is holding it's own.  Just using it on an electric not sure about acoustic.  Spot on when used correctly inline with cables. overallrating 4   lineend
name Marc review All tuners like this are going to be a little \"jumpy\ none of them are perfect.  This does the job perfectly once you get the hang of it.The Korg Pitchblack was a little out of my price range, so the GA40 is working perfect for now.  Overall this is a fair priced tuner from a reputable brand... five stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name RON IN USA review  I AM SELF TAUGHT GUITAR FOR ABOUT 15 MONTHS.  WITHOUT THIS I WOULD BE LOST.  I WORK WITH A GUY WHO HAS PLAYED GUITAR FOR 30 YEARS.  HE TUNES IT TO ITSELF .  WHEN I HAD HIM TRY MY TUNER HE FOUND THAT HIS GUITAR WAS TUNED TO ITSELF YET SO FAR  OFF.  FOR $15 YOU CANT BEAT THIS.  DON'T BE SO CHEAP. BUY THIS AND ENJOY IT! overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian Hogan review  I always buy the gross pick package and this is a damn good deal.  Never had such colorful ones though :)  If you need picks do the math.  It pays. ships fast as always. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael D Burwell review Fender Heavies, what more needs to be said?  Great price for the quantity.  Just buy it so you don't have to worry about losing a pick or storing extras around various places. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael W DeSilva review I love these picks. I buy tons of them all the time. If you are like me and prefer to just strum tunes on your acoustic then these are the picks for you. I prefer thin picks for basic strumming as I am a beginner guitarist and they are more forgiving. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pa user review i bought these because i couldn't see spending $4.50 a dozen at the local music store. I figure 12 dozen will last me for years. Get them for yourself if you use and lose picks like I can easily do. overallrating 5   lineend
name p pouncey review These are the best celluloid shell-colored thin picks around.  Tried all the off brands but came back to Fender picks in the end. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick Holly review  I have used Fender Thin 351 picks for 40 years but always in either solid black or swirl brown. These picks are great because when you drop them on stage or in a dark club you can find them easily. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Sadewater review  I started using the confetti picks years ago, when I used to occasionally drop my pick.  No matter what color the floor/carpet/stage is, you can find your pick easily.  No lost picks.I like the extra heavy picks.  They suit my playing style well.  I don't have to wait for it to snap back, It doesn't bend. They don't break, either, although they do wear down over time.KMC Music Inc shipped fast and I got free shipping.  When I buy a gross, I only need to buy picks about once every 7 years.I would recommend these picks to anyone who likes a heavy pick!  Thank you KMC Music Inc for fast shipping! overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Griffith review These are the only picks I use.  They're Fender thins and the quality is one thing that Fender has kept consistent.  They arrived on time and I will order them again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Special K review These picks break way too easy.  I only play a few times a week but they dont seem to last long when playing for more than a few hours at the time. overallrating 3   lineend
name The Den review Great heavy picks, amazingly cheap price.  You really can't go wrong.  I lose my picks continually (Bermuda Triangle in my Laundry?), and this has been great to have an endless supply... overallrating 5   lineend
name bradley review very pleased overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Puentes review I don't know if they are the best (haven't tried them all), but from what I've tried, none are better. D'Addarios are top quality, and very reasonably priced. My choice for 12 string or 6 string acoustics. overallrating 5   lineend
name MQ review Nice bright and full sound. Good life, they sound good for a couple of months. Inexpensive. Fast delivery. I am happy with this product. overallrating 5   lineend
name N. McArthur review  Guitar tone is more subjective than almost any other topic.  And I'm sure that brand loyalty has as much to do with our perception of that tone as any other ingredient.  Even so, D'Addario has provided a consistent product for more years than I'll readily admit to knowing. I've used may other brands, but I seem to always return to D'Addario for all my steel stringed acoustic guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name trishlink review These strings have soothed my poor sore fingertips...They are very light to play and make my practising easier whille Iconcentrate on building callouses  ; ) overallrating 4   lineend
name bayou bob review even though i ordered large...still not fitting...will do a little homework to try to get this reemed out a little more to fit...i do not have giant hands so large should fit...but not this...very well made...heavy if thats what your looking for...arrived on time..but...good luck overallrating 3   lineend
name Joehorse review This is a very high quality Slide and really serves the purpose very well. Try one...............I think that you will love it, if that's what you're looking for. overallrating 4   lineend
name JPfromOH review After experiencing some frustration with the tone differences and the difference in the amount of noise between a Stevens steel bar (for lap playing) and a Dunlop 210 glass over-the-finger slide (for \"Spanish style\" playing), I decided to try the Dunlop Harris tapered brass slide.  It's probably a personal issue, but I much prefer the weight of the brass slide.  The taper seems to cover the stings of my resonator guitar more consistently than the straight glass slide.  The sustain is better and the string noise is easier to control.  This slide also seems to be well made and has a nice shine to it.  The material and the fact that it fits better than the glass slide are significant pluses.  Another practical plus for the brass slide is that I don't have to worry about what would happen if I drop it.  In short:  it's a winner. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ryszard Sytnik review I never use slide to play my guitar, this is the first I ever have, look like good quality, I just have to learn how to play ;-) overallrating 5   lineend
name The Bluescaster review When they say small, they mean small.  I had to order the large to get it comfortably on my ring finger, and my hands are not large by anyone's standards.Find the same slide in Large, and I wrote a complimentary review there. overallrating 5   lineend
name jinx review Got them today and put them on a Wasburn X series.  Nice sound. I would recommend these to anyone. An inexpensive but nice set. overallrating 4   lineend
name M. C. Malkemus review  Sounds and feels nice. I have an entry level guitar, a Peavey Rockmaster. It came with entry level strings. These strings make it sound like an upgraded instrument.Be advised, the low E string is thick. When I try to depress the 12th fret, I can't get it to register as a hit with Rocksmith 2014 unless I press HARD with my middle or index finger. Well, sometimes the pinky is needed to do that. Plan on a weaker score if you learn guitar using this game. overallrating 5   lineend
name Picky review I have used the EXL115W set for years.  Nice to have the whole set again.  Sometimes have to buy the EXL115 without the wound third, and then have to find the wound third in a single string.  Not fun.  I like the sound of the wound third.  I play a thin hollow-body electric and love how the strings sound and are easy on the fingers.  No more thick calouses on the fingers.  Playing weekinds and practicing, they last a long time with the same sound quality. overallrating 5   lineend
name pops review They have a nice thick sound, bright enough to be clear, good mids, nice bass notes, clear trebles. I like em. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Grider review I got these about five months ago and they still have not broken on me. That is a record. The tones are warm and welcoming, not as sharp as with other strings. It is the sound that I like though. overallrating 5   lineend
name Vince Lewis review  D'addario has been at the forefront of quality and long lasting strings for as long as I can remember.  This guage is perfect for all my arch top guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Aurelio review  It is very easy to apply, great results and very little effort. I'm surprised by the results. Never got this shine in my guitar with any other product. overallrating 5   lineend
name bayou bob review this is great stuff....only problem...no order...i guess im used to lemon pledge on furniture...this works fine...smooth slick finish...yes...guitar slips a little off my knee...but very happy just wish had sometype of order...yes..nice order..tks overallrating 4   lineend
name crazy finger magic review First wax I have bought. I usually don't wax. I tend to use cleaning sprays. I am going to be waxing now on. Gerlitz makes this wax easy, not greasy. This tin should last a lifetime. It comes with an applicator designed for contours of guitars. I would use just the minimal amount and still get a mirrorglaze. Leaves no ffingerprints or smudges. My classical guitar sounds better after a dose of the GERLITZ GNO NO 1 CARNUBA GUITAR WAX!!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Dreifus review I purchased this wax for a brand new guitar to help minimize scratches on the back though I make every effort to avoid them, and to protect the side where I rest my arm when playing to keep from wearing through the finish over time.I've used Carnuba car wax many years ago, and this is a much higher grade, easier to apply, easy to remove.There were some really tiny cracks in the polyurethane finish that I did not notice at first and I was actually able to fill them using a couple of coats of this product so they now look like tiny indentations with a smooth surface. They were very minor and did not affect the wood, but this will seal them. Not a sufficient defect to return the instrument.Another reviewer mentioned a problem applying to metal. I have open tuning machines, and before applying Tri-Flow with a pinpoint applicator, I used this wax, let it dry then buffed it out with a pure cotton towel. The chrome is gleaming. They're really beautiful. Did a great job on the headstock as well with MOP and abalone inlay when the strings were removed. Also got the tuning pegs. This is a 000 - OM acoustic. Only way I can imagine harming metal is you slightly dampen the sponge, (I used distilled water) so if someone left too much water - possibly a problem, but all worked fine for me. overallrating 5   lineend
name MetalFan review I bought this wax and compared it to Meguiars I've been using for years and it surpasses Meguiars by miles. I have a few guitars and they really shine with this wax, you can really see the depth of the paint with this wax and it works great on headstocks also. I like the applicator and the fact that this is a paste wax which is effortless to apply.Along with a few high end guitars, I also have a few beaters. I used this wax on an old Squier that is thoroughly used and it looks fantastic. fine scratches and blems are gone and the guitar looks great.I use old t shirts to buff the wax off the guitars and found that it comes off chrome easilly, I overdid it with an older Les Paul guitar and was surprised to see the wax come off with ease. I will buy this stuff again and again, my local guitar shop sells this for the same price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michaela review This stuff works amazingly. If your interested in buying the product, don't listen to the people who say it is too dry. I thought it worked good, and mine was a bit dry. This stuff isn't supposed to be really waxy, its a hard wax so I would think it was supposed to be cracked. Mine wasn't that cracked, and it worked great! I love this product and would definitely recommend it and say this is a must-have. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrew F. review I really feel like this thing is my personal slave, just standing off to the side, waiting to grab my guitar when I hand it off. It is reliable and rock solid. The tripod base has been very steady so far. It really is a great product.The other thing I have to say about this stand is that it has the non-scuff padding on the all the RIGHT places. I bought another stand from another company that claimed to have similar material. And it did, but not at all the guitar contact points.I do have to laugh at the folks here and on Musician's Friend who have given this a bad rating because of the following:1. \"It ejected my guitar when it got tilted forward.\" - The basic idea is their guitar was on-stage, someone pushed the stand forward, the patented guitar retaining mechanism disengaged when the base of the guitar touch the floor on the way to the ground, releasing the guitar and dumping on the floor. REALITY: Let's say the stand held onto the guitar. It still would have hit face first and messed up the guitar. Sometimes accidents happen. Don't blame the stand. Blame the moron who knocked over your guitar.2. \"The guitar touches the floor.\" - It's not supposed to! Try elevating the next, or make sure you bought the model appropriate for your kind of guitar.This stand is worth the extra money over those $15 disasters. Spend an extra $10 and save yourself the headache. overallrating 5   lineend
name drummerboy review The absolute best guitar stand made. Strong, and durable. I bought one about 4 months ago, and just ordered a second. Hercules is by far the best quality for musical instrument stands. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Villella review  I've been eyeing these stands for a while - ~$40-50 always seemed like such a lot of money for something to just hold a guitar upright. I'd spent a little money (usually $5-10) here and there on cheapy little stands with the spinning base. Now that I finally have one of these, I'm throwing those pieces of junk out and buying a few more of these Hercules stands.It hold acoustic and electric guitars very well. With the extendable neck, it can also handle a bass guitar. The angle this leans back makes it very stable, and when a guitar is hanging on it, the center of gravity is such that it takes quite a bit of force to tip the stand over. It holds both electric and acoustics. I haven't done any full drop tests, but regardless of which guitar I put on it, the stand didn't once feel like it was going to tip over easily or drop the guitar.Piece of mind is key with an instrument that costs several thousand dollars, and this stand lives up to expectations, and does exactly what it's meant to do. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Thomas review  The stand is very well constructed and very stable.  The other stands that I have used were all bottom holders.  I was a little concern using a stand with a neck holder, but then again..all guitar stores display their guitars with them...so I thought ... lets have a go,  I'm glad I did.  My stand doesn't tip over like the others.  You just have to lift up before you take your instrument out.  The fingers in front hold the instrument in... lifting up slightly will disengage the fingers so you can remove your instrument. overallrating 5   lineend
name jbnomad review I use this music stand for my acoustic bass and electric bass these instruments are quite large and it secures the very well and they are very easily accessed  . I also use it for my acoustic tenor guitar which is on the other end of the scale in size and it works beautifully for it, Breaks down to a reasonable size for transport. overallrating 5   lineend
name JdoubleH review My only complaint is that it doesn't fold up smaller, but otherwise this is an excellent stand. I have to concede I'm a bit spoiled by the super light weight and much more compact folded dimensions of myK & M Memphis Pro Guitar Stand. However that light weight comes at the cost of a slightly more fragile build. The extra heft of the Hercules has the advantage of slightly better stability when you remove the instrument from the stand (the K&M; tends to want to bounce backward as the weight is removed if used on a padded carpeted floor). Despite not folding up quite as small, the Hercules is simpler to unfold and adjust (one action for legs, one action for height, whereas the K&M; has three separate legs and two vertical sections / clamps). I do realize that I bought the one without the folding yoke and am not considering that aspect when comparing it to the K&M.; Length and girth folded would still be quite a bit larger than the K&M; (large enough that I won't try carrying it in my gig bag pocket as I do the K&M;).I'm also not convinced Hercules' trade mark pivoting finger yoke is all that necessary on this type of stand. The back angle and the fact that a good portion of the instrument rests against the padded legs means it would take so much force to knock an instrument off of it that it's knock the whole stand over. No big deal, just more parts (and weight). I think I prefer K&M;'s yoke, as it automatically adjusts inward to the width of the neck as weight is applied. The Hercules has a fixed width yoke with pivoting review s of the GS100 are also more favorable, and the GS100 is cheaper (which suits my cheapness. overallrating 5   lineend
name John Dziekan review I've been playing the guitar since the 1960's, so I've gone through plenty of guitar stands.  Always found the hanging-type to be the safest & most secure.  For a long time I was using the Hamilton chrome hanging stand.  When I first saw these being used by all the guitar players at the church I attend (Christ Community Church, St Charles, IL), I decided to give them a look.  The build quality is very good and all the sections that come in contact with the guitar (Electric or Acoustic) are padded with a foam material to prevent scratching/ denting.  It offers a very solid support and I feel safe putting my guitar on it.  This is the only type of stand I prefer to use.  I do wish it wasn't made in China, too much of our money goes to that country (just my opinion).  The bottom line is that I am very happy with this stand and would recommend it to any guitar player who wants a sturdy, well built stand that keeps the guitar safe and should last for ever. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kurt Robair review I heard alot about these stands and finally decided to buy one after my cheapo one fell over with my bass still on it.This is a nice looking, well designed stand and feels like it can withstand the rigors of constant use. However, the 5th time I took this to a show, I expanded it and one of the screws and nuts attaching the back leg to the support bar fell off and I never did fine the missing screw...wound up wrapping electrical tape around it to support my bass for the night. I ended up buying some screws and fixing it (which was also a pain as the nut needs to be inserted about 6 inches down the pipe and secured so you can thread the screw into it....not an easy task. I really expected better quality for $35 0 after such light use....still love it, but not to a 5 star level. overallrating 3   lineend
name MetalFan review I bought this stand primarily to hold my Epiphone Les Paul. I have owned the other cheaper stands which are not built as well as the Hercules. The stand holds the guitar in place by the neck and the bottom of the guitar rests on the padding of the stand legs. There is no room for movement of the guitar like you fins with other stands. I can also move the guitar in the stand from room to room without issues. I plan on buying another one to hold a rather large acoustic guitar. I like how the stand is completely adjustable and locks into place.I strongly suggest this stand for heavier guitars rather than the cheaper stands out there, the extra cost is well worth the investment. I bought this at my local guitar shop for $40 after looking into it, the manager of the guitar shop recommended it to a few people while I was there.UPDATE 11/5/12- A few weeks ago, I bought myself a second one seeing the amazon price was lower than the local retailers. I usually buy locally, but the deal here was great. The stand is worth the price and more. overallrating 5   lineend
name overbybr review This is hands down the best guitar stand on the market. It will last a lifetime and never drop your axe. I have two of these plus a wall mount hanger for my basses and I love them all! overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard R review I had been leery about leaving my Fender 5 string Custom Jazz bass on guitar stands until I met the Hercules GS414B.  The stand is \"built like a tank\" with sturdy legs and a strong upper support that fits the neck and headstock of my bass perfectly.  My bass weighs about 9.5 pounds with the strap and with its long neck, fits perfectly in the Hercules, with the body of the bass resting  well-balanced against the padded legs.The design and reclining angle of the stand makes it extremely stable and I experimented with trying to tip the bass over. It will take more than  an \"accident\" to tip the bass off its stand.  The self-closing mechanism works very well and requires no effort to lock or to unlock.The lock is engaged by simply placing the bass in the locking mechanism.  The lock releases by lifting the bass from the stand.My only dislike is the bright yellow paint on the leg hinge mechanism. I would have preferred  the stand being a more conservative all black. overallrating 5   lineend
name bassestkkm review I love these strings they are a little more mellow than most mando strings so they sit in the mix and let the guitars cut though a little more. I'm hoping they last a while! overallrating 5   lineend
name Boiler98 review I bought a cheap Rogue A100 mandolin, and after setting it up I of course replaced the cheap factory strings.  I put these on, and what a difference.  These aren't too heavy, not too light.  They ring nicely.  I find that coating bronze strings with a good string cleaner, like Dunlop 65 Ultraglide, can help you avoid the dirty fingers and get much more life from the strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name Clare Chu review The J74's are sort of the default string that mandolin dealers put on their instruments.  They are bright and brassy when new, and give a decent punch to the sound.  However because they are bronze, they can discolor your fingers and they tarnish pretty quickly, especially in the summer when your fingers are sweatier.  Also, since they are round-wound, they are harder to fret than a flat-wound string and harder to shift up and down.  But the people who like them change them often, like once in 30 days or so, or whenever they play a gig, to get that nice bright brassy punch for when they are new.  This is because they get to a point where you have to work harder just to get the same volume, being less elastic, and less lively.  One thing is sure, that the J74's are loud and zingy, and that's why dealers put them on their mandolins.  Some folks move to the heavier J75's to get even louder and fatter woof on their chops.  The J74's are brighter and more aggressive than flatwound strings and cut through when you're in ensemble work.  Just make sure to change them often to get the best performance. overallrating 4   lineend
name David Burch review D'Addario strings have become the favorite for all my guitars, and now my two mandolins. Consistent quality and good tone and volume have made me loyal to the brand. overallrating 5   lineend
name David J. Huber review  What more can I say? These strings sound GREAT! They play wonderfully, work well together, have a nice brilliant (but not tinny) sound, and are excellently made. These are not going to unwind on you or break easily.Excellent. That's all there is to say about it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ed review I am using these strings on an inexpensive A-Style Beginner's Mandolin; these strings made a significant difference in the quality and tone of the instrument; I strongly recommend these strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name Melodie S. review I've never bought strings before so it is kind of hard for me to rate these.  So far so good! overallrating 3   lineend
name SnoopGrampyGramps review Quality strings at a very affordable price.  They are made from quality materials and care is given with quality control to ensure the buyer of a good product. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Forbes review  I am learning to play the guitar. I needed a place to place my lesson book that was a little more ergonomically sound. I debated between this one and the other popular/slightly more expensive one. I cannot speak to that one's assembly process, but I found this one to be reasonably simple.I also like how you can just pull or push the stand in order to raise/lower it. The same goes for tilting. It is a superb stand with ample table space for book, iPad, capo, some picks and if you are creative, headphones. I love it and I am using it almost every single day. Very solid construction and the stand with the most height I could find.Go ahead and compare specs of each of the stands offered. As of today, this is the one that wins in the height, shelf and space categories. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cooper the Beagle review I think someone else wrote that this is like the music stand they used in high school band class.  Yup, it is.  I would buy again.  My use is to hold my books while I try to teach myself how to play guitar.  This stand could easily hold a phone book as the lip is about 2+&#34; high.  Very happy with it.Just a warning to those that are picky.  Because of the way the tube locks together, the part that holds the music can shimmy a little if you knock or brush it.  Not an issue for me, but also did not want someone to think this is like a brick and won't move.It would be hard to tip over because the quality and thickness make this puppy heavy.  Buy it, you'll like it.  It will survive a nuclear blast. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fletcher Chambers Jr. review This is the stand you remember from the band room. Effective, and built like a tank. You will need a wrench to assemble (a very simple task). One note - the metal feet would scratch some types of flooring, invest in the optional foot covers if you're concerned. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gomer review  s and then remembered seeing them in different yards out by the trash cans to be picked up with the trash,, so i looked for something better and ,i am so happy to have found this , at this price.i didn't want to pay more then 15 dollars for a stand ,but i really wanted something to last and if i bought one for 9 or 15 dollars and in 6 months its in the trash ,i would be buying another one , so really ,this is the BEST DEAL , i am SO HAPPY I BOUGHT THIS STAND you can't go wrong with this one,,,REALY !! get it !  it will hold a few books and stand should not tip over,its heavy enough not to, it slides up and down nicely, and the book shelf  tilts easly and stays and you can turn it as well, .,bolts are NOT plastic,witch is nice,,and very easy to put together and fast,,i got it together in one minute,i only used regular pliers to put it together..  the stand goes low enough for sitting or high enough for standing up while playing instrument,i truly recommend this for anyone  ! (i did get the foot guards for $1.95 to protect floor, on carpet you will not need them ,)and it comes with a 10 year warranty ,and with the free shipping you can't beet it, overallrating 5   lineend
name L. Su review  s with low stars, the major complaints are squeaking sound when you twist the head. We use it to hold the musics and don't need to turn the head. The heads of music stands on stage are fixed too, if they turned, they could not fit into the music stand rack. This one work great for us.We have several music stands,  we didn't like them not because the heads can't be turned but they are unstable and can't hold thick book. overallrating 5   lineend
name aceofbase review Good cheap basic metal slide, sounds like it should. Only problem is I prefer to wear it on my ring finger but I have big hands (viz XL and XXL gloves) and the slide is too small to fit except on my little finger. A bit annoying but not the slide's fault I guess! overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review For the price, i'm really happy. It's my first one i get and it's perfect, i'm learning how to use it and it's not as easy as you guys think. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dennis review  I lost my trusty slide and really miss it. The Dunlop 220 feels heavier and looser on my little finger than my old timer but, it does sound sweet. If it was just a bit smaller diameter, that would do the trick. My old timer had enough corrosion inside to keep it secure so, a brand-new, sleek fit isn't a plus in my case. The Dunlop is well made, as expected. It's just not the Antiques Roadshow model I had in mind. Hmmm, might be a new product idea - rough up the inner surface and come up with a catchy name. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dr. Freud review I am a basic player and just starting to explore the possibilities of using a slide.  this one works fine so far.  it is rather heavy and I like that.  I also like that because it is metal, if you drop it on the floor, it is not going to break like my glass one did.  Be sure to get your correct finger size before ordering however.  otherwise it may come too big or small for your chosen slide finger. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Thomas review  Sweet \"twangy\" sound that is a flash from the past of steel lap guitars.  I have a ceramic and this steel slide.  Each has a unique sound.  The steel as expected has more of brighter twang.  When I change my strings, I know that I'll get some differences in tonal quality, but hey, experimenting for that sound that reaches us is what keeps all of us buying new toys. overallrating 5   lineend
name John S. review Make sure you order the right size! I don't use this product very often but it provides great sustained and does not kill strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name mike ceely review very good slide smooth sound and reasonably priced  I use it with my 12 stringer in open g tuning  would buy other products from this company overallrating 5   lineend
name realsteel review Fast delivery, and exactly as advertised.  Put it to work making music within minutes.  The steel gives a clearer sound than the glass  bottle slides,  but you need both.  Good product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ryszard Sytnik review I did purchase 3 diferent slides this one is mark as a medium but is diferent size from the other one's what I ordered. Perhaps is good for some one with small wrong size . This is why I give only 3 stars because is to small for me. overallrating 3   lineend
name Sherwin Rackal review Well i got this after hearing seasick steve its cool i havent figured it out just yet but its a very good product overallrating 5   lineend
name Timothy Eastman review  Great sounding slider for my electric AND it won't shatter when you drop it on the floor like the more expensive glass ones do. Plus the medium weight of it is perfect for my smaller hands to control the slide action. It has a great sound for the modern electric guitars, but is not really meant for lighter acoustic performances. I recommend. overallrating 5   lineend
name WAYA review I have several different slides (glass, brass, steel, short, long, etc.)And this has become my go to for every slide guitar session I play on!I wear it on my ring finger, It fits great, the tone is amazing on acoustic, electric and banjo!Works great for blues, rock, a little stoner country, and even some metal! (the main genres I play in)Harmonics and sustain to spare!I keep it in my pocket at all times now, it goes with me everywhere, And has never failed to lay down some mojo when I bring it out! overallrating 5   lineend
name William McClain review This would have been a nice slide if I could get it on my finger.  I'm borderline skinny and it still won't fit.  Save your money unless your under 10 years old. overallrating 1   lineend
name Christian Matthew review I love these picks, especially in this gauge. They are a bit thinner than the jazz 3s, so if you master em, you can in theory, play faster ;) They have a good grip, and a nice texture. The tone it gives isn't bad either. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Jones review  Black Tortex picks with silver lettering.The Jazz picks are about 25% smaller than standard Tortex picks and have a more pronounced point. overallrating 4   lineend
name D. Villella review  I've been using Dunlap's Tortex picks now for going on 10 years, and recently just switched over to heavy Jazz picks (smaller - sharper tip). These picks work great. They provide enough surface area that they won't slip easily from between your fingers. They allow for a high level of sensory feedback from your fingertips once you get used to them. Any jazz or soloist guitar player would likely find these extremely comfortable to use. I also prefer the high thickness so there's no flex in the pick while playing which makes it easy to judge the pressure you're putting on the strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name prsjames review Nice picks, much brighter sounding than the jazz 3 nylon picks. I prefer the jazz 3s since thr jazz 3s are warmer sounding and wear resistant. but these pitch blacks are not bad. They do wear down quickly but a dozen should last a good amount of time.  This pick does what jazz picks are suppose to do and in my university's jazz ensemble the three tips are useful and makes playing difficult jazz chord  easy. It will feel awkward at first if you never used jazz picks but once you get the hang of it you'll never go back to standard picks. overallrating 4   lineend
name Rick review  If you like Jazz Guitar picks and if you like Tortex picks this is the perfect marriage.  These are the best.  Enjoy. overallrating 5   lineend
name T. Cox review I've been a Jazz III fan since 1997 starting with the red (too buttery and rounded sounding) and then moving to the black (durable but a bit tubby sounding). Eventually I tried a 1 mm Tortex of this pick which had good attack but was somewhat mushy sounding through amp sims.But then I tried this .60mm and holy cow the sound change was like getting new pick ups. More mids, more attack, faster attack, scratchier attack, and less lows. Now you'd think this would make your guitar sound thin, and indeed it sounds thinner but also clearer by a factor of two.Thus when recording through amp sims, you get a clearer more dynamic more attack-ish sound. When using the 1 mm the fundamental was a bit too strong which made for a mushy amp sim sound, but this .60mm did the trick. It just sounds heavier, tighter, and more articulate. While it does wear faster, for recording purposes it's my current ultimate pick of choice.So if your guitar doesn't sound clear, articulate, or aggressive enough first give this pack of picks a shot. But you don't have to take my word for it... da-nehh-nan! overallrating 5   lineend
name AMK review  I like them but I love the Schaller locks more. They don't feel as secure as the Schaller locks. Sorry overallrating 3   lineend
name bayou bob review i really like these...use with thick walker williams straps and evernthough they are thick straps they are soft enough to get these on..  the washer that goes on the strap is extremely thick and you have to fight it...but once you got it its a fine product..enjoy overallrating 4   lineend
name Carter review These are definitely my favorite strap locks there are plenty out there but these ones are mine I've always been a huge fan of Jim Dunlop products and will continue using them for years to come overallrating 5   lineend
name cvmaparadog review This system does not fail. Install it and you never have to worry about it again. Although it's a good idea to lube up bearings every once in a while. I put these on all of my guitars! overallrating 5   lineend
name Kevin review  I use these on all my guitars.  Love them.  Easy to assemble and use.  If you have trouble putting it on your strap google for some videos showing you how to use a pliers to push the clip on.  Once installed they are fantastic. overallrating 5   lineend
name Nick review Here's what strap locks are supposed to do: securely attach your strap to your guitar. These do that much better than Schallers and the Fender rip-offs of Schaller.I used the Schallers many years ago. They look great, but the problem is they screw onto the strap with a nut. I am very good with maintenance, check for loose parts, etc., but at one gig with my super heavy American deluxe 5 string jazz bass, the nut worked its way off the strap, and I dropped it. It was with a heavy leather strap, and I did tighten it down with pliers upon installation and I'm sure I kept it maintained. Absolutely ridiculous and inexcusable. Never again. Unless you want to inspect and retighten your strap locks at every single rehearsal and gig, forget about Schallers. They're a good company and they make great tuners, I don't fault the materials, it's simply that threaded things can work their way loose, a fatal design flaw for this type of device. Come on, its only purpose is to not allow something to come off of something else.The Dunlop strap locks fit on with a locking ring. It is impossible to remove these from the strap by accident. If you're having trouble getting the lockrings on, I have a YouTube video posted to my channel, NickWeissMusic, just search for Dunlop strap lock installation. It's kind of tough at first but with experience, it's very easy. The package instructions are correct but not very helpful.I have these on more than 10 instruments, and have never had even close to a failure in well over a decade. The package recommends periodically lubricating the mechanism inside the lock, but I have never done so, in my experience lubricants usually gunk things up more than they help for things like this. I've never had so much as a grind or squeak from the button or ball bearings in these strap locks, if I did, I'd probably just replace it. I do give the locks a little tug when I put them on to make sure they're engaged, other than that, you can forget about them, which is the way it should be.The only possible downside is that these strap locks keep the strap a little further from the instrument then using no strap locks or the Schallers do, to which I say, who cares. Well, I guess a lot of people care about that, since I see it in a lot of reviews. If using no strap lock or a poorly designed one is worth it to you, just so you can have your strap a quarter inch closer to your guitar, so be it. I have seen Ernie Ball strap locks that seem to be a little lower profile, I think they use lock rings too. Maybe try those, but I'm sticking with the flawless track record of the Dunlops. overallrating 5   lineend
name Parabola review A bit invasive and awkward.  I like another brand more because they feel a little more solid..  These feel a bit weak. overallrating 3   lineend
name slambusky review I buy Dunlop locks pedals straps they all are top quality and I love them all. you need a strap strap locks or pedals buy dunlop overallrating 5   lineend
name C. P. Hendrix review I just got these in and I have to say, very disappointed.  It's as if I went into a boy's shop and bought a large shirt and expected it to fit a man.  What do they call medium or small?  This \"large pick\"  barely goes over my thumbnail area. I can hold it, sort of, so we'll see how well it works with my hybrid plectrum project.  (BTW, I'm an average grown man, 5'7\ 165)  More to come...Here we go, a few months later:  I just had a chat with a music store guy and found out that a \"large\" thumb pick refers to the thickness of the pick!  Bottom line, if you want a thumb pick that fits, go to a store and try before you buy!  Good luck to all. overallrating 3   lineend
name frank arcidiacona review Iv'e tried a lot of thumb picks( i use them for bass) you no what that doe's to them,these are the one's i'm staying with these thumb's. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ordinary guy review I've been using National medium thumb picks for the last year until my last one broke.  Decided to try the Dunlop.  Overall - I'm very pleased with this pick.Previous reviews have indicated that these picks are smaller than the National mediums.  This is true, but isn't a complete description.  Basically, the National picks are much more elongated - so while the nail to thumb-pad distance is about the same on both, the across nail distance is much greater on the National picks.  I actually find the Dunlop pick to fit much better, and I don't get extra overhang as with the National (which tends to catch the string). overallrating 5   lineend
name Steve review I wear a large sized glove, so assuming that would translate, I got these.  While I can force it over my thumb, it is very tight and uncomfortable (i.e., pinches).  My thumbs don't have a particularly excessive diameter either.  I'm gonna try to heat these so I can stretch them a bit.  I know they need to be snug so the pick doesn't rotate when being used, but this is ridiculous.  Three stars because if they fit you, it is a nice pick (it would be 5 if they were described correctly for sizing). overallrating 3   lineend
name Wm review These items, though well made, and strong, are sized rather differently to National picks - With the National, I need a Large, so I ordered Large in this item - it is, however very tight, smaller in fact than a National Medium thumb pick.Essentially a waste of money. overallrating 3   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I have a gibson les paul that I bought used. When it arrived the fretboard was in good shape, but very dry. I first tried lemon oil and it would work, but in about a week the fretboard would feel dry and have an ashy color to it (its rosewood). So I started looking for another solution and found the Gerlitz Guitar honey.I ordered it and applied it.  A few hours later I restrung my guitar and started playing and didn't care for the way the fretboard felt. I think it is because the guitar honey is a little thicker than lemon oil and it felt a little slimy because it wasn't completely dry. I decided to give it another 24 hours.The next day the guitar neck looked and played great. It is a darker color than any of my untreated rosewood fretboards and plays like a champ. Bends and slides are smoother than ever.Great product and one that I will continue to use. If you need a quick treatment before a gig or something, I would recommend lemon oil because it dries quickly. But I would use this in every other regular maintenance situation. overallrating 4   lineend
name aspaeth review This treatment, after I let it soak in for 24 hours, made my fingerboard look great and play fast. A little goes a long way! overallrating 5   lineend
name Bilbo review As I mentioned in my review about guitar polish (already forgot what kind), I'm not really a guitar polish connoisseur, but this makes my fingerboards feel real good.  It got rid of that scratchy feeling when I bent strings, dissolved the crud, and makes the fretboard look just lovely.  It probably works as a fine hand conditioner too, but who can say.  Again, because I'm rather slack on the guitar maintenance thing, this bottle will also last me years. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Shumway review I used this on the fretboards of my electrics and acoustics. It was easy to clean and left the wood feeling soft and polished without that slick feeling that other oils do. Highly recommended overallrating 5   lineend
name eatablog review Works as advertised.  Makes the fretboard look and feel nice! I imagine this stuff will last for quite a long time as well since you only really use this when you're changing your strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name Garyb review I use this on the fretboard of my new Hohner wc03 Parlor and two Epiphone AJ220sce Acoustics. They had mimimal oil/stain from the factory.  Keeps the wood smooth and beautiful for much longer than a few weeks.  I use it every other time I restring my guitars, It is a really good product, I use it on all of my guitars, except my Strat that has a maple neck.. overallrating 5   lineend
name MetalFan review I bought this to use on an older acoustic guitar neck which was a bit faded and after 2 uses, the wood looks great again. I used the honey twice in 2 days and brought back the maple wood to like new condition.This honey works fast and well and will make playing the fingerboard alot easier. I saw this in my local shop for the same price minus shipping after I bought this, but I do not use it much so it should last a long time. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michaela review I bought a guitar that had been sitting in a guys closet for the longest time, and the fret board was so dry and colorless. I used this, and the color became rich and less dry. If your fret board is pretty dry, DO NOT remove the oil. Let it sit overnight and then remove it with a towel. Leave it longer depending on how dry the fret board is. I love this because it doesn't leave an oily residue and it doesn't have a smell that stands out. I didn't even notice a smell. I definitely would say this is a must-have. overallrating 5   lineend
name Russ review I requested this for Christmas in 2011 and was pleased to get it. I've used it on at least 7 guitars and it works great. First I used it to treat clean fingerboards that were in good shape and it worked well. It can even make a big improvement to the dry, porous surface of a cheap fretboard, and good rosewood fingerboards love the stuff.Later on I got some used guitars and used cleaned the gunky fingerboards with Guitar Honey (apply it, scrub with toothbrush, wipe with paper towel, repeat) and it did a lot better than I expected at removing the yucky buildup next to the frets.I like to apply it fairly heavily and lay the guitar down with the fingerboard level and facing up, and give it time to soak in. You will notice that some areas soak it more than others. I move it around on the fretboard so it soaks in evenly. Then wipe off the excess with a paper towel and you're ready to go.When I wipe down the strings after playing the first time or two after treating with Guitar Honey, the rag shows dark lines where the Guitar Honey cleaned the strings. I like making my strings last longer!Get some. I don't think you'll regret it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Seventh-777 review I have a lot of high end instruments, and I live in New England so proper fretboard care is a must - especially with ebony and other woods that are prone to cracking and drying.This stuff is fantastic - MUCH better than lemon oil, dries a lot cleaner and doesn't leave any oily residue on the board at all. An hour after it's applied it sets up and doesn't get on your hands. I apply it on occasion with the strings on (I use Elixirs) and have never once had a problem.The best few bucks you'll spend on guitar care. 5 Stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tommy B review This stuff is great. Leaves board clean and fast. No residue, no sticky and no oil film. Price is right. If you use any fingerboard treatment, try this one... overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam G review Just bought this to see if it would inspire any new sounds for me.  WOW I love it.  The capo works great with no buzzing and holds the strings down well.  I am using it with a Seagull Entourage mini jumbo.  It sounds divine.  It makes chords nice and open and it is a blast to play with on the folk sound of the seagull, a nice mellow relaxed open sound.  Inspires my ears to make music.  Buy it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jake review This capo is great for adding another level to your guitar playing without retuning your instrument!Highly recommended! Just a nice sound it brings to your playing and has a bunch of great new chord combinations to mess around with! overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick from Westport, MA review I play in different tunings and just slapping this on a standard tuned guitar makes for a lot of fun.  That's all I can say.  It makes me creative and I have easily thrown together a dozen instrumental fingerstyle tunes using this.  It's just fun. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sessue review This partial capo from Kyser has the same design, construction, and ease of use as Kyser's top-ranked and bestselling 6-string cano. It is definitely recommended. If you choose to go down he partial capo path, though, it's best that you either jam with friends who are familiar with partial capos or buy Randall Wolliams' manual on the partial capo, since its use is not intuitively obvious. overallrating 5   lineend
name Yeemeister review this capo helps make aesome music, thankful for it, i like using it for all kinds of palying, like at the beach overallrating 4   lineend
name AF review  I've been using this for roughly a year now, and it works fine.  It feels a bit cheap, but then it IS cheap.  It's not as easy to move as a spring-loaded capo, but it's also much lower profile.  Overall, I like it and it's certainly worth the (minimal) price. overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  This is a pretty good deal if you look at the price of other capos, and you get free shipping.Yeah, it's not as quick to use as the spring loaded ones, but still not bad; better than an elastic strap type.It is also great for creating your own short cut and drop D capos.  With a sharp razor you could do all sorts of crazy stuff.Do not overtighten the screw because the bottom arm is thin. You can add a pad of some sort, or just take care to not to over-tighten it.I'm the type of person that would glue in a small piece of material if it broke through.  So, far it doesn't look like it will though. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ell Bee review  This works with equal ease across all six strings, or only the bottom three.  Haven't run across a need to try it on the top three by themselves yet. But judging by its performance on the bottom three, and its fierce grip, it'll do just fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name JdoubleH review It'll do for setup work, and the price is right. I wouldn't recommend it for live use or for anyone who changes keys every song, its too fiddly to adjust and get firmly set. I also wouldn't recommend it for anyone just starting out. A spring clamp type capo would serve better. This one is probably best for somebody who rarely needs to use it, and just wants one one hand or to keep in the case as a back up. overallrating 3   lineend
name Linda S. Frederickson review works like it is suppose to, good quality.I am able to produce my music with the proper sound needed for the song.Thank You Kyser Capos overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Griffith review I bought the capo for the guys at a correctional facility that I work for. It gets abused, so I don't look for it to last long. Would not buy it for my own guitar. overallrating 3   lineend
name snocyclist review Works great, but it is a little annoying to have to tighten and loosen the screw to use every time.Some responses to comments I've seen in the reviews:--I've had mine for 5 years, used moderately, and the wear on the metal from the bottom of the screw is negligible. Haven't put a pad there or anything.--The manual screw functionality does, I feel, give an added level of control...you can make it very tight to ensure no buzz.--However, range of motion is on the wide side. To get it to properly capo the first fret on my acoustic, I have to put it right on the edge of the 1st string, and screw it down all the way, and it does sometimes leave some buzz.The price is nice though, so I would recommend it as a perfectly fine capo. overallrating 4   lineend
name Tammy R Slayton review I prefer my spring loaded capo, but this one works ok on my guitars. I'm surprised I haven't broken it yet. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review I got it today in the mail, and i already tried it. It's really cheap product but it works really well. I'm really happy with it and it made me save several minutes to change my strings. overallrating 4   lineend
name applegd07 review This string winder is adequate but not really solid. It gives me good use but seems like the materials are to soft. I had to glue the contacts on this thing since it gives way at times. This is just adequate for my use. overallrating 3   lineend
name AT review I hate winding strings. I got this to help with that. It does it job very well. You can string your guitar in a fraction of the time. It could be a little tougher but as long you don't give it hell it will be fine. Great and cheap product! overallrating 5   lineend
name colton cooper review Pretty simple tool, did exactly what I needed it to for a decent price. I'd order again if I needed another one! overallrating 4   lineend
name delighted review Nice to use and easy and smooth in putting the guitar strings on place on the guitar - very easy overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald review It is a nice smaller version of the 114SI Road Pro.It would be great if it had a steel shaft.The plastic shaft feels like it will break.But it is cheeep! overallrating 3   lineend
name Ecadad review this makes winding strings MUCH faster, but it does feel flimsy, and the end piece doesn't fit over my tuing pegs correctly, so it's a bit of a haslle getting started. Other than that it's great for the price, but not a must have overallrating 3   lineend
name Ell Bee review  And that's all I've got to say about it. It hasn't stuck, broken, or slipped in any of the string-changes I've used it for. Costs a little extra, but well worth that price. You'll need a new one about every ten years or so. overallrating 5   lineend
name Laytonium review I bought this cause i needed something to easily change the strings on my guitars. This thing works great. For the price you can't beat it. Maybe one day I might get the powered one but until then this thing will do. Fits in your pocket, gig bag, etc. So you can have this thing on the go. Works great and you can't beat the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Network13 review Lets face it, in general string winders are pretty much all the same right? WRONG! I went with this one because I trusted the Dunlop name. What a let down. on the second guitar I used it on the handle and the head separated, sure you can press it back together, but after separating several times on every string, it gets a little old....quick. Already ordered a different one to replace it. One thing I cant stand is inferior tools. overallrating 1   lineend
name N. McArthur review  Jim Dunlop has produced these for more years than I'd like to admit to personal knowledge.  As long as I can remember, I've had one in my case and one on the workbench.  There are dozens of wannabe models, but none are as genuinely authentic as good ol' Jim Dunlop's.  I gotta remember not to get the black ones, though.  I seem to lose them to easily - or maybe they are really that good, and they just get 'borrowed'. overallrating 5   lineend
name No Name review A simple device, yet so useful.  I hate changing strings without one, anymore.  Dunlop provided an inexpensive winder that's durable. overallrating 5   lineend
name Reaperman review Ok its cheap. You knew that when you bought it. I really thought it was going to be more then one since it said assorted and showed a few in the picture. It was only one and it was red. Broke with first use. overallrating 1   lineend
name crazy finger magic review Unique product offering new kind of protection from fingerprints, dust, oxidation, squeaks, or &#34;gummy areas&#34;. 2 or 3 drops on a cotton ball and treat several guitars. This is a thin viscosity lube that shines your woodgrain better than new. I don't like greasy feeling products on my guitars so Dr. Duck 2080 Ax Wax is designed for my needs. I threw  out my Gibson spray. Too oily. Dr.Ducks Wax is worth the extra $3. This bottle will last a lifetime. You could use it on your Johnson if you wack off the finish. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Sharpguy review Dr. Duck's Ax Wax works great on all of my guitars, including my Nitro finished ones.  Can be hard to remove if you use too much, so apply only a few drops at a time. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hitthespot review This was recommended by a guitar repair shop, and I have found it is a well rounded product that all guitar players should keep on hand.  It will polish, and lube things like Floyd Roses.  Do your strings get funky from the acid in your skin oil?  Wipe them down with a little DR. Duck's Ax wax before you place your guitar back in the case.  The secret is always use the least you can get away with.  Too much for polishing and you will be rubbing it off forever. overallrating 4   lineend
name J. Perry review  Use very little of this. Rub it on and it then dries like wax then buff it off. It also lubes your strings. Good all around product. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael Berish review  Does it all.  Perfect for cleaning and waxing guitar; don't need a bunch of different items; this does it all. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I dunno, cause I'm stingy with stars.  These have a nice sound.  I had an old guitar I bought for cheap at a garage sale for my son (8 at the time) to play on, but never really cared for it.  I finally got it out and started to tune it, but the steel strings broke.  SO I replaced with these.  It's a classic guitar, it shouldn't have had steel strings to begin with. overallrating 4   lineend
name applegd07 review great sounding strings. you can hear the difference once it is used. i will try to buy another one after i have proven its performance. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ariana Rivadeneira review  These are really cheap strings but how they sound!! really good!! obviously not for serious live performing but for playing with friends or just rehearse, these are the ones! overallrating 5   lineend
name B review D'Addario strings have never failed me. These are so much better than the other nylon strings I used to buy where the ball end always broke. These strings sound nice and you can't go wrong with the price tag either. overallrating 5   lineend
name Carlos review I have a Don Pablo Cuban guitar, made in 1969,, for a few months,,, never change the strings,, and sounds great,,, I put this strings,, and wao,,know sounds wonderful,, few guitarist fellows could not believe the sound of the guitar after the string change,, try,, this are the best overallrating 5   lineend
name cassandra tu review  Restrung my guitar with no problems. These were my first set of new strings so I dont really know what to fuss about hen comparing strings but these seem to work fine and have a great tone. I can really hear the difference between new and old strings. The strings are nice and smooth, and springy, very easy to press on. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris30542 review These take a while to break in but the tone is smooth and warm. They made my Cordoba C5 sound like a more expensive guitar. Not overly bright, just a richer tone overallrating 5   lineend
name Henry W. review I bought a cheap 3/4 guitar that sounded really bad.  I replaced the stock strings with the D'Addario strings and it made it sound much better. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Parks Hammond review Great prce overallrating 4   lineend
name kay bhee review in the old days, we used tobe able to buyall 6 NYLON clear strings....now tis almost impossible....with these strings on even a cheap or semi decentclassic geeetar....one will prefer playing on the hi 3 treble strings...very nice, resonant, and clean...not shrillbutwhat is that garbage metallica with the other 3 supposed to bebass strings i dont know...Again, like someone else NOTED the OBVIOUS>>>>>sound transition from the nylon to the wire wound nylon is GIGANTIC.This makes the move from the D to the G string too noticableCANT THEY EVEN MAKE  6 strings that sound similar for the same one guitar even ?makes it sound like 2 different geeetars totally...sucks bad now.oohthanks man overallrating 2   lineend
name K. Nguyen review  I can't really say anything negative about this set of nylon strings.It sounds really good on my classical guitar. Will buy it again in the future. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayfinder review I've played guitar for some 35 years and have found D'Addario strings to be of consistently good quality.  They are one of maybe three companies I trust to manufacture a good set of strings no matter what classification of instrument.  Whether classical (nylon), acoustic (brass) or electric (nickel)... their strings produce excellent sound and are durable.Like any string, one needs to match size and construct to personal playing style.  That comes through reading reviews and quite often, simply testing.  But I've never played a set of this brand that I didn't like.  They always provide vibrant tonal quality.And no I don't work for D'Addario; just a long-time fan. : ) overallrating 5   lineend
name barleypopmaker review  I love these picks and the .88mm seems to be the perfect balance of stiffness and suppleness for my playing. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bobby L. Tefft review I am a LONG time user of the big Fender triangular picks.  I play rhythm guitar in a bluegrass here in Columbus, Ga.  I play mainly a Martin HD-28, but also have a Blueridge BR-180 and a Seagull S6 Coastal Spruce.  I bought a set of these to try them out.While I have nothing negative to say about these picks, I still prefer my big Finder's.  I guess I'm just too used to the big pick.  While I was playing Katy Daley with one of these Tortex picks, I found that my index finger was hitting the strings, on occassion.If you haven't been tainted for the big Fender picks, then try out a set of these.  I guess I could get used to them, but will stick with the big Fenders for now. overallrating 5   lineend
name F. Sasso review  These are my favorite picks to play with.  The Dunlop Tortex Picks have such a nice warm sound on acoustic. overallrating 5   lineend
name James Limborg review  These are excellent guitar picks.  They don't slip in my fingers like the Eddie Van Halen guitar picks I purchased a while back. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick review  Tortex picks are the best.  Pitch black is so cool.  1  mm is the perfect thickness.  Don't buy those other picks, buy these because Tortex ... Black .... 1  mm is the perfect combination. overallrating 5   lineend
name Shady Neighbor review If you have not used Tortex picks before, I highly recommend giving them a try.  They are NOT flimsy plastic that cracks and splits like most of the tortoise shell picks you see.  These are much more flexible so they last forever.  The only reason I've ever needed to get a new one out of the package is because I lost the one I was using...Just be aware that 0.50mm is really light for most players.  They do sell these in many different thickenesses and colors, so give order a few different ones to see what you like.  My favorite is the 0.70mm...  it has the perfect balance of flex and strength. overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam G review I sprayed on all my guitars.  No problem with any chemical reactions.  It polished the body of the glossy guitars up like new.  Now i can see how guitar stores keep them looking so nice.  It must be from a product like this.  They seriously look brand new.  Makes nicks and scratches less noticeable.  If you want a nice looking guitar for the stage or display, this stuff works. overallrating 4   lineend
name A. Mayse review Used this on my mandolin and it brought back the new instrument sheen it had lost months ago. I sprayed it on a bit of cheesecloth, used that to rub the instrument down, then wiped with a soft Chamois, worked like a charm. overallrating 5   lineend
name Arlcay review I love the Dunlop Formula 65 polish and cleaner. It works really well, and I like the easy to use pump spray mechanism. I've used other brands in the past, and they had poor spray nozzles. This one works almost like a mist. It does a good job of removing smudges and fingerprints. I spray it directly on the surface of the guitar, and then wipe it off with a flannel cloth. After I'm done the shine looks glassy and great! overallrating 5   lineend
name aspaeth review It has a pleasant smell to it, not harsh at all. A little goes a long way. My guitar polishes up really nice after wiping it down with the dunlop 65. nothing to complain about. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bilbo review I can't say I'm a polish connoisseur, but this stuff seems to work very well.  It shined up all my instruments and got rid of all those nasty fingerprints and smudge marks.  I'm not very diligent in my guitar maintenance, so this bottle should last me for years. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Shumway review Dunlop 65 cleans the smudges and fingerprints off, but I dont know how well it actually polished. I like it well enough, just make sure you have a microfiber cloth to keep from scratching the lacquered surfaces. overallrating 4   lineend
name cassandra tu review  I get a lot of grease on my guitar from lotion, sweat, fingerprints, dust, what have you; I take some of this, spray it on a cloth, give it some elbow grease, and my guitars are shiny as the day it was made. I use it on my acoustic and electric guitars. The bottle lasts pretty long cause the mist is pretty fine. I use two sprays on the cloth for the front side of the guitar and then repeat for the back. It has a fresh lemon scent. I recommend this to everyone, a lot of product for an affordable price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chandler review Very nice polish! I have thirteen guitars and I would like to keep them all looking as great as they were new! Gets very shiny and smooth almost like its new from the guitar shop! Use it on everything! overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris review Friend of mine has been playing/cleaning/modifying guitars for some 30+ years and this is what he recommended I use on my guitar to clean it.  Who am I to argue with him, he's used them all and said this was the best.  Easy to use - a little goes a long way, works very well and shines up nice.  He was right - great product! overallrating 5   lineend
name David Burch review The standard for mild, non-oily instrument cleaners. Leaves no residue, easy on old guitars' finishes. I have used it for years. overallrating 5   lineend
name desrtroz review Item arrived on time and as described.  My son loves this polish/cleaner.  He likes to keep his guitars clean and shiny.  They glisten when he uses this to polish them.  Great product! overallrating 5   lineend
name DMGenest | review  I was looking for a cleaner and a polisher to get the grease and grime off my guitars. I decided to trythe Dunlop Formula 65 Polish & Cleaner. I thought, why not try a 2 in 1 formulation? After all, thereare shampoo and conditioners in one bottle, and that works well for me. So why not this? Possiblyfaulty logic but I went with it at the time.Well I have to say that it did well. I used a soft cotton cloth, placed some Formula 65 on the cloth(Not the guitar) and slowly worked on the more oily looking areas of my Gibson ES-339. This guitarmodel has a high gloss black lacquer finish. The Dunlop Polisher & Cleaner did a very good job on thefinish and did not leave any streaks behind. It was after using the substance all over the guitar that I realized that one must not get Formula 65in any cracks or chips. I am thankful that I did not have any of said cracks or chips. I am usually oneto read directions thoroughly; but not this time. No harm done but I will make it a point to inspect myguitars for cracking or chipping prior to using Formula 65 again.                This stuff works well. It was able to lift off, with some effort, greasy build-up over the last year. I amnot a messy person but oily hands can and often leave smudges that mar the surface of the finish. Notonly does it clean up the oils from my hands and gosh knows what else, it also left a nice shine as well.The finish looks very good. This 4oz bottle will go a long way. It doesn't take much to work.I tried using an untreated micro-fiber polish cloth and that only pushed the oily mess around. That iswhen I decided to get the Dunlop Polisher & Cleaner. It definitely worked a lot easier than the un-treated micro-fiber cloth. I am now using the micro-fiber cloth to rub off any new smudges as theyoccur. I plan to re-apply the cleaner/polisher when I oil my fret board a couple times a year.I gave the Formula 65 Cleaner & Polisher 4-1/2 stars due to the fact you can potentially do damage toyour guitar. Chips and cracks do occur throughout the course of a guitar's life and can be expectedalbeit not wanted. So 4-1/2 stars because it does what it says it will do but you've got to be carefulusing it. So...be careful out there people....NOTE: There is a \"California Propositon 65 Warning\" on the web page under 'Product Details'. Amazonhas placed it there as a public service. It reads: \"WARNING: This product contains chemicals knownto the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm.\" Just thoughtyou ought to know. overallrating 4   lineend
name Don review  Up until a few years ago I had been using the same old brand I'd been buying for 20 years.  Then, I tried this recipe... Dunlop 65.  It is wonderful.  It does everything the product description tells you about.  Excellent cleaner on both wood (painted and natural) and metal.  I use it to clean not only the body, but the tuning heads and bridge on my bass guitar.  No nasty residue build up over time.  It cleans and polishes just like it was designed to do, without streaking and so on.  You'll like this stuff better than anything you've used to date....or at least I think so.  I sure do. overallrating 5   lineend
name eatablog review Spray on a fairly minimal amount across the body of the guitar and rub down with a lint free cloth.  Shines nice and doesn't leave it feeling oily/sticky.  Smells nice and makes your guitar looking new! overallrating 5   lineend
name Fender Fan review This polish works well for what I need it for. I am not a clean freak but I take good care of my instruments and this works well not only to remove the crud and fingerprints from a gig, but puts a nice shine on the guitar without having to work to hard with the polish to get there. overallrating 4   lineend
name G. Eguia review  I like this cleaner - it's gentle on my guitar finish and it doesn't smell bad either. overallrating 4   lineend
name Guitarslim review My buddy used this for a long time so I thought I'd give it a try. Shines up guitars very nice. I use it every time I change my strings for a little zaz. It does It's job in fantastic fashion, but doesn't last the longest. The shine will fade soon enough, but looks great while it lasts. overallrating 5   lineend
name JETPILOT review This is the best guitar cleaner and polish I have ever used. It cleans the grime and greasy fingerprints off very easilly and leaves a brilliant shine without a waxy/greasy feeling that cream polishes leave. This is a must for black guitars. Great product. Only wish was that is was bigger than 4oz. It's quite expensive for 4oz. But 2 or 3 sprays does the whole guitar including the neck. overallrating 5   lineend
name jimmpannzee review Took away my fingerprints and dust off my guitar and polished it to a shine that you couldn't see a reflection in yourself! overallrating 5   lineend
name John S. review provides a great finish with a nice glossy shine.  Does not leave streaks if used properly.  This dries quickly every time. overallrating 5   lineend
name kiboy review  Have used it on a couple of ukuleles.  On my old dirty beginner uke that had been sitting in a closet unused for years it really made it look like new again.  I'm satisfied. overallrating 5   lineend
name Larry G. Kent review  This has got to be one of the best polish ive ever used on a guitar?Going to also last for a long time, cause just a small amount goes a long ways. overallrating 5   lineend
name LARRY review I have many acoustic guitars and I use this on all of them to keep them looking good. Easy to use, wipe on and wipe off. overallrating 5   lineend
name L. G. Pichardo Calderon review It really makes your guitar shine! Also I use it on my guitar neck and fretboard and keeps it smooth and shiny. 5 stars. Also the price is right. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael W DeSilva review This is just an excellent product. I have been using this product on my guitars for over a year now and as long as they keep making it, I will keep using it. You only need a very little bit to polish the entire guitar and you don't need to use it for every polish. Once you put it on initially, you can simply buff your guitar with a dry cloth for the next two or three cleanings and the shine comes right back. There is enough in one bottle to last a very long time.I highly recommend this product and would like to also refer you to the Dunlop 65 lemon oil for cleaning your fretboards. The lemon oil very quickly removes any residue and shines the fretboard up extremely well. When it dries, your fretboard is beautiful and very smooth for all your bending and sliding tricks. 50 stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mrs. Smith review Puts on a good shine for your instrument.  I like the spray bottle applicator.  You can even apply a shine to the fingerboard area underneath the strings. overallrating 4   lineend
name Sean review I love this product! It is very cheap and the spray bottle makes it very efficient for distributing an even ammout of product on your guitar.  You end up using just the right ammount.  Would definately recommend it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Solaceinsorrow review If there are still people out there who don't believe in magic, just try this. It has truly elevated my playing a few notches. I'd probably have bought another bottle already, but this one seems to be lasting forever! I've had it a few months now, I use it pretty much a few times everyday, and it still seems full.If after using this your playing doesn't improve, then maybe you should give up guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name stefanj review Nice Polish/cleaner  Really works very well on the finishes I have (cheap glossy chinese electrics, and a matte finish acoustic).  handy to have when your changing strings (to clean that nasty fretboard- wow do those things get dirty!) Pleasant scent (lemon oil), and no residue.  Lasts a long time (2 or 3 squirts will do an entire guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tachyon review Love this stuff, I have been using it for years and it always does the job well. Cleans polishes and has a pleasant citrus scent. Cleans off grease, fingerprints, old beer and restores that sweet shine. overallrating 5   lineend
name Taoshaman review I've relied on this stuff for years, and it has yet to let me down.  I play my guitars quite frequently, and they tend to collect a fair amount of sweat, etc., during a show. A couple sprays of this product and a quick wipe down with a guitar chamois return my axe to its shiny self, with zero degradation to the finish. I've even used this on matte or light finishes with good results.Tip: a little goes a long way. I play every week, I use this stuff every time I put away a guitar, and it still takes me at least a year or so to finish a bottle.  I figure this stuff costs me about 25 cents per month.  :) overallrating 5   lineend
name Teagan Mago review It's cleaned and polished pretty my Taylor guitar pretty well.  I would recommend this.  If not this one, at least buy some kind of cleaner/polish.  Protect your investment. overallrating 4   lineend
name Timothy Eastman review  You can use a standard eye-glass cleaning cloth (about 2 quid) with this instead of buying a micro-fibre cloth (at 5 quid) they both do the same, imo. You could also use eye-glass cleaning solution instead (which I have in the past) but this special solution works better on the wood and laminate surface of guitars - but not on eye-glasses (smiles). This really does shine up your wood quite well. I recommend. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Mayse review I am just learning how to play the mandolin, one of the problems I was having was supporting the mandolin and fretting the notes, since I got this strap adjusted I no longer have to hold the neck so I can concentrate on the notes, I like the fact that you can unclip the strap at either end without touching the adjustments so I can put it into my case without having the strap laying across the neck, yet pick it up and with one click it is ready to play. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. P. Hendrix review There aren't enough uke straps out there for a good price.  This one is great.  I take away one star because the padded part could be a bit smaller, lighter. overallrating 4   lineend
name David H. Bailey review I had purchased a different strap for my F-style mandolin and it was adequate but when I learned of this Neotech strap and how adjustable it was I ordered it and tossed my earlier strap.  This should be configurable for any mandolin body size and shape and for most human body sizes and shapes as well.  My only complaint is that the button hole doesn't stay on the end pin of my Epiphone mandolin.  I solved that issue though by taking a large triangular pick I wasn't happy with, drilling a hole in the middle and cutting a notch from the edge to the hole and then sliding this over the end-pin of the mandolin and the strap hasn't fallen off since (over 2 months of daily playing!) overallrating 5   lineend
name debi review This strap is uncomfortable and too flimsy to feel good, also doesn't fit an instrument where there's no place to hook it .  I returned mine, as it just didn't fit well for my uke or mandolin. overallrating 1   lineend
name Ed review This is a good quality product as advertised, fits well and enhances my efforts to play this instrument! I am satisfied. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe McParland review Recently acquired an Ovation mandolin, which itself is hardly &#34;standard&#34; in appearance, materials, etc., so I thought it would bea good opportunity to try a &#34;non-standard&#34; strap. I'm impressed! I'm thinking of picking up another for a more classical mandolin... overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Harriger review  It's definitely high-tech, but since I don't own a classic-looking or vintage mandolin, I don't really care about looks. My primary concerns are comfort and function, and this product gets five stars on both counts. I really like the fact that you can attach the contact points, and using the click-locks, remove the strap from the instrument while leaving the contact points in place. Also, if you get the strap twisted up while installing it, just undo the click-locks, take out the twist, and reattach it. Pure function! This strap was very well designed and thought-out before going to manufacture. Five stars! overallrating 5   lineend
name Sunluvr review  As others have said, the stretchiness of this strap makes the instrument seem much lighter and I am less likely to get an achy shoulder when playing for long periods of time.  It may take a few tries with different configurations of the attachable/detachable extensions to get it just right for you and your instrument, but don't give up, it's worth the effort. overallrating 5   lineend
name Altech review  This is a good looking strap. Much lighter and thinner then any strap that I have had. It has to be half the weight of others but that makes it very comfortable.Looks great on my blond Tele.The price is right as well.I like it overallrating 4   lineend
name A. Tapia review not your fender quality strap.  this is a cheap, extremely low quality strap.  I've had it for a few months and my guitar has not fallen yet, but I can see the wear on the end it's almost at breaking point.  I would not recommend it. It's ok as an emergency strap or to get you out of a jam, nothing else. overallrating 3   lineend
name Dako review  I decided to get this tweed strap for my 50s Telecaster Classic, but when it arrived, I was a bit let down. The tweed finish is cool enough, but the strap is very thin, and the strap ends are pretty poor quality. If they truly are made of leather, I feel sorry for the hide they came from. The leather is so hard, you almost need fingers of steel to get the eyelets spread far enough apart to get them around the guitar strap locks.This is decent for the time being, but I am definitely going to keep my eye out for something more suitable to my guitar. Feels like wearing a $10 Casio with a $1300 suit... overallrating 3   lineend
name Dustin Kempton review The tweed really grips on your shirt, the quality is perfection and they even give you a little string, if your using it for acoustic which I thought was sweet! Love fender. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fan Man review Not a flashy strap but great in the studio or on stage when you need to change guitars fast.Light weight allows you to remove quickly.It is pretty comfortable to wear also. overallrating 5   lineend
name fendertele67 review I have three of these straps more my Strats. Very comfortable and durable. I really like the metal link as opposed to the plastic link which hold the strap itself to the the leather button hole. Great product! overallrating 5   lineend
name Garot M. Conklin review For the price this is a pretty nice strap.  It's thin but does the job well. The simulated leather end pieces are noticeably &#34;cheap&#34; but its a guitar strap and has not failed me yet :) overallrating 4   lineend
name GolferMark review I used to buy leather straps but not any more. This strap is very nice and comfortable. It's also the cheapest one I ever bought. Can't go wrong. overallrating 5   lineend
name GunHawk review Not much to say...I wanted  Fended tweed guitar strap and this is the exact item in my sights. Thanks, it does what it's meant to do! overallrating 5   lineend
name John Barry review For the price this is a wonderful strap. It can get twisted and wear out, but keep it straight and it will last you a long time. It has a vintage look, very soft and comfortable. It also has that vintage Fender coolness factor. I have 30+ year old leather straps that will be around years after I'm gone but I paid a lot for them and they're not as comfortable as this. I've even used these on Gibson's (oh, the shame) but of course they look best on Fender's, I guess. The truth is they will work on anything. The strap ends are great, but they're not really secure. Gaskets can take care of that. I own quite a few of these are they're great quality, look cool (in a vintage kinda way) and feel soft on my shoulder. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Harriger review  I chose this for its good looks, but was pleased by its construction as well. A very well-made strap with great looks and a super price. My only complaint, which is very minor, is that I think the webbing could be thicker and have a more sturdy feel. It just feels lighter than I like, but that's a personal thing. I have no complaints about the construction, the looks or the price. I use mine on an Irish bouzouki, and it really looks great and works great. I don't like straps that have smooth liners that allow the strap to slide around. This cloth doesn't slide around, and that's a good thing. overallrating 5   lineend
name loumann review Sorry Fender...this one is just a waste of money.  Get something better that doesn't twist up an ravel into knots. overallrating 1   lineend
name MAURICIO S TAVARES review Beatiful, amazing strap. Very soft, very confortable, sits perfetcly on fender strap lock, and looks like my G & L Custom Fender Select Case. What else, so? overallrating 5   lineend
name pops review I have gotten comments on how cool it looks, I'm finding that I prefer a thicker strap, but this strap works perfectly overallrating 4   lineend
name A. Mayse review Unlike some other reviewers I have found no quality issues with mine, it came symmetrically bent with a plastic pad that doesn't smell like anything, it holds my harp exactly where it needs to be and is easy enough to remove, all I need to do is loosen the bottom wingnut, rotate the harp away from my mouth, and lift the frame over my head.To change out harps bite down on your harp, use your hands to depress the tabs on either side and then pull your head back sliding the harp out as you do, to insert a new one place your harp in your mouth, depress tabs and use your mouth to center the harp in between the plates, when it is in position release tabs making sure not to get your lips caught between the harmonica and the plates as they pinch shut. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles Wathen review The harmonica barely fits the holder, and there is no adjustment for distance from the mouth to the harmonica. I can't get the harmonica adjusted close enough to play it, unless I modify it. overallrating 3   lineend
name docpain review  its cheap//it worx// what more to say?welp...only other thing to say is ashame that itdoesnt have like a thin brass slip washer with oneof those finned lock washers on the adjustment wingnutsand it'd be perfect!!! (nope...i still havent found those lilbrass washers that size in my stash so im on the hunt :Dblow-on bruthas n sistas!Doc P. overallrating 4   lineend
name Igneous review I wish there was a fine pivot/angle adjustment to orient harp to mouth. I feel I have to angle my head awkwardly to use harmonica no matter how I set it up. I have a big neck and a prominent jaw so the armature does not extend as far as I think I need it to - causing the position of harmonica angle to be awkward for me. for the angle to be right it would be in my mouth ( LOL ).This is the least expensive holder I could find Nov 2013. Since it was inexpensive comparatively I will use a vice and bend it to suit me if my grand nephews don't want it.Also not sure why they don't make these wider to accommodate a larger variety of Harmonicas as it has a very strong spring action holding harmonica in place, could easily hold a much larger and longer harmonica if designed to do so. a 5 star mechanism 4 star armature design. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jim C review I ordered both this one and the Lee Oskar.  I couldn't find a usable position with either and was about ready to return them both then noticed that the shoulder piece on the Hohner had &#34;raised&#34; ends.  I reversed this piece where the ends angle down instead of up and it works ok.  The quality appears good.  The springs that hold the harp in are STRONG but by holding the harp in my mouth and using both hands I can change harps without removing the rack.This was my first shoulder rack and I didn't know what to expect.  I have to have it adjusted exactly right to be able to go from harp to singing and it's challenging but I can get it done. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joel Fritz review  This holder, and just about every holder I've ever bought, doesn't hold a harmonica at the right angle for me.  They all need one more joint to adjust the angle. I've had Hohner racks before so I was prepared.  I use harmonica holders for kazoos.  This one has a decent spring and may not require the use of duct tape or wire to hold the kazoo in place.  I may add the wire or tape just for the kazoo aesthetic.  The angle for kazoo use is fine.Obviously not everyone's head and neck are the same as mine.  This holder may work well for harmonica for some people.  If you can, you should try on holders before you buy. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mark Crabtree review I prefer this design that is fitted to hold the exact size of a diatonic compared to the style that is made to fit any size. Great quality, lasts forever. You won't be dissapointed. overallrating 5   lineend
name McEldoy review Great harmonica rack, for smaller harps.  Very strong in the set when worn.  A must have for any folk player. overallrating 5   lineend
name muttonchops review  This was the first time I ventured into the world of harp.I figured it out very easy and am pretty sure you will too.Fast shipping, no hassles.Thank you Amazon overallrating 5   lineend
name Sessue review I bought this in lieu of the more expensive Lee Oskar rack. I'm not a regular rack player and just wanted something to experiment with. This rack is constructed better than I had really expected. It's easy to adjust. However, I found the fit around my neck and the angle of the harmonica to be a bit awkward. Getting he harmonica unto te spring-loaded holder can be a bit tricky. Still, this is a good deal. overallrating 4   lineend
name Todd S. review This is an excellent product. I've used one of these before, and don't remember it having lock washers... this does. When you tighten this down, it actually stays tightened.For $10 you cannot go wrong with this. Bear in mind that it's for a standard 10 hole diatonic harmonica, not the 16 hole chromatic style. overallrating 5   lineend
name Vivid review In case you're wondering about the difference between this Hohner harmonica holder and the Hohners costing more than twice this one's price, this one is made in China while the others are made in Germany. Now, I'm definitely not one of those who automatically dismiss the quality of Chinese made products. I have, in fact, many musical items of surprisingly good quality made there. This item however has some of the good, AND some of the more stereotypical problems of Chinese goods. Pros: Cheap. Sturdy. And unlike some reviewers, I love the taller height. Far far better for you ergonomically not having to stoop and scrunch your neck and windpipe. I also like the tighter springs, though that does take a little getting used to. But the secure feel of your harp is worth the slight extra effort. Now, the Cons: It's true what others have said: the plastic neck tube smells. Not as bad as some have said, but an annoying chemical smell is definitely noticeable. I cut that off and got a big wide replacement tube at TAP Plastics for a buck (make sure the one you get is wide enough to slide over the bends in the neck loop bar thingee - I got the 1/2\" diameter). 2nd and perhaps bigger problem is that the metal is NOT bent evenly. Mine was distinctly taller on one side than the other, and the neck loop was WAY off. I did my best to bend all parts to even, but the flat metal part is tough to shape. The reason I didn't return it is that I figure most of them are equally uneven: I just picture a bunch of poor souls slaving away bending these suckers by hand, with little or no machine help to ensure consistency. With the work I did on it myself, it works fine and is now fairly even, and like I said, the taller height is just about right for me. It's just annoying that some of the most basic expectations aren't met (like holding your harmonica at an even height on both sides). All this said, the bottom line is that I prefer using this OVER my German made Hohner holder because it's better ergonomically (taller), holds my harp more securely, and the traditional dual butterfly nut design just works far better and with less effort than the \"nouveau\" single butterfly nut design of my more expensive German Hohner. Knowing what I know of its drawbacks, I'm still tempted to pick up another as a back-up or spare. It's a great deal if you're willing to do a little work on it. overallrating 3   lineend
name WAYA review This is a good neck rack for gigging...It DOES  take a little tweaking and customizing to get it arranged right around your neck.But that goes for all neck racks really...Once it's fit to you though, It works beautifully! I use mine  daily and it hasn't failed me yet!Also, it will (with a little ingenuity)Hold a Kazoo, slide whistle and or humanaphone, I.E. \"nose flute\"  (I do a \"one man band\" act sometimes...) overallrating 4   lineend
name Tom review Overdrive that wont drive you over...love it for the price as usual danelectro delivered I love their products for that reason they sound like a couple hundred bucks and yet.... overallrating 4   lineend
name Yu review Works great for the price!! I just started to get into pedals and I thought I'd try something cheap like this, and I was not dissatisfied. Don't mistake this for a distortion pedal for those who are new to all this, although you can get a distorted tone for this pedal, it just boosts the volume with slight raise in gain (For those who do know your shit please don't call me out on that, I don't really know and I'm just helping ones like me in simple terms,lol). It works great for switching to a more abrasive tone for solo'ing or just wanting to get loud in your songs.Definitely would pick this one up for a super cheap &#34;I just wanna try it&#34; pedal. overallrating 5   lineend
name cassandra tu review  At this price range, this little effects pedal does admirably. You can get pretty decent sound out of this. No need to spend a lot, especially if your'e on a budget this is pretty good. I took off one star because the tone is sort of weird sounding in high-gain situations. Other than that I've had no problems. Holding up well. overallrating 4   lineend
name Charlo review Yes, this pedal is plastic, the switch is not the most durable feeling, and the knob placement is annoying.  At less than $15, you need to be able to look past these things.  I've had a higher failure rate with the Dunlop Cry Baby and that thing is built like a cinder block.  This pedal actually sounds pretty good when used as intended. Which is to say, this pedal does a nice job in overdriving the preamp tubes in your valve amplifier.  No brutalz here unless you already have a good amount of gain going.  No overdrive pedal lives up to it's potential running into a solid state (even modeling) amplifier.  It's just not what they are really intended to do and they end up sounding buzzy. Some have complained about RF interference with the use of the FAB pedals (getting radio signals through your amp).  I have had that happen with pedals costing 5x the price of the FAB- particularly when running a long pedal chain.  Based on tone alone, this pedal can overdrive your tube preamp as well as most anything out there under $100.  Check out the YouTube review of this pedal by a guy that goes by 'intheblues'.  I believe he uses a DRRI with a strat, and this pedal sounds GREAT.  If you did a blind test between this pedal and an overdrive costing north of $100 you may be surprised- particularly if your other gear (amp and guitar) are halfway decent.  What I did note though, was that this pedal has a wee bit more gain and a little less treble than my other TS type pedals.  That doesn't make it worse or better- just different.  The 'mid-hump' is actually less pronounced than in a tubescreamer, which is a good thing IMHO.  There are already enough tubescreamer clones on the market!  It will not perform miracles on lousy sounding guitars and amplifiers.  Incidentally, the pedal plays well with other dirt boxes.  Since it isn't true bypass, you will likely get some tone suck if you run a bunch of these in your chain, but if the rest of your pedals have decent bypass you will be fine.  Lest you mistake me for a novice fanboy with no point of reference for my review- I've been playing guitar since 1979 and have used 'vintage' dirt boxes since before they were vintage and overpriced.  I am years past caring about the brand and all about getting good sounds from simple gear.  YMMV- overallrating 4   lineend
name Daniel Berry Jr. review Great little pedal for a very reasonable cost. This pedal is durable too cause I have owned it for about two years and it has held up great so just because it is a little cheaper does not mean it is not a good pedal. Sounds great too. overallrating 5   lineend
name Guitarist, Bassist, Gamer review This thing sounds great with my tube amps, both with my 2 watt danelectro amp from 1962 with it's 8 inch speaker and my 12 watt excelsior from fender. It has a good range of overdrive levels. It is clearly a vintage style effect that is good for classic rock and dirty lo-fi stuff like The Black Keys, The White Stripes, and garage band like stuff. It is good as a light tone shaper and boost to put a distortion effect into feedback heaven and into total over the top sputtering fuzz. I love mine for the price, and its a good mix up compared to my modded SD-1 and my overdriven tube amps. It's different and just worth having to mess around with. Just be a bit gentle and the thick plastic case and switch will last. Also, the blue LED is very bright. Thats either an annoyance or great. Rock on! overallrating 5   lineend
name MrGizmo review Depending on the amp and guitar you have, this pedal is going to either really be great or be a bummer. It sounds terrific with my fender strat (single coil) Danelectro (lipstick pickups) on my solid state amps, giving them a warm tube like overdrive.It sounds terrible on my tube amp and my vintage silvertone amp, it really sounds aweful with my 1980's Kramer, loaded with humbucker pickups.You'll either love it or hate it! That will decide mostly on the type of guitar and amp you use, it's a different pedal with every combination. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mr Goop review The Danelectro FAB  series of pedals offer a great sound without digging into your budget.  The D-2 Overdrive effects pedal works great and gives me that soft growl fuzz that works well when playing the blues....  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is &#34; It tends to be a little noisey &#34;  if you turn the gain up too much.  You can get a noise filter to add to you pedal board that will take care of this and any other noise problems you may have.  This series of pedals ( FAB ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well.  Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but my view!!!.  You can't go wrong with this product, Danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product...I have six Danelectro effects pedals and they all work great... overallrating 4   lineend
name Pa user review This pedal is remarkable for useful tones. The sound may not be for everyone, but i already have a Boogie for the really metal like distortion. I needed something that was different but still usable, and I feel this pedal fills the bill.  The low price tag didn't hurt my feelings either. This is a win-win buying decision as far as I am concerned. overallrating 5   lineend
name Randy V. Brown review The FAB overdrive pedal does not work well for me. In fairness to the product, I was aware from reviews that it gives varying results based on guitar and amp. I have a Epiphone Les Paul Special II, with a Fender Frontman 25R amp. No matter how I adjust it, it has a muddy sound. I've heard it used with higher end guitars and amps with very good results. I took a chance based on the low cost, and I do plan to do some upgrades to my guitar. The guitar is new, and has the strings that came with it. I plan to get a better grade immediately, and that may be all I need to get the expected sound. There are several reviews of this product on You Tube. You can do a search there, and hear what it is capable of. overallrating 4   lineend
name A. Mayse review I use this on my mandolin, it is easy to use once you have the trick of it, first this thing has a long end with eyelets on it (that the other reviewers fear will scratch the neck of their instruments), and a short end (designed to prevent said scratches). To use place the capo on your strings with the short end facing you, use your left thumb to hold it in place with the short end dangling just below your thumb, next loop the long end over the back of the neck using your right hand to pull it under the neck and then up toward your thumb, this will trap the short end under the long end and prevent the long ends eyelets from touching your instruments neck, now just rotate your left thumb out of the way so you can buckle the strap in place and you are all set.I prefer this capo over the other 2 I have because it is so tiny, barely  bigger than the first two joints of my pinkie, and yet it does the job it was designed for, its small size means I can toss it in my mandos hardcase storage box and forget about it till I need it.The only downside to this is that the elastic will eventually stretch to where it will no longer work, but then again at 5 bucks you can't have everything. overallrating 5   lineend
name debi review It's very small.  It's a fabric stretchy capo, the old type, that's quite difficult to stretch and make stay.  It's made with an end that you stretch the fabric over to connect to hold the capo, but the end isn't very long and I don't trust it to stay while playing for long.  I'll keep it as a spare, just in case, anyway. overallrating 3   lineend
name Donald review it's hard to keep the loose end under the holes and since the holes are metal they can scratch the neck of the instrument. otherwise it's a good idea. overallrating 3   lineend
name Jorge Barbarosa review  Old tech bungee type of capo.  Inexpensive and works well.  You have to remember that banjos don't have a lot of tension on the neck to they really don't require a vice to get the job done.  Works well on Mandolin's too. overallrating 5   lineend
name KP review I needed a small capo for my mandolin and so I purchased this little guy. Works great, though I have to put it on at that 1st fret and then move it up to where I need it. overallrating 4   lineend
name NoKidding review Don't know what I expected for such a cheap price, but this product's quality is in line with its price. Also, the fit over my ukulele's fretboard is very tight, making it hard to put on and remove. overallrating 2   lineend
name A. Baker review I have had this stand for over 2 years and still like it's compact transport capability.  Since I purchased mine, several other musicians have purchased the same stand.  It is well built, and can handle heavy music binders without tipping.  I've used it  at both inside and outside gigs without any problems. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles Casterline review Other than being a little cheaply built it works great. I like the fold up into a small package idea. Room for a stand in the vehicle can be a problem for most of these types of stands. I can put this over the shoulder, carry my guitar and gigbag in one trip. overallrating 5   lineend
name mjosephl review A little large and not really light, but folds down and the tray folds in a clever way. Fits into the supplied bag with shoulder strap. Very well made, although the bag is a little lower quality. Sturdy enough to hold a big binder, 300 page spiral bound book and not feel at all unstable. Goes up and down and tilts back. No slippage. overallrating 5   lineend
name Vince Lewis review  A friend of mine has used this stand for over a year, and I ordered mine due to the quality and durability I saw with hers.  Much smaller to carry and lighter than the metal one I had before.  A little small tray for large fake books, but overall a winner... overallrating 5   lineend
name WillieJ review I bought this stand because I needed support for larger songbooks that my metal fold-up could not provide.  I really, really like it. Others in my music groups that have seen it have also gone out and ordered one.  It assembles quickly and easily, and folds up into a nice package for transport.  Every once in a while I have to tighten the lock cams, but that is no issue.  It is very sturdy and holds big music books very well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrew D. Flint review  This little stand serves so many purposes for me..At home, it is a keyboard stand and even a stand to put my pedalboard on when I want to test out different pedal configurations.At my gig, It holds my presonus mixer, A laptop and all of my wireless transmitters and receivers..  It is so versatile because it can be narrow or wide AND Short or Tall..As well, I have the onstage connector that will allow you to connect a mic boom to it..  I plan on using this one day to hold my Ableton Live machine as well as a small 2 octave keyboard and I will use the mic boom arm at that point!  Even as a keyboard stand, I like it because I can put pedals underneath it..  WIth it fully extended to &#34;Long&#34; mode, I can fit both my pedal train pro and mini underneath it..  Of course, that is 54 solid inches of stage front though..  Which is indeed a lot for the small places I fit into with my duo.. overallrating 5   lineend
name Maria A review Love that I didn't have to assemble this stand!  Just had to unfold it. Was easy to adjust and is very stable. It's nice to be able to sit down at keyboard without having to worry about bumping it. Also seat fits perfectly under it when not in use. overallrating 5   lineend
name Matthew L. Adams review This is certainly a heavy duty stand!  It weighs quite a bit, is made of solid metal, and I would not hesitate to think it could hold quite a bit of weight.  However, while it seems stable side-to-side, the spread of the legs does not taper much at all from top to bottom, and I believe it would fall over quickly if bumped from the front or back.  This makes me nervous for live performances or close quarter practices. overallrating 3   lineend
name Personne review This is a reasonably robust stand that easily carries an 88-key keyboard.  The front-back spread on the legs is a little too narrow for stage applications, but having room underneath for pedals is a huge improvement over the more-common 'X' stand. overallrating 4   lineend
name synthezatory review It's really flexible on how you're planning to put on top of it. The only small con is the top surface, you might wanna get a cheap Ikea board for it so you can throw anything. I put my guitar amp head (around 40lbs I think), and two monitor speakers without a problem. Love it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Amber review I bought a cheep violin to decide if I would like playing it and the pegs kept slipping. The peg drops really helped keep it in tune I wouldn't have been able to do it without the drops. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bluesage review  Can't play any instrument that has wood pegs without having a small bottle of Peg Drops.  Though I don't know why they don't put guitar type turners on violins, cellos and bases overallrating 4   lineend
name bluezman714 review I have a 1918 Chezch Violin and it's sparked my 11 year olds interest. My pegs are in great shape but I figured I'd get this oil to make starting to play the violin easier on him. overallrating 4   lineend
name Boiler98 review Got these to stop the pegs from slipping in my cheap new violin.  Added a couple drops, and it worked like a charm.  A must buy for anyone buying a cheap starter violin. overallrating 5   lineend
name SJ Holley review I was given a violin (fiddle) by my friend who decided they would never really learn to play.  The violin hadn't been used in quite some time so the pegs were really loose and wouldn't tune at all.  I got this product to see if I could fix the problem.  It worked just as it said it would.  A drop or two on each peg tightened them up enough to be able to tune the violin.Now that it's being played more regularly it's easier to tune, but know that if they pegs get loose again I have the product to fix the problem. overallrating 5   lineend
name StudentBern review Wow, this works!  At first, I was a little wary about using the liquidThe Original Peg Drops by Ardsleyon the pegs for apprehension from the warnings that came with the product.  Being my own bumbling teacher, there was a fear I could damage the finish on my rather inexpensive instrument.  However, I needed help tuning a couple of balky pegs, so I closed my eyes and blundered ahead (that's just a figure of speech; for I was careful, using the stuff for the first time).  With care, cotton and a small rag (torn off my moth eaten underwear) I went ahead, willing to try anything.  I even removed the strings from the pegs (only one at a time - starting with the inner one first), put the drops on the proper peg locations and restrung the string.  Tuning then became a breeze.  To think I used up a great glob of practice time, not fiddling, but tuning.  Bop! Could'a had a veggie drink! overallrating 5   lineend
name tj review These drops are not just a convenience. In my opinion they are a neccessity for beginning violinists. If you are reading this wondering if you should consider buying this product to stop your tuning pegs from slipping, or to make them turn smoother and in less dramatic tuning jumps, the answer is yes. Buy this, it does work, and it works very well.Even though the instructions said to put a drop on two different places on each peg, I wanted to go light just in case, so at first I only put 1 drop on each peg. I didn't know what to expect and you can always put more on, but too much could be a bad thing. Also, each instrument is different, each peg is different. I had one very stubborn peg, while the others were just the normal level of obnoxious about slipping. You may only need 1 drop on some pegs and the reccomended 2 drops on the others. I had new strings on, which of course are going to take forever to stretch out and will need constant tuning. I did not remove the strings, I just loosened the pegs a little and pulled them out a tiny bit, one at a time, then put the first drop on the spot where the peg would make contact when put back in (on the tuning head side of the peg, the part you actually turn). I put the 2nd small drop on the dead end of the peg (not the end you turn). Be careful when applying that you don't get more than 1 small drop at a time. This stuff spreads out over time, a tiny drop goes a long way. One bottle should last you a very long time.What to expect: With one drop the effect is immediate. You will notice the pegs turn smoother and hold their position much better. After playing for awhile I decided to put a 2nd drop on each peg (as suggested by the included instruction sheet). This helped them all to stay in place even better than before. The pegs now also turn smoother and easier and I can tune much easier than before, in smaller more accurate adjustments, and the strings actually hold the tuning for much longer than before.Great product. Buy it, use it, and be happy. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayne review My pegs have been giving me difficulty for a while, and have been temperamental and subject to slipping for as long as I can remember. I'd guess they have about 100 years of wear on them.I used to be able to deal with it. Violin teachers and techs I knew never suggested that the pegs were a problem. More recently, I tried adding fine tuners on G D and A to make it easier to tune, but the resultant shortening of the strings affected the sound too much. I figured I'd give the drops a try.  The change was immediate. I was able to work with the pegs more easily, and slippage went away immediately. I decided to give it 24 hours before changing strings. When I did, I also removed three fine tuners and still had the control I needed.After changing one string, things worked well, but then I had the peg slip suddenly. I figured I'd try retuning and that perhaps it was my fault, but it ended up slipping loose again. I tried reapplying peg drops, and that seemed to fix the problem. After that, I had no more slippage, but I now have one peg that is binding.The instructions are clear but minimal and open ended. I don't expect them to tell exactly how often to use the drops but they could have given a bit more info on what to expect, what symptoms indicate, and so forth. I tried contacting the manufacturer with a few brief questions, but never heard back.Suffice to say the drops made an incredible difference, but did not provide me with a foolproof instant cure. I'd definitely recommend them, but I hope to get some comments from users with more experience so I can have a better idea what makes people know it's time to reapply and what they experience when they do it.The advantage of good peg control is that you can get high quality gut or synthetic (not metal core) strings and be able to tune them precisely without tonal problems being introduced by fine tuners.  The effort I had without the drops made me avoid playing and I was using a Yamaha SV-120 most of the time. That can be fun, but I didn't realize how much I missed the richness of an old acoustic violin that stayed in tune. overallrating 4   lineend
name Adam Mohr review It has a tinney sound to it But for 200 dollars or less I would rate this has a Top of the Line low end guitar..For any beginner this is the guitar I would but in there hands..I still write all my songs on this and play it more then my !000 dollar american strat or 500 dollar ibanez overallrating 4   lineend
name David W review  s, this is a really nice value.  It is still my only acoustic that I own, my other 25 guitars are all electrics or project guitars.  I do have my eye on a Martin though.5 PLUS stars for this one.  If you're considering it, buy it.  You will not regret it.  I still play this on almost every day. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dennis Mayer review This guitar is probably one of the best I have ever owned. The tone is near perfection and it has pretty decent stock action and strings. You might need to adjust the neck a bit and some new strings probably wouldn't hurt but my god! What an amazing guitar! overallrating 5   lineend
name Fred Smith review For under $200, I'm amazed at how nice this guitar is!  First, it was perfectly playable right out of the box - all I had to do was tune it.  And it stays in tune nicely too.I did replace the strings shortly after getting it.  There was nothing wrong with the original strings - no rust and they sounded fine - I just wanted something softer so I put on Dedario Silk and Steel light strings, which are much easier on my fingers and have a nice mellow sound.  I am a novice transitioning from a nylon string guitar so I needed the most gentle strings I could get.  Now this guitar is a joy to play.  Problem is, I get nothing done because I can't put it down!!!And the spruce top is pure eye candy as are the mahogany back and sides. And I like the mother of pearl Yahama inlay on the headstock. Very classy! The quality of build and finish on this instrument is top notch.  It just exudes quality and feels solid and balanced in your hands.You can spend a lot more on a guitar, but why would you want to when you can get something like this??? overallrating 5   lineend
name James R. Davis review This is a very nice guitar, the finish and construction is high quality. The hardware is what you would expect from a Yamaha product. I really can't think of anything negative to say about it. It did not come with a strap button, sO I had to install my own, but that is true with just about every acoustic guitar. overallrating 4   lineend
name LARRY review I love this guitar and one can not go wrong with a Yamaha, I currently have 3 acoustical Yamaha Guitars. The FG 700S is a full size dreadnought style steel string guitar. I usually do not like full size guitars as they do not fit in my lap well but this one is perfect for me and I can reach the full length of the neck with no problems. It has a deep tone and good volume. I give 5 stars to this guitar and recommend for the beginner as well as seasoned player. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pen Name review I purchased this guitar about a year ago and the thing's still kickin, not planning on replacing it anytime soon.Once I got some new strings put on this beauty sounded like a singing angel, action was fine for me out of the box.Most definitely one of the best &#34;bang-for-your-buck&#34; acoustic guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Reviewer review This one is probably closer to a $150 guitar. The fit and finish is quite nice but at the end of the day it's just like most of the other made in China guitar. From the reviews I was really hoping this was some great gem for only $200, but I'm not at all impressed. One thing that bothered me is that these guys make everything from guitars to jet skis - which usually means they're a jack of all trades but a master of none.I recently bought a Johnson JG-610-N, a Johnson JG-620-N, a Bristol BD-16, a Jasmine S35, and this Yamaha. If I'd only played the Yamaha I'd probably think it was a pretty nice guitar, but having tried all of these side-by-side I can definitely say it's not at all amazing. The Bristol blows this thing out of the water, and not just because it's $50 cheaper, it plays and sounds better. The Johnson guitars both have a little higher action, not a lot of highs, and a cheaper fit and finish. The Jasmine is nice but I haven't spent enough time playing it to give a true review.The Yamaha FG700GS is definitely neat to look at, and has decent mids, but doesn't really have a great high to low end punch. Now, it it quite a bit wider at the bottom so it has some more body, but, the sound range overall wasn't great. The Bristol has great highs and plenty of deep lows in comparison. Also, the fretboard felt a wee bit thicker on the Yahama, though putting them next to the other guitars it looked about the same.Can't help but think that the reviews here are a bit \"hive mind\" where everybody buys into a hype. Maybe I got a dud guitar, but I doubt it, they're all made in the same factory. overallrating 2   lineend
name Calvin Young review Now I can create charts no the fly quickly and have perfectly straight lines.  5 frets allows enough room for more complicated chords or even scales.  A must have for guitar teachers IMHO. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dr. Marc review This is the large? I can't see how anything any smaller could be of any use at all. The lines for the strings and frets are very close together. overallrating 3   lineend
name Eric Leberg review See my previous evaluation on a similar product.  It is all a matter of how large you want to chord chart to be. overallrating 4   lineend
name G.R.K. review I'm an amateur musician and songwriter and this has been very helpful for songwriting ideas.  I haven't studied music formally, so I can't recall what a C#7 looks like versus a F#7 so when I discover a chord shape it's easier for me to diagram it than to look it up on the web.  This helps. overallrating 5   lineend
name Howard J. Herman review No moving parts. No high tech components. The ultimate in low tech. It's a rubber stamp and it works for the intended purpose. I find this size useful but I guess it depends on the individual's needs. Enough said. overallrating 4   lineend
name KAY ADAMS review I BOUGHT BOTH THIS STAMP FOR GUITAR AND ALSO ONE FROM THE SAME COMPANY FOR MANDOLIN, UKULELE, BANJO.  I'M PLEASED WITH BOTH STAMPS. LARGE ENOUGH TO SEE, USEFUL TO STAMP CHORDS ON MY OWN MUSIC SHEETS AND OTHER MUSIC THAT DOS NOT HAVE GUITAR CHORDS SHOWN. overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam Rose review Works just as I need it to.  Adjusts easily, nice width, comfy enough for me...(I ordered one and had a problem with the pins lining up and had to exchange it for another one.  Sam Ash was very courteous in fixing the problem. ) overallrating 5   lineend
name dashreeve review This is my third bench and seems to be the best of them. Quick to set up / tear down / adjust. The bench is also larger than my others. Very happy for the price. 4 different height adjustments. overallrating 5   lineend
name D N Wolfe review Unit works fine with my digital piano.  It's light, portable and fairly sturdy.  The price is right for what you get. overallrating 4   lineend
name James E. Jefferson, Jr. review  Wow A bench that really holds my ass.  what can I say about it You really need it with the keyboard stand. and it was necessary to the group. overallrating 5   lineend
name jryan review Very comfortable bench. It's wider than most, which makes is more comfortable to use. It feels heavy duty, and stays still during use. overallrating 5   lineend
name Maria A review This is a very stable, comfortable seat.  The legs are easily removable for storage. Love that it is rated for higher weights so I don't have to worry about it collapsing. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael review i used to only be able to play my keyboard for up to an hour before feeling uncomfortable, this chair has fixed that overallrating 5   lineend
name Playgolfandtennis review This bench is great for the keyboards and when I just want to sit and play by bass guitar.  Regarding it being too short, you just need to lower you keyboard from a standing height, to sitting. If it is too short, then you must pay attention to the adjustable heights listed in the product description.  I also had no problem with a 'bait n switch' issue. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. J. Province review  I've tried many types of chairs, sitting on my computer char, etc. but it was always awkward. This bench, with its thick padding and wide width allows me to practice playing the guitar and move around freely. Honestly, I even sat on the floor for a while, but no matter what I did my legs would hurt. I just wasn't at the right height. This bench is adjustable and I was able to find a height so that I could practice for hours without putting a strain on my legs and back. It was absolutely worth the small investment for me. overallrating 5   lineend
name The Bluescaster review I'm in a situation where I have to sit to play due to hip problems, and it has been tough finding the right on stage seat.  For me, a stool is too high, and a folding chair too low, plus I need something that folds in with my other equipment.On it's tallest setting, this gives me the exact height I need. I'm 6', so it might not be high enough for a very tall person.It is also sturdy, I'm very animated when I play, and the support feels solid after several gigs of 2 to 3 hours. The cushioning is nice and thick as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Yakov Hadash review I've been using this bench regularly since ordering it in 2011. It's great in all ways but one: The rubber feet constantly fall off. If you use this bench regularly, the floor in your playing area will always be littered with rubber feet.Solution: UseGorilla Glue Epoxyor a similar superglue to firmly attach the feet to the bench. This is what I have done and now I have no problem with wandering feet. On Stage should consider doing this in the factory to save you the trouble. overallrating 4   lineend
name Abbas review Works as advertised for my purpose. It is in front of a computer speaker set (with woofer) for use on a Vizio TV as a sound system.Works fine. I have other Behringer gear and it always works. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bloose review I bought this to connect a Technics TT with an Audio Technica cartridge to my newer Onkyo receiver with no phono input. The unit did work but I had to turn the volume to 80 (out of 100) to get any reasonable volume. In addition I have an Onkyo M3040 connected to the receiver that I use for as a zone 2 amplifier. With this preamp I am getting some serious spikes into the amp. They are not audible but the lights would dim and the volume from the zone 2 speakers would drop. I do not have this problem with any other source so it appears to be some signal from this preamp.This unit may work perfectly fine with a Behringer mixer but for my use it doesn't meet my needs at all. I am returning it. overallrating 2   lineend
name bobatious review This is a well assembled and packaged unit, designed to a price. So certain compromises have been necessary.Compromises such as a single-supply wall wart - partly an advantage to get the AC out of the amplifier itself - and very basic circuit, with inexpensive parts. The preamp supports only moving magnet cartridges, and has no provision for load adjustments or the like.On the other hand it works well, is packaged nicely, and serves its purpose for folks who are not audiophiles or fussy, but want a basic phono/RIAA amp for their turntable to connect to line inputs. Also, by avoiding the &ldquo;all-in-one&rdquo; tendency of units that include inexpensive D/A converters and such for USB output, this is almost certainly cleaner for the analog-only uses for which it is suited.The unit is also very &ldquo;hackable&rdquo; if you'd like to upgrade things like capacitors, resistors, or the opamps. Or use a nicer external power supply - the first thing I'd upgrade. Lastly, if you know the ideal capacitive load for your cartridge, and the capacitance of your phono cables, you can adjust the loading on the inputs accordingly.Recommended if your budget is limited. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bob review Behringer has done it again. The PP400 Ultra-Compact Phono Preamp is exactly what it looks like:It's ultra-compact. It takes up a very negligible amount of space. It will sit comfortably between a turntable and another component.In its compactness, though, it does NOT sacrifice usability. It has no trouble amplifying a turntable's signal to line level. Before buying a preamp, amp could only boost my turntable to a 'easy listening' level. The noise was evident in the signal due to far too much amplification being necessary. With the help of this preamp, my amp no longer acts as a crutch and I can comfortably listen to music without my amp's 'I'm turned up to 11 and struggling' noise.The build quality is far superior than anything else at this price point. It's not cheap plastic like many companies would try to sell, the entire enclosure is fairly thick metal. This makes for a nice interference shield and overall pleasing look. It also features a ground terminal which will hook up to many turntables and amps to further reduce interference.Unfortunately, there is no option to buy it in black. Judging from the accessible screws on the side, though, it would be a small task to take apart the enclosure and paint it myself if I wanted.This preamp also does not have a power switch, but this is not much of an issue. It's one small complaint on an otherwise amazing product.Summary:If you need a preamp, buy this one. It has the same build quality and performance as much more expensive preamps. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles S. Glass review  . I did get this from AmazonTC 754 BLACK Phono Preamplifier SwitchableI really needed more aux inputs for cd etc. But right away I noticed my first impression that it sounds overly bright. The next issue is a real problem but it might not be with others. I am using a vintage Garrard turntable. The rca jacks work fine with all other amps etc except this little preamp. They are tight but do not make good contact and I need to mess with them. This problem is gone with the new preamp. Overall it is a good little unit and you may not have the same issues. If you can afford more or need more inputs you might want to look else where. It does sound ok other than being a little bright. It does do what is supposed to do. overallrating 3   lineend
name Nathan V review I have been using this Pre-amp for a year and it has been great.  After I figured out that you have to attach a ground cable to the record player it installed very easily just plug it in and it plays!  I have not noticed any excess heat or other problems even though I keep it inside of my closed entertainment stand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dave review I bought this to replace a Behringer UCA202. The Behringer performs very well for my use (guitar in a home studio), but recently it's become way too sensitive to interference; I was getting noise from the nearby cable modem / router / network drives. This noise was making its way to my recordings too :-(For what ended up being less than twice the price of the Behringer I decided to try this unit. Not only is it interference-free, it has a much warmer, intimate sound.It's USB powered, installs automatically in about a minute under Win7 with no issues. I did go to the Lexicon website and get their driver, though, just to be on the safe side.REAPER had new entries for the device in the  audio settings panel (ASIO! :-) ). Everything just works great, first time. I was even able to remove my little mixer from my entire setup thanks to the zero-latency monitoring on the device :-)Great unit. I love the Behringer, but this thing kicks it in the tail. overallrating 5   lineend
name D N Wolfe review The hardware works as advertised and is easy to operate.  Make sure you have a good microphone to use with it.  The Cubase software also works well but the user interface and instructions are more complex that you might wish for.  That seems to be a common problem with music recording programs I've seen - heavy reliance on technical jargon that may be unfamiliar to the typical amateur singer/guitarist.  This should come with a good &#34;how-to-use&#34; course that helps the user learn the jargon and common applications. overallrating 4   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  ers have commented on hearing a hiss from the unit while recording. I haven't had a problem with this. It is extremely silent save any noise I would generate anyway from my rig. All in all I feel this is a great product and definitely worth the money. overallrating 5   lineend
name Marc review This a solid performing unit at this price point.  I've been using this alongside my laptop for as long as I remember and it works the same as the day I bought it.  The two line instrument and microphone inputs make this perfect for a beginner or anyone needing a budget interface that works and is easy to use.My only negative criticism would be the plastic feels a little cheap.  But this is still a great USB interface for anyone who absolutely cannot spend any more than $60. overallrating 4   lineend
name Paul McDermitt review  I am using it to record my garage band's demo to get us more gigs. I have been a gigging musician for over 20 years. Had it a few days and with in a half hour after opening it, I had two guitar tracks, a bass track, and drums tracks (from garageband) all laid down. Easy to plug in, I am using it with a MacBookPro and garageband. Very quality recordings so far. Like it so far.Edit- Put down some vocals with a cheap shure mic (pg-48) used fx from garageband and got a nice vocal track, easy to layer over harmonies. Still have yet to mic up a drum kit...Still enjoying the product, still amazed at the ease of use. Did try to install software on a PC with Vista, no luck.Edit - Mic'd up a drum kit into a mixer, lined it out to this interface, I then mixed the drum mics with the mixer. You can record the drums as a single track so once they're recorded you can not mix them individually (ie. snare, kick and so on). I do get very quality recordings with it set up this way. I am sure a recording engineer could give me better ideas on how to get more out of it, but as for now, I am very pleased. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert D. Hibbs review I bought this to work with my 9 year old son. This will do many cool things, although I am not ready to turn him loose with it yet. I have had difficulty finding the autherision code for the included software. I have been using Audacity which is a free download. I would pay the price again in a hartbeat. overallrating 5   lineend
name aspiring saint review  Boosts the signal without too much noise, though not totally quiet.  Good for lead w/ single channel amps; boosting signal into effects that vary depending on signal strength--especially at lower practice volumes.  Should be INEXPENSIVE! overallrating 3   lineend
name Filipe N. Marques review  I bought this pedal to give my single coils some heat. It does that (my dial is set at 10 o'clock). However, I could see a tone purist really bothered by the the mid range coloration from this pedal. In live/practice situations, at high volumes, it doesn't bother me much. In the studio, I won't use this pedal for that reason. It was the right price for me, right now. If you want transparent boost, you gotta pay more.One more thing... a boost pedal really shines when it's running to a tube amp for that extra something. I don't think pushing the input of a digital amp is a good idea for sound's sake. Just a thought. overallrating 4   lineend
name guitarman6730 review This is a simple preamp booster that adds a bit of dirt so if your looking for a clean boost this isn't it try something else. I find This best used to push the front end of a tube amp. its really similar to an overdrive except this boosts more than a normal one and is good for cutting through the mix on a solo or fattening up single coil pickups. overall great pedal and amazing price highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Julio Caicedo review  Ok...I bought this and after placing it on my pedalboard it was OVERKILL. I mean I had enough boost and gain from different pedals already so no use for it at the moment. I gave it to a friend of mine that had a simple pedal configuration (distortion and a flanger) and it made a huge difference when he needed to make a solo or bring some \"accent\" to a determinate part of a song.It's a cool pedal but I will recommend it for simple pedal configurations. It will bring the extra juice you need.Cheers overallrating 5   lineend
name Mallory review I pretty much just leave these on all the time. It gives a good boost and body to my tone, with out being to distorted and dirty, but if you want that type of sound you can get it.Great price too. overallrating 5   lineend
name MetalFan review I originally bought this pedal to boost an old amplifier signal and it works suprisingly well. I wanted a boost which didn't color tone and this has worked well for my needs. The price is good, I bought it locally for the same price here.Since I have bought this pedal, I have upgraded the speaker in the old amp and still use this to boost the speaker to use with pedals. The tone is transparent and boosting pedal output is great. I use it with distortion and overdrive with good results.I have found new uses for my pedals which suffer from volume drop by putting this in front of them. All in all, besides for a good EQ pedal, this boost is effective and worth every penny. overallrating 5   lineend
name Victor review I cannot shower enough praise on the LPB-1. It currently sells for about $40 and improves your sound when combined with any other pedal (especially overdrive/distortion pedals) or on its own. I keep it on all the time, since it always improves sound-quality. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Mayse review Got these as a gift for my 11 year old nephew, he loves them, the only problem is that his friends keep walking off with them. overallrating 5   lineend
name bayou bob review hard to review picks..but these are as advertised...havent used enough to see if images wear well...or just disappear from use...but they are what they are...enjoy overallrating 4   lineend
name David W review  These are fantastic and unique guitar picks.  I love the hologram effect and the cute babes as well.  It's always nice to have a conversation item and these little ones age great to show off to your guy friends.  Love them, and they're good quality picks too so I will use them. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Thomas review  Nice picks with very tasteful pics of hula girls.  Gave some to my guitar teacher, and thought they were the hoot.  A pick is pick, there's no doubt about that, but a little art work sort gives it a personality. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lou review great picks overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review This is a great mixer if you are looking to do simple podcasting or solo music production at home. It's a great little unit. The only set back is that you can not use Condenser mics with this, without an external phantom power supply, as there is NO phantom power on this unit. You need to get the 802 model if you need phantom power, otherwise this will work fine with regular XLR or Hi-Z microphones. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dave review  This little mixer is handy to have around for small headphone mixes and such, but don't expect it to last forever as is typical with Behringer products. At least it's cheap though!  I just wish it had a power switch... overallrating 4   lineend
name DeAngelo D. review (This review is legit)I bought this mixer back in august or september, cant really remember, but i had a horrible experience with this unit, but that's my fault, i bought this mixer without looking at reviews or anything, so i didnt know how to use it.I hooked this up to my desktop through the pink microphone input, and got a horrible, terrible mix, the hiss from the fan ruined it (i nearly had a panic attack), so i took like 9 months to do research, and found out that behringer made the uca202/uca222 for this unit and the 802 mixer, to remove the hiss and unwanted noise.So buy this with the uca202/uca222 to clear up your recordings, do not buy a \"rca to 3.5mm cable\" if your using this for a studio setting like me, and if your beginning like me, do not let these wealthy people fool you, you dont need thousand dollar equiptment, the podcaststudio usb (from behringer) would be fine.So all in all, with my cheap microphone from radio shack and this mixer, the quality was good, but the hiss ruined it!!!!! Use a usb audio interface with this from behringer, do it, if you want 5 star audio quality! Their website has asio drivers to assist you, ohhh and go on YouTube and search up \"uca202 studio\ you'll get videos to help.Please, please, please, please do research before you buy anything! Good day everyone! ;D overallrating 4   lineend
name G. L. Beebe review I have two Behringer mixers and both exceed my expectations.  Small yet clean and versatile.  Great for gigging remote events.  A great value for the money. overallrating 5   lineend
name guitsteve review I used this one time so far w/my fishman stick and it served the purpose just fine. am looking forward to using it in the future overallrating 4   lineend
name Javier Fernandez review I had read lots of reviews about Behringer, some people had buzz and noises, etc but this is not my case. I'm not a professional and I just wanted a good mixer to connect my guitar/pedal, my tascam DR-03, my mobile as sometimes I use the Tascam to record, the mobile to reproduce and my guitar to follow.This mixer works great, NO noise, NO buzz, NO nothing but working as expected. Great product for entry level and great price for what you get. overallrating 3   lineend
name kbgulfcoast review For the multi guitar owners, I think this is great.All I was looking for, something to patch guitars to amp without drastic tone/volume changes.Set up single coil, and another line humbucker, or p90 guitar and have the same volumes. Excellent... And space saver.  Sure there's a lot more options, but not likely ill use, just to make guitar switching easy good deal. overallrating 5   lineend
name Risenheart Consulting review Needed a mixer and figured it was worth the risk to try this inexpensive mixer.  It is limited in what it can do but it does the job.  I'm rapidly becoming a behringer fan.  The three points mentioned in another rating (Inputs should be out the back, needs rubber feet, and the led) are spot on.  I'd also like to see another set of outputs on it as well.  It could also use being a tad bigger, they jammed everything into such a small area the knobs are a little close together.  The LED for the power on this thing is so bright it's obnoxious, it almost blinds you.  Other than that its a great and affordable little mixer that does everything they advertise... overallrating 4   lineend
name scottfwi review I bought this mixer in order to combine my bass guitar with an mp3 player for silent practice at home. Bass into one channel, iPod into another, headphones out.It works!  There are other solutions to this dilemma.  Pocket-sized headphone amps, and so on.  But they're a) more expensive and b) kind of junky and c) come equipped with built-in effects and amp models which I do not want.  YMMV.)So what's the Behringer XENYX 502 like in this use scenario?1. The blue power light is blinding.  First thing I did was put some masking tape on it so that it didn't prevent me from seeing the knobs on the board.2. Speaking of those knobs, they seem a little rickety.  Be careful jamming this into a gig bag repeatedly.  I worry that the knobs won't stand up to that kind of treatment for long.3.  There's no on/off switch, so you'll wind up pulling the power out of the back of the unit when it's not in use.  Strange for this particular usage scenario.Overall, I think this unit is a great value for the money. overallrating 4   lineend
name A. Castillo review Behringer products have a kind of shoddy reputation and I was skeptical about paying even [...] bucks for an 8-input mixer. My intention for this product was simple yet unorthodox: I wanted to use it for recording a drum set. I wanted to do it through my M-Audio ProFire 610. I had 4 mics, 4 stands and a 5 piece drum set. I love my ProFire610 it is reliable and the preamp is clean and strong. I have no gripe with it it's just that the preamp only works on two of the 6 inputs, so I figure if I get a mixer I can use ITS preamped channels and run them through the 1/4\" inputs on my interface. Well, it worked. It worked GREAT. Not only did it sound great but I was able to have more control over the sound of each individual mic. Low noise, great sound and I still had 4 1/4\" inputs on my mixer to play around with.  With my drum set experiment over I now had an 8 input mixer at my disposal. Add two monitors and you've got yourself a nice little PA. There are no BUS outputs so if you're serious about getting a descent mixer I wouldn't bother, but as a starter mixer for the price offered, I couldn't be happier. It works fantastic for small gigs or (God forbid) house parties.It may not be the prettiest looking mixer but its a very simple, self explanatory and effective mixer. I didn't need all the flash and the input/output jacks on the top is WAY better than running them out the back of the unit (I hate that!). The EQ setup for each channel is basic: Hi, Mid, Low, FX , Pan and Level. Having an FX send is awesome when using it live. I didn't think a tiny little mixer like this would accommodate that. (the thing is only 9\"x7\") It's also got a control room output with volume which you can use for more monitors if need be ;) The Xenyx 802 is a great buy. Had I known I would like it this much I would have paid the extra $[...] and gotten the 12 channel one. overallrating 5   lineend
name bean review  just used mine for the first time today love it it is every thing behringer said it was  does every thing i need it to do for my two piece blue grass show overallrating 5   lineend
name busdriver123 review I use it with a small amp for singing.It is just the right size for my amp and it get more then enough control with it well made fast shipping .And the price it right. overallrating 5   lineend
name Carlos De Cunha review  Great little mixing console for home use and practice.I use it at home and sometimes take it on the road for small gigs where I need to connect my guitar, a pair of cordless mics and a portable electronic drum kit.This thing has phantom power just in case you didn't read that already!Overall I can say without hesitation that this unit is sturdy and packs all the necessary features you'd need and even has a british EQ to help shape your sound a bit.Cons? Not many... One gripe about this unit is that it has no power button! I mean what kinda electronic device comes without a power button these days huh? You have to disconnect the power adapter either from the power source or from the back of the mixer in order to take the device off. Apart from that the LED is wayyy too bright, so bright that you can't look at the device for very long and obviously can't make out the writing and control labels on the device. I notice all Behringer pedals come with this bright led. What I usually do is take a piece of tape and cover the led.I recommend getting this unit and only gave it 4 stars because of the few cons listed above. overallrating 4   lineend
name C. Erikson review  I just got this to run my passive pa. Its inexpensive and easy to use. Very portable and does the job it was designed to do. overallrating 5   lineend
name Don Geeze review This has more features than I'll ever likely use. Has worked flawlessly for recording acoustic guitar to my computer. Appears to be well made. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. L. Beebe review You cannot go wrong with this mixer.  VERY clean sound, very versatile.  Very reliable.  I have been using these on the road and in my home studio without any trouble at all.  Very much Recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name G.R.K. review For what this does you can't go wrong for the price!  I have a small recording setup and play guitar (and bass) with friends.  This little mixer gets both of those jobs done right.  Sure a more expensive mixer might be able to tweek your vocals or instruments more, but all I needed was a way to mix up to 4 inputs at at time and out put to my speakers and laptop for recording.  It does all of those jobs well. There is no hum when the unit is on.  I have two small grips though..and they are minor...the EQ isn't that great and the volume to the headphones is lower than I like.  Maybe I'm going deaf. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ian Wells review This worked out of the box. I have two XLR misc, one keyboard, and a guitar connected and its very easy to balance the levels. There is no noise or other problem so far.Great for my family.looking to buy more soon. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jay review the Beringer 802 mixer is by far the lowest costing and best performing mixer for the price on the market..  Works fantastic and I am very happy with it.. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jon F review I bought mine used.  When I got it in, it didn't work.  There was either something wrong with the power cable or the power input in the board.  Behringer uses a custom power supply, so I had no way of testing it.  I had to send it back for a refund.  I read other reviews that have had the same problem, so it seems to be an occasional issue.However, I've used one of these boards before.  The one I used back then was fantastic and everything I needed for small projects. overallrating 3   lineend
name Josh Leger review This device has so many uses whether it comes to mixing audio for a presentation, a gaming video, or playing musical instruments. There are so many controls and this mixer has just enough inputs/outputs/controls for just about anything that I've been using it for. It seems to be very durable as well. It does seem to get hot after a while, but that hasn't affected it's use at all and so far hasn't damaged the device in any way. Behringer is the way to go! overallrating 5   lineend
name karaoke review  I was pleasantly surprised at how well this little mixer performs. It was exactly what I needed to record myself singing karaoke on the computer. For the price it does a very good job. I don't detect any hum at all and I only get hiss when I crank the volume up too high. I recommend this mixer for your home studio. It works perfectly with my sound card. You do NOT need USB to get this to work. overallrating 5   lineend
name Larry Johnson review This mixer is just what I've been looking for. The 8 inputs makes it very versatile for different projects. This mixer is a little too much for me (considering that I only record with one XLR track & use the outputs for my UCA202 Interface) but it's good to have these extra inputs just in case I want to stretch my &#34;creativity.&#34; Anyways, this is an amazing mixer for the price! Anyone just getting into making music and recording needs one! Guaranteed amazing'ness! overallrating 5   lineend
name Peter A. Andolfi review  I have a audio interface that has all the inputs on the back  this was difficult so for the longest time when I had my studio setup I had a mixing board going into the interface. It is always nice to have a channel strip on the line that your capturing because it make the final adjustments fine. This board is great, no sliders which I had to clean. The board has all the same features that were on my 8 channel DOD board that I used for years and it only needs a small space on my desk. The only thing that I am not keen upon is that there is no on/off switch so the unit is unplugged most of the time. It makes the stuff I do in Logic easy. This is a home use unit  great for the price as well as for its quality. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick H review I was looking for a low cost mixer to use with my Fostex MR-8 recorder and did a little research on the XENYX 802.  Just looking at it with it's inputs, number of controls, I would have guessed it cost close to a couple hundred bucks. Imagine my surprise when, after reading the positive reviews, that I discovered this thing was only [...]!  I bought it immediately and, right out of the box, it did exactly everything I was expecting it to - this is a awesome little piece of gear for getting the recording control and flexibility that is not inherent on the Fostex. I'm quite excited about my future recordings using the 802 - I'm like a kid with a new toy!  Highly recommended piece of gear that is an extremely great value for the cost. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Dawdy review Behringer makes quality products - I purchased the excellent C-1 Condenser Microphone, and replaced the 302usb with the Xenyx 802 mixer board.When I researched items for a simple home recording setup, I saw all of the positive reviews for this smaller mixer, and read the item description here on Amazon and the Behringer website for the C-1 mic included what turned out to be a misleading statement about how it would work with any of the Behringer phantom-powered mixer boards.That was incorrect information - this board receives power only via USB and doesn't provide adequate phantom power for condenser mics (48v).When I setup the return of this board to Amazon, I informed of the error, and the appear to have acted very promptly on it, as the item description for the C-1 on both websites now includes an explicit statement about the need for 48 volts.Although this correction is good, it would be more helpful to customers if Behringer would also correct the description about this board associated with its wording about its phantom power capabilities to state what kinds of mics it will adequately power.I've noticed in other venues (i.e. musician and sound forums) Behringer gets a bad rap. I don't think its due to poor quality equipment, I think its due to frustration about a lack of information provided to customers both before and after the sale. Neither the Behringer website nor the included documentation with the items I bought is adequate for customers like myself who are not sound experts. overallrating 3   lineend
name Top Flite Golfer review  EXACTLY what I needed.  Small, compact, functional, and it works!  No off/on power switch though but small consideration when you think about what it can do.  Connect mics, iPods, MP3 players...and control sound and volume, at your fingertips! overallrating 5   lineend
name Youngblood review  This mixer is perfect for the price that is specified. Although the blue LED power light is near blinding; the overall quality and functionality of this product is fantastic.I would suggest this anyone who is on a budget and would want a good quality mixer. overallrating 4   lineend
name CLS review I've owned and used this product for some time now and am quite happy with it. I did notice that I had problems with an unpleasant humming introduced one time when using it with powered speakers, but I believe this was more so my fault than that of the unit. I learned that my active speakers did not care for input cables past a certain length. For greater distances, using a wireless transmitter to deliver the mixed sound and its matching wireless receiver connected to the speaker units solved this problem completely. The FX processor works flawlessly just as long as I remember to push down the selector to engage the desired function. Very easy to use. Compact in size. No ability to instantly mute an input device other than to turn down the gain. For the price ... what can you expect?!Soon I will be in the market for an upgrade ... one that has slider controls and the ability to connect to my laptop via usb. I need a few more xlr inputs and at least a 7 band equalizer and compressor/limiter for larger gigs and a fairly large choral group and its accompanying instruments. Just waiting for a good deal. overallrating 5   lineend
name Daits review The mixer is good for the price but I had to return my first one soon after opening it due to some loose parts moving around inside. The packing way below average. As a matter of fact, it was the only outer box without any cushioning. After seeing those UPS and FEDEX delivery videos I would not pack a UPS or FEDEX shipping item in such a poor packing. However, the great seller ( I am referring to AMAZON) immediately responded and sent me a replacement along with a prepaid label to return the fist unit. Second unit too had the similar packing but no damages. Worked fine. overallrating 2   lineend
name Debs review  This was much smaller than I thought it would be but I kinda like that because it takes up no space. It does exactly what is expected of it. The effects are pretty good actually and could be used at a push for live or recording work - although certainly would not replace the likes of TC Electronics or Lexicon. Relatively transparent and controls are responsive. For the money......good value. overallrating 4   lineend
name James Starritt review Running 4 mics, samples and the odd phone call into one device for recording was a bit daunting.  This mixer handles it all perfectly.  I'm literally knew nothing about it when it arrived (first time I'd ever seen a mixer of any kind) in terms of usage but managed to figure it out quickly, get hiss free, nicely panned, beautifully warm sounds that have helped make my podcasting sound wonderful, professional and frankly better than I could have imagined.  I didn't need the 'FX' .. but the the other was out of stock :D I'll get to them one day.I wish it had a power button. overallrating 5   lineend
name Matthew L. Adams review The mixer arrived early, which was a life-saver.  I immediately put it to use at a musical venue in which all four microphone pre-amps were used for three vocalists and one flute, and the CD input was connected to a computer that was playing a minus track for the vocalists.  Everything functioned well and the medium reverb effect performed well on all inputs.  I am looking forward to using more of the effects. overallrating 5   lineend
name M. Evans review  This is one of the quietest mixers I've ever used. The range of adjustability is excellent. 12 channels fill up quickly, but I've mixed 10 at a time and nearly no noise (at least I don't hear any). overallrating 5   lineend
name Nessander review I own the Behringer Xenyx 1202FX, which is essentially this model but costs about 20 dollars more for the FX (it comes with 100 set effects). I have been doing home recording with Cubase and Logic, using a Presonus Firebox audio interface, with both MIDI, vocals and instruments, and didn't use a mixing board, but eventually decided to try one out given that (a) they are making them at very reasonable prices and (b) I had more inputs and outputs than the Firebox could easily handle.This mixing board didn't look that impressive to me when I first checked it out, but having set it up and used it, it operates very well and cleanly. The fact that it comes with four mic inputs and preamps is a plus. The fact that it does not have an on/off switch is a minus. But basically it works well, the EQ is useful, and it has a large number of inputs and outputs for such a small mixer. Behringer makes a range of models with less/more inputs to suit one's needs, so this is great. Also, having a dedicated mixer makes it easier for me, as I can leave all my inputs connected and just adjust things on the mixer depending on what I want to record. Another small thing that is mixing is a button that cuts out the line altogether -- you have to turn it down to zero. And, there are no faders (except the main); instead it uses knobs for everything. Well, I would have liked some of these things, but then I would have to pay more, and what I really wanted was functionality at a good price, and that is what the Behringer Xenyx has delivered thus far.By the way, I am running the following through the mixer: an AT3035 audiotechnica condenser mic, an Alesis QS8.1, guitar via line-in (or mic'd), two KRK RP5 studio monitors, Presonus Firebox. Everything's been working and sounding great thus far.The effects on this mixer have not been very useful to me, since I am running Logic, but if I ever use it live, which I may do, I'd imagine they'd come in handy. The effects are just so-so in terms of sounds: usable, but not that great, in my opinion. overallrating 4   lineend
name Orcatrino review Behringer has had a somewhat spotty reputation among many professional musicians so I was a bit apprehensive about buying this unit but so far, so good.  The mic preamps sound pretty good - clean and relatively quiet. The knobs and slider feel smooth and well made.It also seems to send hotter signal to my JBL EON 510s and that's a good thing.The built-in effects are probably its weakest point.  I've heard some really cheap digital reverbs that are much smoother than this unit.I also wish that the Control Room knob and outputs were independent of the Main Output slider.  That would definitely make it a lot more practical but then again, it would also turn it into a 4 buss mixer.  So all in all, not too shabby for a $110 0 mixer but I probably wouldn't use it for recording. overallrating 4   lineend
name Seventh-777 review Considering the price is so cheap on these, I took a chance on this about a year ago for my home hobbyist studio. To say that I used it \"rarely\" is an understatement - maybe once a month when I have friends over for jamming as a way to get my vDrums and a bass DI through my powered wedges. That said, within a year two of the channels stopped working altogether, and the main volume fader became scratchy and jumpy to the point that the volume all the way down would = the volume ALL the way up.Aside from it not working less than a year later, as others have mentioned the lack of a power button combined with the wall wart adapter is a bit of a pain as well. However, if you're building a studio on a budget and want to roll the dice, it's a decent little mixer while it works.Pass on this - sound quality is decent for the price, but reliability gets a zero. overallrating 2   lineend
name Amazon Customer review I bought this to upgrade from a Eurorack 802 that I had. I'm quite please with the Xenyx 1202. Lots of inputs, phantom power, and it produces really great sound! I'm very happy with this little mixer. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jason Lewis review This mixer has four mic inputs. It has some fun effects. This mixer comes with a 80Hz filter and a 3-band equalizer on the mic channels. It has a FX-send that can be used as a mono output if you only need mono. I do not hear any external noise. It has a durable metalic case.  This mixer has great audio. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lee review I was actually trying to buy the smaller Xenyx when I bought this one, but I'm so glad I got this model. Unbelievable amount of flexibility built into it. I use with the UCA202 audio interface and the Audio-Technica AT2035 for recording on my PC with Audacity every day since I unpacked it with no problems. Makes a perfect small studio combination! overallrating 5   lineend
name Nessander review I own the Behringer Xenyx 1202FX, which is essentially this model but costs about 20 dollars more for the FX (it comes with 100 set effects). I have been doing home recording with Cubase and Logic, using a Presonus Firebox audio interface, with both MIDI, vocals and instruments, and didn't use a mixing board, but eventually decided to try one out given that (a) they are making them at very reasonable prices and (b) I had more inputs and outputs than the Firebox could easily handle.This mixing board didn't look that impressive to me when I first checked it out, but having set it up and used it, it operates very well and cleanly. The fact that it comes with four mic inputs and preamps is a plus. The fact that it does not have an on/off switch is a minus. But basically it works well, the EQ is useful, and it has a large number of inputs and outputs for such a small mixer. Behringer makes a range of models with less/more inputs to suit one's needs, so this is great. Also, having a dedicated mixer makes it easier for me, as I can leave all my inputs connected and just adjust things on the mixer depending on what I want to record. Another small thing that is mixing is a button that cuts out the line altogether -- you have to turn it down to zero. And, there are no faders (except the main); instead it uses knobs for everything. Well, I would have liked some of these things, but then I would have to pay more, and what I really wanted was functionality at a good price, and that is what the Behringer Xenyx has delivered thus far.By the way, I am running the following through the mixer: an AT3035 audiotechnica condenser mic, an Alesis QS8.1, guitar via line-in (or mic'd), two KRK RP5 studio monitors, Presonus Firebox. Everything's been working and sounding great thus far. Since I'm using Logic, the effects are basically unnecessary, but if I ever want to use the board for live use, which I may do, they could come in handy. I'd say the effects are just so-so. overallrating 4   lineend
name NoName review I am giving this item 5 stars because it is awesome litle mixer, was not expecting much for the price but this little unit (it is very small) as I went from  Mackie 1202 to the Berhinger 1202 (anyone see a similarity here), this is basically the same as the Mackie mixer but slightly smaller, recieved it, hooked it up and it worked perfect, few minor adjustements and sounded as good as the Mackie, perhaps better, plus it took up less space on my desk. Only weird thing about this unit and it has been mentioned before is no ON & OFF switch, why?....problem solved by using a power strip and using the power strip to power the unit on and off, the only other way to power it on & off is by unplugging it from the back to turn it on, and plugging it back in to turn it on, using the power strip to avoid much wear and tear on the power source connector, this was really stupid of Behringer, never ever had any kind of mixer without a power on & off button. All in all for the price, I should not complain much, will pick up another for my daughters studio as it is that good. overallrating 5   lineend
name andrepilla review As LC condenser it's definitely a light weight, but for lesse than a $100 bucks it sounds pretty good...Used on acoustic guitar with less than satisfatory results, but got a great sound out of a violin and a fairly decent voice sound.Looking forward to more tests. overallrating 4   lineend
name Arik Burke review when given a budget for cheap microphones, the odds are that you cant afford to make a mistake by buying this one. I like the fact that it adds a deeper, bassier tone to any voice but it's missing clarity. If you want the low tone but also treasure your clarity, spend 30 dollars less and get an MXL 990 instead. it even comes with its own shockmount and carrying case. I hooked the 990 up to a cheap ART Tube MP preamp and after letting a few vocalists experiment with it, they agreed that the 990 was clearly superior to the V67G that was hooked up to much more expensive preamp. Some vocalists actually prefer the MXL 990 over a couple of my Shure condenser microphones. overallrating 3   lineend
name BJC review bought this for a modest step up in vocal tracks for home recording on my 24 bit neo 2488.Ive been using the mxl990. mic would be great for the price if it wasnt defective. used it forabout 30 minutes before crackling and static started. had to go back to the 990 until all of thereturn and warranty is taken care of. i still recommend the mic though. it is hotter than the 990in its highs, but with good compression, power amp and eq the result is well worth the money. overallrating 3   lineend
name David review This mic is really nice. I have used it on many recordings and it still amazes me that it can sound so great. Works great on voice overs, singers, and rappers.That said, it won't outperform the mics you would encounter in studios today, but with a little tweaking, and the right preamp, this mic can sound great.There was one review that mentioned it isn't for female vocalists. I've only used it on one and it sounded great, not as good as the one I used in studio, but it worked in a pinch for overdubbing with no studio time available. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ian M. Mcclintock review I am not a studio engineer, nor am I a professional musician.  I record songs in my home as a hobby.  I like to have reasonably nice gear in order to get as good a sound as possible in that setting, so if you're at or around the same level, you know what I'm talking about.  Will this compare to a mic that costs three times as much?  No.  Are you likely to find it in a high-end professional studio?  Eh...probably not.  Is it a pretty sweet deal at this price point?  Hells yes.I've worked my way up in terms of mic quality as my hobby has gotten progressively more serious, and this is the nicest mic I own right now.  The difference in quality between this and even a nice dynamic mic is immediately obvious.  I use it for recording vocals, and my voice (again, not a pro!) is finicky to record, usually sounding pretty muddy.  Even with nicer dynamic mics usually used for vocals (SM57 and 58) this was still the case.  But with this mic, my voice sounds much more clear and open.Admittedly, this is a very subjective evaluation, but then aren't all mic evaluations subjective?  You can go on all day about response range and EQ flatness, but what matters in the end is how the mic sounds in your application.  And to my ears, this mic sounds wonderful.My only real gripe is that the sensitivity pattern doesn't seem to be a super-tight cardioid, because it still picks up some sound coming from behind it.  Perhaps this is how it's supposed to be, but when trying to record both vocals and a loud electric guitar simultaneously, it can be a headache trying to jury-rig an isolation method that works.  I took off a star for this alone, although that may not be fair since I haven't used any other large-diaphragm condensers and therefore have no idea if they're all supposed to behave this way. overallrating 4   lineend
name JOHN O. review use to record my music, works great on vocals and instrument  together or separate. I like the deep tones and wide range of pick up. it grabs everything so you need to be careful of background, get it if you are even thinking, dont forget phantom power is needed ! overallrating 5   lineend
name Pat review Really a nice mic. I did a lot of research before purchasing this for my home studio. I record acoustic guitar and vocals through this mic and they sound wonderful. Plenty of low end while still capturing the clear mids and highs. Makes my voice sound fantastic. I read a lot of reviews saying that this mic with the right voice works wonders, and it certainly does for mine.Worth a shot if you're on a budget like me! overallrating 5   lineend
name realsteel review Really a remarkable microphone for around $100.  Very sensitive . . . its for studio, not live performances.  Be sure to set your DAW insert on your input channel with a compressor/limiter, as you can easily blow through the volume into clipping.  Has a rich warm tone, like tube mics.  Compares to a Audio Tech 2020, not in the class of say an Audio Tech 4040.  Can't beat it for the price. overallrating 4   lineend
name R. Jackson review This mic is fantastic! I've been singing, writing, and recording for almost 30 years and this mic is pretty much just as good as all of the silly expensive German mics I've used in larger studios over the years. There's a very slight presence peak, but nothing like most of the other Chinese mics. It isn't shrilling or peaky at all. Male tenor vocals and acoustic guitar sound great without any need for EQ whatsoever beyond a hi pass filter for the sub 100hz stuff. This mic is also an excellent candidate for a Michael Joly mod, he calls it one of the 7 audio wonders of the world because it makes no sense that this mic is this good at under $200. Michael mods these mics and you'd be hard pressed to be able to tell the difference between this one and the famous U87 with the German name that starts with an \"N\". I'm using it totally stock and it's been great. Buy it. overallrating 5   lineend
name T review I'm pretty new to using mics and PA systems but have used dynamic mics in the past, recreationally.  This condenser mic is way larger and heavier than a dynamic mic, I was surprised when I took it out of the box.  It is as good looking in person as in the pictures.  Three things for the benefit of other newbs: 1.) I learned that condenser mics are very susceptible to moisture and so you have to purchase a windscreen if you're going to use this for vocals, since moisture from singing into the mic can damage it. 2.) This has a cardioid pickup pattern; you don't sing directly into the end of the mic like a dynamic mic.  This should stand straight up on a mic stand, paying attention to which way the mic is facing since it there will be a lot of attenuation on one side of it. 3.) It requires phantom power.  You need a PA that provides 48V power to use it.When I first used this mic, I tried singing into the end of it and couldn't hear myself very well.  Later in the evening I was standing off to the side and could hear myself so loud that I had to back away about a foot from the mic.  Then I remembered reading about the cardioid pattern and stood it up straight on the mic stand, paying attention to the orientation of the mic.  It was so sensitive that I really had to stay backed up from the mic and it was easy for two or three people to stand around it for vocals.  I have a Rainsong WS1100 acoustic electric guitar I was playing, and was able to turn off my amp completely because this mic picked up the instrument and my vocals so clearly.  Other musicians were impressed by it as well.  I payed just under a $100 for it, which I think is a great value for this product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bradley review I love this boost pedal so much!  I owned the MXR Micro Amp for a while, but I found that it colored my tone way too much (too much low end).  The MC401 on the other hand doesn't color your tone at all.  It provides a very precise boost and pushes your tube amp into natural overdrive.  The boost is extremely articulate and produces throbbing palm muting and clear chords. If you're in the market for a boost or a buffer, I'd look no further.  This pedal is affordable, sturdy, and sounds absolutely amazing! overallrating 5   lineend
name Coffee Drinker review I play an amplified upright acoustic bass and an electric upright solid-body bass. I bought this Jim Dunlop MC401 MXR because I have a few bass solos that can't be heard above the other players unless I boost volume, which was hard to do by reaching for the volume knob on my preamp or amp with my hand. This stomp box lets me instantly add a pre-selected amount of volume boost only--no goofy effects, no hum, no extraneous sounds at all. Of course, when the solo is over, another click with my foot drops the boost. This thing sounds completely transparent when it's off, and completely natural when it's on. For my purposes, a boost of five decibels out of the 20 that this device permits seems to be enough. Naturally, you have to have left some head room available in your amp otherwise you won't hear any volume change or you'll get distortion or both, but that should be obvious--it's just like turning your amp up, except with your foot.The MC401 runs on a 9-volt battery, but I also separately ordered the Dunlop ECB003 AC adapter, which is also available at Amazon. I checked the Jim Dunlop website and in its FACs it specifically recommends staying with the same voltage adapter, so I did not order the ECB004, which is an 18-volt model. The ECB003 adapter works perfectly and seems completely silent.The MC401 is compacl, but it's heavily-constructed so it stays put. The stomp switch itself appears to be made of good steel, as is the case itself. Everything is solid as a rock. I don't see how it could be better. Perfect. overallrating 5   lineend
name Diego A. Umana review This is a great effect. Awesome engineering as Jim Dunlop's MXR products has always presented. The true bypass feature and the high-end quality materials make it very reliable and dependable. This CAE boost pedal is very sensitive and delivers as it should. I actually believe this will exceed all your expectations. You will not be dissappointed at all. Ships fast. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hitthespot review I use this boost in the effects loop so it's after the preamp section of the amplifier.  It gives the boost I need for my leads without effecting my tone whatsoever.  I will always have one of these on my board.  Very well made. overallrating 5   lineend
name Victor Hugo review I'm using this pedal like a clean boost for leads, and I'm very happy with it's sound. Uncolored +20db of clean gain... overallrating 5   lineend
name Wynn review  A very good pedal that you miss only when its off. Super transparent and boosts your signal after all the degradation through your cables. To my ears it restores the high end and shimmer and brings back life to the note. Best used after all your pedals right before it goes into your amp. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Mayse review usually picks are picks, but these are a blast, I play by holding the \"horns\" between thumb and forefinger and using the mouth to pick out the notes, I had to order 2 extra bags of these because people keep begging for one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Christian Farrar review  these picks are nice. They're great for metal, if you like a durable pick. The paint fade away after a while, but don't let that stop you. It leave no residue on your guitar and these have never broken on me. the only reason i would buy more is if i lost some over time. overallrating 5   lineend
name Devin review  These picks play about like a regular triangular pick, the rounded ears may be more practical for some players.  They stand out because everyone loves the idea of them.  I would definitely recommend any serious player own one pack of these, and carry one around because they always get a good laugh. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike review I like these picks.  They look great, and work well.  I have no issues at all with them, and they play a little stiff when new, but within minutes feel like an old friend.  Great buy for $3.  Give one to a guitar playing friend and watch eyes open wide with a \"NO WAYYY!\" look on their face!! overallrating 5   lineend
name SEAN MASLANKA review I am a big fan of the movie &#34;Tenacious D and the Pick of destiny&#34; so when I saw these picks I just had to get them! overallrating 5   lineend
name Tammy R Slayton review Bought as a stocking stuffer for my brother in law. Gave it to him with an actual replica of the pick. He loved them. Still has some. overallrating 5   lineend
name Walter NYC review I figured I would take 2mins out of servicing the line of ladies that formed after receiving this pic to do a review.  The pics shape and thickness is actually perfect (TWSS) for playing and gripping.  Also the paint seems to be holding after quite a few hours of playing.  I would suggest getting two packs since you will need 1 pick and the other 11 can go to the children you fathered due to this pic. overallrating 5   lineend
name David G review Have a couple guitars and a bass hooked in at the same time.  Attaches to my audio interface.  No cable switching.  Didn't need the sophistication of other mixers costing 5x as much.  Fast convenient way to switch guitars while recording. overallrating 5   lineend
name Grenics review 1 Digital Drumset, 1 Electronic guitar, 1 microphone (non XLR), and a Keyboard.  I got the Brady Bunch Musical here.  This mixer works great. No complaints, just works!  All connections are 1/4\" mono. overallrating 5   lineend
name hgprs review  I have a bunch of instruments (synths, back up recordings, ...) plugged straight into my bass amp for home recording/practice.. Having this one helps reducing the amount of cabling hanging everywhere. It works fine. It is lightweight and feels sturdy.Only drawback: I tried getting straight into it with my musicman active bass, and the preamps saturated in low frequencies. Input has to be kept within a small range. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jing Garcia review  this is what i'm talking about: cheap but very usual form behringer. very handy too. but i hope then would run on batteries next time. overallrating 4   lineend
name Joel Fritz review  I put two pickups in my resonator guitar, a magnetic and a transducer.  This is the IMD--improvised musical device--solution to using both pickups without building a little box with two volume controls.  I plug two cords into the mixer, one from each pickup, and blend and balance the two pickups.  It works.  It cost a a little more than buying the parts to build something like an electric guitar wiring setup but it works out of the box so the labor cost is almost zero.  Bonus, it's an active device so it can boost the signal.  Only con is that it runs on 12 V and doesn't have a battery option.  I can live with that. overallrating 4   lineend
name Kyle D. review I have a pretty weird pedalboard set-up involving an EHX digital Memory Man looped back into itself and another split earlier in the pedal chain.  This does a great job of summing three outputs back into one signal before I go into a reverb pedal and then out to my amp.  Takes a little while to dial in exactly where the knobs should be, and they get very loud at the top end, but I have noticed no issues with sound with each knob at around 4.5/10.  I tested to see if I could tell any difference in noise due to this pedal but found none. overallrating 5   lineend
name ~ Kyle review I use this with my small mobile DJ setup mostly for microphone inputs when using my small mixer. Simple to use, works great, no hum or buzz at all. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark King review These are amazing little inexpensive mixers. If you need to sum together some signals this can get the job done.We have two of these in our vocal effects rack summing our effects from six feeds (three per mixer) down to two outputs (one per mixer), the mixers feed direct boxes which go back to the front of house console, this lets us have the effects on stage so the performers can control them and send the signal back to the console for adding into the main mix. We have no noise problems at all with these mixers and they really solved a problem for me, I needed tiny flexible mixers I could preset and fit inside the rack out of the way, not only were these extremely inexpensive they work great.Good luck and good music to all overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick Holly review  This liitle box works great for my needs. I am using three guitars on stage (When possible/room permitting.)and use this mixer to combine all three into one output to my amp. This way I can leave all three guitars plugged in and not have to take time between songs changing cords and such. It also solves a second problem: since the pick ups on each guitar have a different outputs (Fender single coils, Ibanez acoustic with Fishman piezo and Les Paul Gibson Humbuckers), I now have volume controls that make the overall volumes match. This is perfect for that. Inexpensive unit that is made of brushed aluminum and is quiet and adds a little boost to the signal that I velcro to my small pedal board..I'm glad someone else mentioned the A/C plug on theirs being European standard and not 110 volt US standard. Don't be surprised if it happens to you. I bought one and had the same experience. I got mine from Musicians Friend. They offered to have me return it but I chose to keep it since I had a 12 volt power supply available from an older unit I long since stopped using. No stars deducted since it was not the manufacturers fault that my supplier didn't check their inventory to make sure it was US standard. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Wristen review  I needed a way to boost the input of a wired lapel microphone coming from the preacher directly into my powered speakers.  Works great! overallrating 5   lineend
name Bill Lewey review  light construction but  you get what you pay for.  so far it has functioned well and I do use it a lot.  it would be nice if it remembered what channel it was last on so when you power cycle it doesnt switch on you.  I mostly use it to feed one amp from two different instruments.  I have not noticed any sound degradation from using it.  the volume knobs are handy for sure!! overallrating 4   lineend
name J. Brown review What a great little gizmo. I play both acoustic and electric guitar at my church and there is only one input on the board for me. No more unplugging/plugging in-between songs. Just a push on the pedal and I'm switching noiselessly between guitars. I can also adjust the input level for each guitar as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick review Hey it does its job for a cheap price.  I use it put mh guitar and Harp Mic through the same rig.  It does that.  It is plastic and Im not sure its inputs are the most efficient setup, but again it works.  Which in the end is my concern. overallrating 3   lineend
name Rick Holly review  s that complain about the low quality of Behringer stuff and the plastic case on the effects pedals but I have yet to damage one of the pedals and I admit that I am not that careful with my live equipment. This stuff is the best bargain on the market. Are my Behringer Eurolive active P.A. speakers as good as my Mackie SRM450 speakers. No, but the Behringers cost about $250 0 each while my Mackie's cost twice as much. If money is not a problem you should go with the bigger name brands but often at three to four times the cost and with only minor improvements.I am a weekly player and have been for 40 years. I wish this stuff had been around when I first started playing. overallrating 4   lineend
name SoundSteeler review This selector is very basic but does the job, if you need an A/B box for simple set ups give this one a try, it works for me and I dont see anything wrong with it, is simple, affordable and functional, what else can you ask for? overallrating 3   lineend
name The Den review This pedal, in short, sucks.  There's no point to having an A/B pedal if it adds a huge amount of hiss to your sound. Behringer needs to go back to the drawing board with this. overallrating 1   lineend
name The Picker review Not expensive. Not cheap. Not exactly what I wanted.Like most all of the Behringer items it has good points and \"duh\" points.If you use it as an  A/B one input to 2 outs, then you can use the 2 volume controls.  I did not need it for that.If you use it as 2 inputs and 1 out, you only control the sum out, not the individual inputs (thought you could, which is why I bought it. the 1/2 page twice translated fact sheet almost makes you think you can, but you can not.... I almost sent them back.. I bought 2 for a special set up needing to adjust the 2 input levels that I was switching).the LED indicators when using it as a 2 in - 1 out  (like 2 guitars into one amp, or in my case a mando and a midi-guitar rig into a single line in ) ...  are ...exactly backwards...  the one on the right (red) is actually the input on the left and the one on the left ( green) is the input on the right.... which makes it about as confusing to use as getting a weinersnitchel coupon that is good only at a sushi restaurant.Operation wise, no hums, no buzzes but no one left on bass.When it is all said and done, I am glad I kept them.Amazon rocks. got them in 3 days. free shipping.  where else can you take the change you find in the couch to coinstar, get a coupon with no fee and buy musical toys.  who said Santa was a scrouge.  i am just glad he took a nap and the money fell out of his pocket. overallrating 3   lineend
name timhief review Any time a person buys an A/B box their only real expectation is to have it switch quietly, this unit is as quiet as them come.  For the price it can't really be beat. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Tapia review well what can I say.  it takes a signal and splits it 4 ways offering output at HP level. genius.  I bought it for my church since we're going the HP monitoring route and this was my best bet against the super over priced shure/senheiser/audio technica overpriced systems. I paired this up with the MA400 and it works great. hook up an xlr straight from the DI and voila, you got both inputs with separate control. like I said. genius. overallrating 5   lineend
name Austin Garcia review  I'd give this 1 and a half stars if I could. This little Amp is so noisy if you hardly touch/move a cable plugged into it. It is so hard to get full sound in head/earphones with this. I can only hear in one ear in every headphone/output, and hardly anything in the other. I have to always adjust my cable's connector to get any full sound for a second. I can still use this, but hardly. I really don't like this. overallrating 2   lineend
name Bob Denton review  Perfect for remote recoding with up to 4 head sets. Clean amp and plenty of gain at  a great price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Christopher John Taylor review  Solid as a rock and definitely delivers on its promise. Whoever said Behringer gear sucked has no clue about audio gear. Our radio station owns several pieces along with this unit and are expanding our gear with more purchases of Behringer gear. Super value! overallrating 5   lineend
name Dan B. review Needed a boost with my headphones while playing Rocksmith.  Item works as advertised, very easy to hook up.  I am using with xbox 360 and auvio wireless headphones (33-283, out of production, but still work great) overallrating 4   lineend
name Dave review I hooked this up to the output of my Mackie mixing desk. I have my powered monitors (via a Y cable) on one output and my headphones on another.I can now play my guitar, write, record, etc through the speakers or the headphones and very quickly switch between them without messing about with cables and whatnot.Because my headphones are closed (DJ type) they cut out a lot of background noise and I previously found myself wondering \"are the speakers off?\". It was particularly awkward in that the power switches for my speakers is on the back. Not handy!Now I've installed this headphone amp it's definitely become an integral part of my setup, and definitely worth the money. Now I can actually get on with the music :-)Another excellent Behringer purchase. Recommended without hesitation. overallrating 5   lineend
name David review The item shipped in time. It is working fine. The sound is very good. The only problem I had is voltage. I live in Europe and I had to buy special adapter which transforms 220 volts to 120.I know A lot of items from USA that work with both voltage 220 and 110, but not this one.Thanks anyway. overallrating 4   lineend
name D. WALTER review I use this in my recording studio to allow musicians their own level of monitoring in their headphones for recording and playback. So far I've had this item for about a week, and it has worked flawlessly, and given the exact results I needed. Musicians love being able to control their own headphones, rather than having the engineer in the control room raise and lower their levels. overallrating 5   lineend
name E.I.E.I. Owen review Do not let the size fool you. This is a very handy piece of equipment and it's so easy to set up and use. Just plug a 1/4 inch stereo cable into your sub out on your mixer and then into the HA400, then plug in up to 4 pairs of headphones and your set to track overdubs. This is perfect for a small home studio on a budget and it's built like a tank. Be forewarned that this a very basic headphone distribution system, you can only adjust volume from the HA400 and it would be wise to purchase a real long 1/4 stereo cable and extensions for the headphones if you want to isolate vocals. overallrating 4   lineend
name H. S. Ryu review  Behringer doesn't have the best of reputations, but some of their gear does a great job at the price. This is one of them. This gives me plenty of clean volume to run my headphones. I run a project studio with an Apogee Duet as my interface. I needed this because sometimes I need to monitor something while another person in the room is recording/monitoring a track.My main headphones are Beyerdynamic DT 770 Pro, Sennheiser HD 555, Sony MDR-V6, and then I have some others. All of my headphones are comfortably driven by this headphone amp with plenty of gain on tap and I get very good volume, and even at the exact same volume as the input, I find that the sound is improved by using this headphone amp. It's hard to describe, but it just feels a bit fortified and a little bit stronger. I've had a Presonus headphone amp before that cost many times as much as this little Behringer headphone amp and the sound was no better.The volume pots are very smooth and there is no noise that I can hear that is introduced by this amp. Make sure you use a quality sound source because this will faithfully amplify anything that goes in. For instance, if I run a cable from my iMac's built-in headphone output to this amp and turn up the volume, I can hear a little buzz and random digital sounds, but that's not the amp, it's the source. Running the output from my Apogee Duet, the sound is very clean and strong.There are some annoying things about this amp. Obviously the external power supply is annoying, there's no on-off switch, and it's light enough that when everything is plugged in, it doesn't want to stay in place. However, that's nothing that Velcro tape on the desk can't fix, and the rest of the problems are stuff you have to live with when you get something that does so much for less than the price of a decent pair of headphones. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeff and Denise review I've had one of these I've used for years and it has served me well.I needed another so that I could get more headphone mixes out of my soundcard for recording multi-person bands in my home studio.Simple to set up: you get an input for your source and 4 outputs for 4 people to listen to the source and each one gets to control their own volume.[...] overallrating 5   lineend
name jimmytt review I use this at home on my project studio it works great for headphone sessions. I use it all the time to run an extra set of headphone in to my vocal booth/closet. It's all metal the knobs are great and very smooth to turn. For the money you can't beat it. Its not professional quality but Ive done some professional quality work with it with no problem. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jing Garcia review  This product works the way it should be. No frills, no BS. Great price at Amazon as usual. overallrating 5   lineend
name jschristian44 review When I first got this it blew up my headphones and didnt work right at all with my desktop speakers or anything.  I am now glad to say that after getting a replacement headphones and desktop speakers that this thing works fantastic.  It is a small design amplifier and does it's job very well.  I now have my good headphones, my noise canceling headphones, and my desktop speakers hooked up to it and they all work fantastic.  No more unplugging and plugging in the desktop speakers and headphones from the back of the computer which was such a hassle everytime.  Now all I gotta do is turn the control knobs and wallah.  I have to say it works very well for the price.  The only thing I don't recommend doing is turning the volume past the 2nd notch for your good headphones because they might damage them like they did mine.  Anyways, I would recommend this if you hate unplugging and plugging stuff in all the time and you want some more bass. overallrating 5   lineend
name ~ Kyle review Purchased two of these, one for on stage headphones and one to actually use as a junction box to send the sound elsewhere in the building to other amps/speakers. Works in both environments very well, individual channel volume control is perfect. No hum/hiss from these units at all. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Hassey review Not sure why Behringer gets a bad rep - this is compact, works as advertised, is affordable and an all around handy thing for the musician.Well built, solid construction - zero complaints. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ocean Blue review I have been using this little amp very heavily for about a year now and highly recommend it.  The device is extremely compact taking up virtually no space sitting right next to my mixer, it does exactly what I expect & the sound is clean.  Works great - great price - meets my requirements perfectly. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard R. Casper review I've been using this product for a while now.  Only for indoor really light use.  So I can't speak to it's durability at this time. But I like it because it's cheap, light, and it works. overallrating 5   lineend
name R Zimmer review this box is very well made and will last a long time. the controls are very tight and are not loose or sloppy. i like the fact you can daisy chane this device with more of the same. i am very happy with this purchase and i will be buying a few more now that i know they are made with quality and functions perfectly. i would tell my friends to buy this with no problem. overallrating 5   lineend
name Saltydawg review I use this in a small studio so we can use multiple headphones from only one stereo line out.  Individual volumes controls make it perfect. overallrating 5   lineend
name Taoshaman review I've owned and used this for a few years now without failure or flaw.  The pots all still work without adding noise, and in general the device does exactly what I need it to do.  You won't find a better deal than this on a basic headphone amp/mixer. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wesley Newell review My title says it all.  I didn't like the AC adaptor.  I did work very well and was strong.  I liked how solid it was. overallrating 3   lineend
name Yeemeister review I have always wanted to link multiple listeners to the same feed and be able to control the level, this is amazing overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  The Rate goes from barely there to a massively overdriven buzz tone. I'd consider the usable range from 0 to about 9 1/4. The real treat is the Tone switch. It's almost like having two stompboxes in one. The footswitch action is smooth, quiet and nearly effortless. The effect is there, then it's not. There are no audible artifacts as it switches in or out. It's hard to beat this box at any price. If the unthinkable happened I'd buy another one in a heartbeat. overallrating 5   lineend
name AT review I had always wanted a phase shifter but I never wanted to pay alot of money for one because its not something I had to have but I just wanted one. The reason I bought this one was because it was cheap. I got it and hooked it up and wow this thing is kool. You can get some insane sounds out of it. I mean some are so insane I asked myself what could someone possibly use this with in a song. But it's great. It does what it is suppose to do and it is a sturdy stomp box. Couldn't ask for more. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian review Great sound, works just like a phaser should. I have had it for a couple months and dig the way it sounds. I use it with very little gain for sort of a clean funky guitar effect. Cool pedal, solid construction. Only thing is that it is big!! One other thing, it works better if you put it in front. I found that in the effects loop, it does not work so great. overallrating 4   lineend
name Charlo review Great pedal- very lush and usable tones. Think \"Lightning Crashes\" by the band \"Live\". Ok, I was going to initially give it 4 stars because of the following reasons:  plastic knobs, foot switch does not 'click', very miniscule volume drop with engagement (actually, I moved the pedal to a different spot in my signal chain and I  think  that resolved the volume issue, but I can't tell-  I guess if it is too close to tell, then it's a non issue !). Then I performed a reality check on myself and looked at the price again.  Metal enclosure.  Works like a charm.  Twenty four tax free bucks and free shipping.  It gets 5 stars because there is nothing even close at this price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris Hayden review Works great.  For the money you can't go wrong with this effect.  I'm using it more then I thought I would when I first bought it.  The only thing I don't really care for is the stomp switch which is activated with more on a touch then a click.  Seems like it may be a weak point of the pedal but so far it's held up fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mallory review Perfect pedal. Easy to setup easy to use. It sounds great. Durable and strong. Not noisy at all really clean pedal for your board. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul Hawthorne review  I'd bought this thing several years ago-forget where-as an alternative to the Electro-Harmonics Stone Phaser. The EH Stone is great, but a) couldn't afford it 2)the adapter input is proprietary, differnt than was on my Boss pedal board3)wasn't gigging out. So I figured, \"What the heck?\".I've had fun with it. With a wah and a proper guitar sound, one can easily emulate the Hendrixish-Univibe sound. Remeber, guitar, touch, pickups, signal, etc all play into that factor. Also its a 'Vintage Style', not a mid 80's mosquito tone killing device. Not a huge range here. No swooshing jet sounds. Just good 'ol wobble.I'll agree with the other guy here and say the durability is questionable, and the size of the thing is annoying by comparison to the standard pedal housing. And, it does make some noise in my chain. Lately have been trying different cables, adapters, and batteries.A tinkerer/hobbyist/modder may enjoy getting a sturdy pedal housing box and putting this things guts into it, and, getting a sturdy switch. Paint it all weird and call it a 'boutique pedal'. overallrating 5   lineend
name David L. Vasser review This device works.  Here's what it does.  You plug an electric bass into the pedal's instrument input and then you can plug a second standard instrument cable into the pedal's high impedance output jack and then plug that one into a bass amp.  You also can connect it to a low impedance microphone preamp via the 200 Ohm low impedance XLR jack out.  You can use just the high-impedance output or just the XLR output or you can use them both simultaneously.  When the \"footswitch\" is off it functions transparently with no tonal modification at all just like a direct box.  When the \"footswitch\" is on an LED light activates and the tonal boost and tube emulation functions are on.  I put \"footswitch\" in quotes because I use fingers to push it, but leave it on all the time for my personal purpose.  When you insert a plug into the instrument input jack the unit powers on, so if running on battery be sure to unplug the input when not actually using it.Some other functional comments about it.  It runs on 9 volt batteries or a 9-volt power supply. I used batteries for a while but switched to an ac adapter.  Battery life isn't super but satisfactory.  Still if using it a lot, I suggest using an AC adapter.  When the battery starts going it sounds awful, but you could put it into bypass mode to finish the set.  Also when the \"footswitch\" is off and the LED is not lit, this thing functions as a straight XLR ouput direct box for anything you plug into it.  You could patch the output of an acoustic electric guitar or the output of an electric guitar pedal board to it and use that to feed a mixer for recording direct which is a very handy feature for the home recording hobbyist!  The amp emulation and tone controls are wrong for anything other than electric bass, so just use it as a direct box with the tone/emulation circuit off for anything except bass.The controls are all rotary knobs except the Ground-Lift switch which is a slide switch. The controls left to right, top row to second row are:  DRIVE, TREBLE, BASS, LEVEL, PRESENCE, GROUND LIFT SLIDE SWITCH and BLEND.Taking each control one at a time to understand what they do is important because they are not all logically placed.  The DRIVE knob adjusts the amount of gain similar to cranking the input stage control of the tube preamp and here is where you can get something like the tonal thickness (or edge) of overdriven tube tone.  Basically this part of the circuit injects variable harmonics and some of the more pleasing distortion out there for this purpose.  There is no ACTIVE/PASSIVE pad switch or extra active input jack on this pedal so if you have an active bass then you will not have to turn the drive knob up as much to get the tone you want.  The TREBLE knob is a + or - 12db boost and cut of upper frequency tones.  The BASS knob is a + or - 12db boost and cut of the lower frequencies.  12 o'clock is flat (or zero db boost or cut) on both the treble and bass knobs. The LEVEL knob is the master volume control and all it does is control the output volume with no tonal coloration.  The PRESENCE knob boosts the upper frequency range harmonic content for more attack in your tone.  The Presence knob isn't a midrange control, but does boost the upper mids.  The GROUND LIFT switch only effects the XLR output jack and it should be left \"OFF\" unless you hook it up and there is hum.  Then you can turn the Ground Lift \"ON\" and it might help eliminate the hum issue.  However it is better from a safety standpoint to remedy this by eliminating the electrical ground loop conflict that is causing the hum.  The BLEND knob controls the amount of tube emulation injected into the pedal's output with all the way to the left being none, 12 o'clock being 50% and all the way clockwise being 100%.CONS:  Very little bass gear, or anything else, is \"PERFECT\" these days.  Behringer gear has more build issues in general across most of their product line because using Chinese parts and labor is how they keep costs down.  Designed in Germany but built in China means you get Chinese components and Chinese build quality while the specs look pretty enticing.  For example at the first battery change the battery clip self-destructed as part of the clip's terminal stayed stuck to the battery having pulled completely out of the clip.  This was a Duracell battery, the standard for pedal batteries.  Went to Radio Shack and got replacement battery clips and fixed it with a new clip by soldering wires from the new clip to the stripped wires cut away from the old clip and taping up the solder joint.  I've never used this as a stompbox because the switch looks like it will break if you lean on it hard.  Construction is all plastic. The casing is very durable but based on previous experience with plastic switches on stomp boxes I know not to use my size 13-D foot on it.  The Treble and Presence knobs on mine will generate hiss and noise when set very high which may not be noticeable at all on a vintage type bass amp with no tweeter but becomes glaring when using a full range amp and cabinet or when using the XLR output for recording or a PA feed.  Basically I set the Treble and Presence to the point where I hear hiss start, then back off until it goes completely away because that is the functional limit.  Hiss is no issue in bypass mode because the preamp is off.  The jacks, other than the XLR, are the plastic box jacks that are soldered direct to the circuit board of the pedal, These type jacks are noted for causing problems, especially after rough use so take it easy with them and they should last a very long time.  This unit lacks any dedicated MIDRANGE knob but the Presence knob does seem to boost upper mids and treble simultaneously.  Some people who use this pedal as a stage-tool use it as a solo or \"scoop\" switch for slap & tap solos so the presence, bass and treble boost are basically all you need for a solo switch anyway.PROS:  First and foremost the price is almost too good to be true when you consider the price for anything else with similar features, but keep in mind that it has durability issues so be gentle with it and it will last indefinitely.  This isn't a Tech 21 NYC Bass Driver by any means, but works in a similar fashion to one.  I have a Tech 21 Bass Driver Deluxe that I use at gigs.  The Tech 21 sounds better but costs about eight times what the Behringer cost.  I use the Behringer at home and save that wear on my pedal board at home.  If I didn't have the Tech 21 unit I might take this unit to gigs, but it probably will last way longer the way I keep it setup at home all the time.  I especially like this unit when used with small rehearsal/practice type combos.  Many of these smaller combos have passive type tone circuits that basically are at flat when the tone is cranked wide open and this device really makes these little amps sound more serious.  Part of the beauty of an active bass is the tone boost capability you don't get in a passive bass and if you have a passive bass this can make it sound more like an active bass with the treble and bass boost in front of the amp.  It is also useful for boosting a signal in front of a longer cable run to the backline, say anything over about 18 feet.  For recording the XLR direct out is very useful and the XLR direct out can also be used to feed the PA at a gig if your amp doesn't have a XLR direct out.How I use this device:  I have my bass guitar plugged into the input and use the XLR output to connect it to a microphone mixer.  The output from microphone mixer is patched into a Turtle Beach Santa Cruz soundcard in an XP computer. I can then record using the computer's recording software, practice solo or I can play along to recorded music using headphones.  With headphones I can play as loud as I want anytime that I want without disturbing anyone.  Most computer speakers are very inadequate for electric bass, so I recommend headphones instead of your typical desktop computer speakers.  You can buy better computer speakers that are capable, but they will cost about the same or actually more than a decent bass guitar practice combo amp.  Quality headphones cost far less than quality powered computer speakers that are bass guitar capable.Having owned this pedal for about 4 years and knowing what I know about it, I would buy it again.  I would strongly recommend it as a home recording/practice tool but my recommendation as a stage tool is not as strong.  For home use it is fine.  You can use it at gigs but I'd be saving up \"gig bones\" to buy something more durable with better performance. overallrating 3   lineend
name Ian M. Mcclintock review I'm primarily a guitarist, but I keep an inexpensive SX bass around for when I'm self-recording and whatnot.  Since it isn't my primary instrument and I don't play bass live (well, not yet), it never made sense to invest in a bass amp.  I bought this to liven up the tone when recording, in the hope of removing some of the sterility of a bass plugged directly into a firewire interface.  It does the job; makes the sound warmer and more amp-like.Honestly, if you've been doing some homework about this thing, you should know what to think of it.  Behringer's build quality can be dubious sometimes, but overall their stuff produces sounds that should satisfy anyone who isn't a picky audiophile.  This box is no exception.  I've never personally played through a SansAmp, but I would hazard a guess that if you KNOW that's what you want, this won't satisfy you.  If you want something LIKE a SansAmp you could do a lot worse than venture the 30-some bucks on this little box.To my ears, it sounds quite good.  Get it if it fills a need for you and you're broke.  Knocked off a star for Behringer's usual build quality, although mine hasn't broken from gentle use yet. overallrating 4   lineend
name Lee review I used this for a while, but now I have the behringer 8ch rack mount and this rarely gets used. Also, every single bass guitar amplifier that has been on stage when I was the soundman had a balanced direct output right with xlr connector right there on the amp. I still use this for practice at home. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mark A. Attaway review I have an Acoustic B100 MKII 100 watt bass amp with a 15 inch speaker. My bass is an SX jazz bass. I have always loved the tone of my Acoustic amp, until now. After I plugged this little bad boy in, it brought my amp to life! Now, I cannot live without it. This is the Swiss army knife of bass preamps. Every bass player should have one of these. You can dial in tons of different tones and it gives your amp that tube-like sound. For 29 bones, you simply cannot beat it! Spend the extra 10 bucks and get the Behringer 9V power supply, so you don't have to worry about batteries. If you are a bass player, just buy it!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Papa review It's a decent unit, but stopped working completely after about 6 months. Tried everything I could, but it's gone. I would not recommend this pedal. overallrating 1   lineend
name Player review I own numerous Behringer products and have never had an issue with any of them.This item is well worth the money and the sound is awsome, which is what you want.  Who cares if it is plastic.I own a Behringer X V-Amp Guitar Multi Effects Pedal and when I first plugged into it, the quality of the amp models blew me away.To the guy who said he received one with stripped out screws and to not even think about stepping on the pedal... Dude, it sounds like you were sent a returned product that someone messed with.  You should have been bright enough to just return it and ask for a replacement.  Second, these are musical instruments.  You aren't supposed to stomp on them like you are trying to crush them and grind them into the stage... or where ever you play.  The term 'stomp' box isn't supposed to be taken literally.  It simply means you push the pedal button with your foot.  Erego, the word stomp. overallrating 5   lineend
name P. Refsnider review What can you say... at less than $30(incl shipping), it's a steal! I was looking for a VERY inexpensive version of the popular Sansamp, and this does it for me.  Decent SVT, flip top or \"fat tube\" tone, and a nice quiet DI.  I go DI to the house, and the output into my old Seymour Duncan amp/Aguilar GS410 cab. Great tone!! I'm using a 9VDC Class II wall wart (found it in my \"spare parts\" closet) vs 9V batteries.  With the wall wart, no DI hum = Great! Does eat batteries, so get yourself a power supply. Never use the foot switch; if used at all, I use my finger.  If broken or lost(who would steal it?), I'd buy another in a heart beat! overallrating 4   lineend
name sid review Does as described and really enhances your tone. Good breadth of tonal variations available. Only negative, and it's not huge, is that it can get a little noisy when the presence is increased beyond half. I was using a bass with two single coils which makes noise more of a challenge to begin with. overallrating 4   lineend
name Claudia A. Portillo review as another guy said &#34;not better not bad simply different&#34; it's true. i have dunlop classic wah, beautiful and it sounds good, but there are certain feautures, in this one and in the dunlop, that i do not like.dunlop:-has a little bit of more wah range than behringer-i do not like the fact that u have to active and disactivate to use it-more expensive than the behringer-to my ears kinda affect just a little bit  the tone of your guitar when in usebehringer:-cheaper-does not affect the tone of your guitar at all, very transparent-more features than dunlop-wha sound is not like the dunlop's, it is different but nice, i personally like.so bottom line, im using this one for my pedal board for my electric guitar and the dunlop for the one in my acoustic.good deal, just get it, i highly recommend it.thank you again behringer your pedals kick real butt. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gary Jennings review   if I ever figure it out. overallrating 4   lineend
name Joe Toland review I just got it today and haven't spent too much time with it yet. It sounded OK and I like the features on it. I especially like not having to step down hard on the toe to engage the pedal. As soon as you press down it's on. Lots of adjustments so I'll be tweaking for a while to find my sound, but it seems like it's going to be OK. It's a lot different from my crybaby so there will be a little learning curve. For the money It's a great pedal. overallrating 5   lineend
name mike ceely review very good pedal for the price  I have bought other behringer pedals that work very well will be buying more from them overallrating 4   lineend
name R. Johnson review  My 1st Wah. This is going to take some getting used to regarding the switches, knobs, and buttons.  I am working on getting that nice way sound which I've come across somewhat.  It sounds funky when just strumming some simple cords. One thing I would have like would be to have some more detailed instructions about all of the functions it offers.  Behringer has never been very documentation oriented. overallrating 4   lineend
name Solaceinsorrow review I've been playing with this a lot since I got it last week. It really is versatile as well as noiseless. I've mostly used it with the default settings.I haven't had the time to tweak it as much as I'd like but I can say that it is quite easy to get different tones from it. Really impressed with this wah! overallrating 5   lineend
name thrashreno review I bought the Hell babe 10 years ago, it was my first wah pedal and it has been on my pedal board ever since, the same one. i have never had a major problem with it, the boost knob fell off a couple years ago but it was plastic and i did kick it a lot over the years so no big deal. Its no crybaby and im glad, it has its own sound that i have tried to get out of my vintage crybaby but couldn't no matter how much i tweaked it. I actually run both my crybaby and my hell babe on my pedal board and i find myself using the hell babe way more, especially since it has the auto off and spring back. it really makes my solos rip. buy it, you will have a ball. My only complaint is that the spring is loud and audible when playing acoustic gigs but acoustic guitar sucks so whatever..... overallrating 4   lineend
name Aichokeu review Its ok.  It does what it says, but if youre using more than one other pedal you get a loud white noise in the background. overallrating 3   lineend
name Brother MOLOCH 969 review  er) a try.I'm waiting on the Behringer Orchestra Chorus pedal to arrive and HOPING it isn't hissy like the EQ700 is.I will say though I do like the tone influence this pedal has. It does a nice job of altering the tone & gives my rig a greater flexibility for sounds.Overall I give this pedal a 3 out of 5 stars. overallrating 3   lineend
name Denis review It is a good pedal. It is not heavy and the price is good. It is a good choice for a beginner. Thank you. overallrating 4   lineend
name fendertele67 review This little guy does all it needs to do. Once plugged into your board you can litterally ballance yourelf in the monitor without worrying about the sound guy. overallrating 5   lineend
name GunHawk review Now I can use the clean channel on my amp, with this pedal, for my acoustic guitar and that leaves my channel 2 for my other pedals and my electric guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jared Jennings review If you want an eq pedal right away to tweak guitar/keyboard sounds, this think is GREAT. People are trying to hate on this, but it is fine, I was expecting the worst from the reviews, but still wanted it so I got it anyway. You don't need the adapter they push (the behringer brand 9v), best way to work with this is turn all bands ALL THE WAY DOWN, then just go up with each one till you get the guitar sound you like, then you can turn it off during this test to go back to your \"default/normal sound\" to hear the difference. It works nicely, and for the price it was a steal. In the future I may get a more expensive one, this seems fine for now. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jorge Marin review don't let the system absorbs you !  this device as others is really  great for the money, check everything by yourself ! this is as good as other devices that cost 3-4 times more. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michelle A. Puziss review Behringer pedals are really cheaply made and the feel amazingly light, cheap and unable to take the riggors of gigging. I just didn't want to spend $100 on the Boss version, but you get what you pay for! Another thing that I hate is it's really hard to change the battery, unlike the Boss pedals. save your money and steer clear of this one. I also bought a Behringer power amp for $200 that lasted a few gigs befor it crapped out. overallrating 1   lineend
name Scott H. Irving review  if you go very high with the boost in frequencies, you will get noise in significant quantities. too noisy to please me for anything except experimentation. Pay the extra money and get something quiet. Others complained about this and they were right. If you want to experiment with equalization, its good and cheap. Some complained about each band boosting others. This is more of a user problem than manufacturing. If you want to isolate a frequency range, boost that range and then cut the ones before and after it and you'll get a narrow range. In this respect, its like an MXR 6 band. overallrating 2   lineend
name SoundSteeler review This pedal works well in my rig, I have two Boss EQ20's advanced EQ's and sometimes they are complicated due to the 10 bands they have, this little toy does the trick, and does it very well, I think that people who writes negative reviews don't know how to use it, it can require some time and experience but having much more expensive equipment to compare this pedal is a very good eq and for the price is unbeatable, highly recommended... or you can go for the overpriced $100+ Boss original unit, at the end is the same, maybe a little quieter but essentially the same if you know what you are doing. overallrating 5   lineend
name tommy review I don't have any real praise or complaints about this.  I does just what it should, and for the price, it's pretty good.  Like most pedals, it can be used with a 9V plug-in transformer, but it's not included.  Yes, it's made of plastic, but you can't expect any more for $25. overallrating 4   lineend
name Aichokeu review The most diverse pedal I own.  You can play everything from Pink Floyd to Parkway Drive with just a few tweaks. overallrating 5   lineend
name Alexander V. Ramos review  Whatever the name, this pedal is from the Ibanez Tube Screamer camp. The packaging description says it uses the JRC4558 chip and MA150 diodes, and yes, Behringer got the sound right. I'd say this competes well against any of the modded TS pedals. What I love about this pedal is the TONE knob. For the TS pedals in this price range, it's the most useful. You can set it high, and it isn't too icepicky, yet the entire range is useful. This is great if you use the thing as your main overdrive sound.I prefer this pedal for boosting my gain in a hot amp or pedal, or another overdrive. It works well as a lead boost for rock or blues tones. It could also be used to add a touch of breakup for jazz tones.I bought this pedal to \"semi-retire\" an older Ibanez TS5 soundtank. The switch on that one isn't as good as the Behringer's. The Behringer has a much smoother action to it when turning the pedal on or off. I use mainly solid state Fender amps, and several distortion pedals (including a BOSS Metal Zone). I'd bet this would sound great through any tube amp worth its salt. The only downside is the slight lack of bass. If you routinely run your guitar sound through 12 inch speaker setups (esp. 2x12 and 4x12), or a distorted tone with plenty of bass, this shouldn't be a problem. overallrating 5   lineend
name Applewhite Minyard review I had a BOSS Blues Driver pedal that I really liked, that is until I got this Behringer Tube Overdrive. For blues, you (or at least I) want a gritty, dirty sound, one that implies some of the hurt implicit in blues music. I was happy with the Boss, but I decided to try this B. pedal, and I'm glad I did. I compared them side-by-side, and the Tube Overdrive was much grittier, like a small tube amp pushed just past its clear sounding limit. It's perfect for the sound I want, and I can adjust the amount of distortion to my preference. Some like a LOT of that sound, but I prefer just enough to color the sound and shape it to my desires, leaving the rest to my playing and the dynamics of how I attack the strings.I've now retired the Boss pedal. In a careful comparison, the Boss had a cleaner and slightly more clear sound, which is not really an overdrive, but more of a distortion, but a clear distortion, if that makes any sense. It does add sustain, but it can't compare with the B. pedal's effect, which implies a power barely held in check, just exactly what I was after. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charlo review The knobs are a little sketchy - they feel like they will break off if you step on them wrong- but the sound is just great.  This little guy has been on my pedalboard since it arrived in the mail.  I may buy a second one as a backup.  Behringer hit a home run with this one.  Not just a 'great sounding pedal for the price\ but an honest to goodness great sounding OD pedal.  No true bypass, but if your pedal train is short or you have decent bypass on your other pedals you won't detect any 'tone suck'.  It sounds good enough that I don't mind the lack of true bypass! overallrating 5   lineend
name Claudia A. Portillo review i got this pedal to use it along with a boss metal zone, it adds more bite to the distortion range. i barely used it by it self but definitely for the price we can not beat it. behringer pedals  and joyo pedals as well are the best in the market for quality and low price. thank u guys!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name CUSTOMER review WOW something to scream about this vintage tube overdrive wont get you tied but will keep you producing and reproducing hit after hit. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fender Guy review  What can I say that you haven't already read about this amazing pedal? If you thinking about buying the other green overdrive pedal you can save big green with this pedal. If your looking to play out with it know that it's cheaply made and can be destroyed in seconds. Have a backup. Take great  care when plugging and unplugging from this pedal. That alone can cause problems... As far as tone goes it rates very high on the Tone God List. You can go from clean to outright mean with this pedal. It has out muscled my 2 other more expensive name brand overdrive pedals and yes it has earned a permanent spot on my pedalboard. I use it mostly as a clean boost so the pedal is always on and I never turn it off once we start playing. I leave it plugged in on the board all the time. I reach down and use my hand to turn it on and off. I carry a backup pedal... I LOVE THIS PEDAL!...just don't ever drop it... overallrating 5   lineend
name Gutjammer review I own the old Ibanez TS9, that I modified to the original Keeley specs. Side by side, there is a difference, but I only use it for my rehearsal rig.  This is the first pedal, I've had to actually read the manual, in order to figure out how to install the battery!  The instructions tell you to use a ball point pen, to press in the hinge pins, in order to remove the foot switch cover!  I laugh when ever I hear about the &#34;Holy Grail&#34; 4558 IC Chip.  When I modified my TS9, I found that Chip at Mouser, for 15 cents a piece!  It was a net order, and I felt weird ordering 1, so I ordered 5. They send a 10 pound catalogue every month because of that purchase!!!  The Behringer TO 800 is a cheap alternative to the original if you're on a budget, and will do in a pinch. The civilians won't notice the difference! overallrating 3   lineend
name Joe Toland review I like the sound of this pedal. It gives my ss Fender Princeton chorus a good tubelike sound. I have 2 all tube amps but they are both heavy. I prefer taking the fender ss on smaller gigs. The TO800 gives me the sound I like without breaking the bank. I haven't used batteries in it because I use a 1 spot adapter on all the pedals on my pedalboard. If you'rethinking you want this and are on a tight budget go ahead and pull the trigger. You won't be sorry. overallrating 5   lineend
name John review this is a fun pedal and it really seems to work pretty good as far a getting tube like tones. Simple overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Beach review  s for the TO-800 are uniformly favorable. Based on this, I purchased one instead of paying many times more for an Ibanez TS-808. This proved to be a good decision. The TO-800 produces exactly the sort of sound enhancement that made \"seasick green\" justly famous: creamy smooth to raunchy depending on my whim.The same sound for a lot less money? What's the catch? I'm a musical hobbyist. The TO-800 will sit safely on my office floor and, most likely, never be actuated by my foot. The Behringer's shoddy plastic case and flimsy little control knobs, for me, are not liabilities. If I was a gigging musician on the other hand, I'd want the tank-solid construction of \"the real thing\" and its additional cost would be well justified. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ken Yo review Bought this because of all the great reviews, ButThis doesn't work, just like the last Beringer product I bought. Will I ever learn? Very disappointing.UPDATE- Now working; got my mate an Aussie genius to have a look.Found pedal wasn't engaging when pushed down.Took plastic cover off and pressed black button with his pinky and light came on; sheer genius.Worked fine with cover off; then replaced cover with new bit of rubber. And it still works.Amazing sound actuallyStill not sold on Berhinger though overallrating 1   lineend
name Kevin McGonigal review I love this pedal. It gives just the right amount of crunch when needed. Typical Behringer pedal with plastic case but a really good sound. I use this in my home studio so durability is not a concern. Nice and quiet when not in use and can scream when you need it to. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr. GrvThang review For the money, this one's a no-brainer.  It's a one-trick pony, but that's what it's supposed to be, and it does its trick very well.  Sounds better than the Ibanez or Boss models - warmer and less processed-sounding.  Plugged into a solid-state amp, at its lowest drive setting, it sounds like you're playing clean through a tube amp.  Plugged into my '65 Twin Reverb (not a re-issue, but the real thing)- WOW!I just got it a couple of weeks ago, but it looks like it will hold up to gigging without a problem. Don't be a 'gear snob' who looks down on lesser-expensive products - the sound is what matters. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Heisler review Sound just like an Ibanez Tube Screamer to me. Many seem to complain about the plastic housing but, I'm fine with it. Seem durable and plastic has proven to be pretty strong in many products so... Sounds great but I also have a Berhinger Ultra Metal that I think kill for a high gain metal sound better than this. Note I use it with a Marshall JMC800 head, a Marshall JMP head and a Crate Blue Voodoo head and these pedal sound excellent. I've got some videos on YT if you search UM300, JMP800 and Blue Voodoo out. overallrating 4   lineend
name Skip review The pedal works as described. The draw back is the battery installation. You have to take the pedal off to access the battery. The other thing is if you forget to unplug the input cord from your guitar the battery drains when not in use. I purchased a power supply to go along with it. The problem with that is the power supply is one more thing to find a plug in for. It's ok for the money and works good. I run it wide open and have the amp gain pretty high also to get the retro sound I am looking for. I mainly use it with a large body &#34;F&#34; hole guitar with a set of very heavy flat wound strings. The lows with vibrate the fillings out of your teeth! overallrating 3   lineend
name Slashaholic Anonymous review This pedal is based on the famous Ibanez TS-808 pedal. My hat's off to Behringer for doing an excellent job of recreating the classic sound in an affordable package. I don't own the TS-808, but I do own a TS-9, and while the TS-9 does offer a nice gritty overdrive overdrive that has enough bite to bring your tone out in a mix, the TS800 offers a warmth and a sweetness that I've simply fallen in love with. Several of the classic tubescreamer characteristics are audibly present: Slightly rolled off bass and a bit of a mid-range hump, with a tone control that offers useable tone at any setting. I usually max out the level knob and adjust the drive know to taste(which never exceeds 12 o'clock); I've found that this setting gives my tone the most body and depth. I use this pedal primarily with my Jet City JCA20H head just to \"pump\" it up a little bit. This combination takes me straight into Guns 'n Roses (or that type of 80's/90's-era rock) territory.Used over a clean tone the TS800 offers a very warm, smooth, bluesy overdrive that can either be more of a clean boost or add some grit depending on where you set the drive knob.The pedal is made of plastic, and while it seems solid enough, it's the only area where this pedal really merits any criticism. But considering that Behringer is offering this pedal for [...], it's clear that in order for Behringer to offer such great tone at such a low price, sacrifices in build quality had to be made. That being said, I don't feel concerned at all that this pedal will suddenly break on me; don't be too rough with it and it should last a good while. overallrating 4   lineend
name stefanj review I am not a giging muscian or even a serious player.  I play for fun and relaxation.  I have been playing for about 10 years but only in the past 2 years have I taken up the electric gutiar.  I have a very simple amp setup with a Fender Starcaster 15 G as my practice/ backup amp and a Fender Mustang 1 20watt as my main amp.  I love the Mustang, but have always found the Starcaster kinda weak (well duh it is a simple practice amp).  I have 2 very basic Guitars (a Jay Turser M300 Series and an Epi LP Special II).  I normally only use the Mustang but latly have found myself really appreciating the simple clean sound that the Starcaster can give, But it is a one hit wonder.  I am constantly switch amps and is was getting tiresome.  I order this pedal on a whim thinking that it might add a little depth the the starcaster and I might be more inclined to use this amp more.  Boy did I hit a home run with that!  The pedal arrived and I spent an hour playing with it on the starcaster.  The depth and fullness it adds to this little amp is amazing. It truely gives it a tube crunch but yet retains the nice clean sound when the levels are backed off.  Flip the overdrive button on the starcaster and this amp become a distortion MONSTER.  Yea I know I can't imagine what this pedal would do on a &#34;real&#34; amp!  I also found that I'm getting better response with my guitar tone knob too.  THat was always an issue with this small amp- the tone knob made very little difference.  Not anymore.  I can spin the knob and go from clean to dirty and back again.  Yup this is a winner for all you practice amp only people.  Just for S and G's I plugged this into the Mustang (set on Brittish 60's Red) and turned the levels way down.  Amazingly it backed the crunch and distortion way off from this setting (so now I can go clean without having to touch the amp!)  All the reviews have stated how nicely this pedal works on the upper settings but it was great to find out that it can be used effectively to clean up a dirty channel!  I look forward to playing with this some more on both amps.No for the nuts and bolts of the thing.  Yup plastic.  Well I'm very gentle on my gear (this sits on a table next to me and is activated with my hand) so I don't expect issues, but if I was a thrash metal rocker I would probably look elsewhere for durability.  Don't drop it or jump on it and it should last a lifetime.  The switch activation is very positive and easy to manipulate.  No issues there.  The dials are easy to read and turn smoothly.  The LED is a nice level of brightness and does not flicker.  I'm using the AC adaptor so no ideas on battery life or replacement.  THe box is heavy enough to stay in place, but lite enough that I could easily toss it in a gig bag and not worry about it damaging a guitar.  Cable plugs are rugged and seem like they will last a lifetime.  I left the unit plugged in overnight and there was no desernable heat in either the adaptor or the pedal.  after palying for an hour the pedal was still cool to the touch as was the adaptor.My biggest complaint has to do with Amazon itself.  I got this for twenty bucks shipped.  Amazon gave an estimate of 10 days to arrive!!! 10 Days!  Yea it was coming from Vegas to NY but 10 DAYS!!  15 Days later it finally arrived.  15 DAYS!!!!  More than 2 weeks.  Half a Month!! I'm pretty sure UPS SurePost had a guy walk it to NY.  I don't know what the big delay was all about but I was horribly bummed about shipping times.  I ordered a few other items with this (AC adaptor and 5 ft insutment cable to use with this) and they arrived 4 days later.All in all this is a great pedal.  Outstanding for those of us with simple equipment and on a tighter budget.  If you have a simple practice amp and want more out of it, then grab one of these pedals and be prepared for amazment that so much sound can come from a little package. overallrating 5   lineend
name tommy review I was unsatisfied with the tone from either of my two used solid-state amps, so I ordered a VHT Special Six (supposed to be THE best small tube amp for blues harp), I also ordered a Peavey KB2 (solid state keyboard amp).  Then I ordered this pedal and three others (graphic equalizer; MXR carbon copy delay; T-REX reverb)  I figured that I would find a good tone for both blues and other music from something within this combo.  Well everything is being returned except this pedal.  I found that when I plug this pedal into my old 8 watt Peavey Rage, I get better tone and volume than either of the two new amps using them alone or with any combination of the four pedals.  More \"tube-like\" sound than a top-rated tube amp! AND...if I want a cleaner tone, I can dial it back, or bypass it altogether.  My only complaint is that it does not accept a battery.  You must use a 9V transformer, which is not included.  Oh well, my experience with the other pedals was that a battery does not last long anyway. Yes, it is made of plastic, but if you are reasonably careful, that should not be a problem.  UPDATE: I just found that by plugging into BOTH the high and low jacks (at the same time) on the VHT amp, it now produces \"the sound\".  I will keep the VHT and use it instead of my Peavey Rage with this pedal.  The sound from either set-up is pretty close, but the VHT requires less fooling around with adjustments, and is more resistant to feedback. I still might keep this pedal though, cause it's easily the next best thing to the VHT Special 6 tube amp. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bret Hart review This pedal, used in conjunctions with a host of others on my board ('The Labyrinth'), does what it claims to do and more. It seriously boosts the instrument signal from my Tele at a mere 50% level setting and makes the subsequent MXR Distortion + pedal crackle with goodness and increased sustain. I've purchased a host of Behringer guitar pedals during the last year (used, I might add) and am happy with every single one of them. Don't let the cheap price fool ya. I've been using all manner of guitar pedals in my work since the 1970's - yes, I'm \"old\" -  and these stack up against anything similar that more expensive manufacturers have to offer. I'm just glad that I'm getting most of them for under $50 before the world figures out how reliable they are and Behringer jacks the price of everything. Oh yes, I use a OneSpot 9v multi-adapter to power everything, so I cannot comment on how quickly these pedals plow through batteries. GOOD STUFF! overallrating 5   lineend
name Claudia A. Portillo review thank u behringer!  your pedals really kick ass, this one is outstanding, and for the price can not get a better deal, highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name hargy15 review Every guitarist needs a volume pedal at some point in a gig. THe Behringer Preamplifier/Volume booster pedal is an inexpensive yet quality volume pedal that works great! overallrating 5   lineend
name James Moulton review I got this several years ago, and I was pleasantly surprised by it, really was nice with my acoustic to raise some volume on my soundhole pickup before the direct box. I gave it to some one after I used it for a couple of years. overallrating 4   lineend
name Rick Holly review   that said this pedal had a noticable hiss. Since I didn't remember hearing any, I got it out at home and plugged it into my amp (I have the same amp at home that I use live). When you activate it with the tone set flat on the pedal and the volume about 12:00, there is a very sight hiss (no noise when bypassed). For me it is a very minor hiss that in live situations with all the normal room noises I never heard at all. This may not be true for all amps and maybe some high gain input amps may handle this signal differently. I know for sure it is a lot quieter than almost any effects pedal I have ever owned and I have box full from 35 years of playing. I am using a Vox VT30 which is a modeling amp with lots of bulit in effects (delays, chorus, flanger, compressors etc.) These days I don't use any additional outboard effects (except a BBA Sonic Stomp that I never turn off) so siganl from my guitar hits my amps input very cleanly. If you use various guitars on gigs, this pedal is very useful. It allows me to quickly match the various guitar output levels and compensate for differences between humbuckers, single coils and piezo pick ups on an acoustic without having to adjust the amp controls. This is a great problem solver for any rig that needs to control the input level to the amp and it does it at a bare bones price.I have owned several Behringer pedals for live work and have some Behringer rack gear in my live audio rack and in my home studio. I gig reguarly once to twice a week faithfully. I have never broken or had a problem with any of my Behrinnger gear (including a pair of Behringer 12\" powered speakers mixed with a pair of Mackie 15\" powered mains). I don't intentionally abuse my gear but at 2:00 when your packing up s    happens but so far my Behringer stuff has never let me down yet and I have had some it for many years. I also keep reading about people worrying about the hard plastic cases on Behringer pedals. Don't worry about it. They are sturdy enough. (Just watch out if you are changing the battery on a dark stage. The battery goes under the pedal switch and the spring that is under the foot switch will probbaly fall out if you are not careful. (To open the battery compartment/foot switch cover just use a pen or small phillips style jewelers screwdriver and push in the black pins on either side of the pedal.) overallrating 5   lineend
name timhief review I purchased a budget passive soundhole pickup for a guitar I bring to a local open mic.To get any volume from it the sound guy had to boost the channel very high and the sound was still a bit thin.  I found the Behringer PB100 and after reviewing various posts about it as well as checking out the YouTube demos of the device I purchased it.  I used it for the past four weeks at the open mic and have been impressed with how it boosts the sound without effort.  I can add a bit of bass which makes the guitar finally sound as it should too.  This pedal makes the budget pickup sound like a much more expensive pickup now. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayfinder review Item body is plastic rather than metal. This is to be expected at this price.  I would not call it \"sturdy\" but at least it's $25 instead of $125, and it works.  Professional musicians may not be impressed as there are some occasional noise issues (as I've found to be true with many Behringer products).  Nevertheless for what it is... it works reasonably well.Received this item in good time.  There's only one real dislike I have about the item:  The battery access is... goofy.  To access the battery one must take the foot pedal off by \"inserting an ink pen into the hinges\".  Two hinges, two hands... a tricky process at best.  Not the easiest battery access I've ever seen.  However to be fair, relatively minor issue and not insurmountable.  I became relatively skilled at it in short time.Initially the product didn't work.  All I could hear was static out of the amp and thought I had a defective unit.  But then I noticed the gain was turned up right out of the box.  Turned it down and the sound got much better.  Traced an additional problem to an old unshielded guitar cable; replaced that with a good one and sound smoothed out.This is a sensitive unit, with a wide gain and tone range.  It has excellent Bass and Treble tuners.  It did seem to be somewhat sensitive to movement noises so apparently there is no noise filter of any kind in the box.  Jiggling of guitar cords could cause static and cut-out.  That could be cord issues or box issues.  I'll experiment more later.It does have some hiss that is easily audible in a room environment.  Behringer seems to have a problem with hiss in their products, dunno why.  But once the sound comes out it's difficult to discern the hiss; it's not extremely loud or annoying... it's just there.Bottom line this is a cheap unit at a cheap price.  It does the job and should work fine for most instances where such a device would be needed (such as with passive pickup--non powered acoustic instruments).  I'd recommend it for those who need such a thing simply because of the relative ease of use (foot petal on-off switch) and the relative low cost.It's just so-so in my estimate, but in some cases so-so is good enough. : ) overallrating 3   lineend
name A. Tapia review like title says. the item does what it's supposed to.  you get the headroom you expect from a 20 dollar item.  I love the ability to have separate control over both inputs.  I've had it for a few months and I'm experiencing some noise on the pots, which I didn't expect.  I thought it would've lasted a little longer. I can open it and clean the pots but again, I expected a little more life out of it.  battery operation would've been nice but like I said, does what it is supposed to, well enough that I've bought 2 of them. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dad review Was a great problem solver for me but almost exactly one year after getting it the volume died. Useless now. I used the \"line\" input (to tap into an aux feed that got recorded) as it came off a live board. For the price I guess I shouldn't complain too much. Behringer often means trading price for longevity as the QC seems to be very hit and miss. So now time to decide; do I resign myself to replace it every year or get something mo betta?Note: this is a low end, but still \"pro audio,\" piece of a equipment. And while it truley doesn't get super loud, for people who say it barely does anything volume wise I have to wonder if they are using it with home audio equipment? If so, your signal strength going into the unit is likely well below the +4dBu \"line level\" signal that pro gear offers. Subsequently you are boosting a signal that is much lower to begin with. And as a result are getting poor volume plus the added \"bonus\" of increased distorion and/or floor noise when you do try and crank it up.Update: well it works some days and not others it seems- so a I keep it around for now as I am having more good days than bad days with it lately. Can't really see a rhyme of reason to it- connections don't seem loose or intermitant or anything like that- I just either have good volume or it craps out??? It is in one permanent location, used exacty the same way every time- so it's never a matter of a different configuration or using it with different gear. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dapper Dan review This box is small, but packs a great punch! I don't notice any difference in audio or loss in sound. The two dials for MIC and MON levels are nice and stiff, and feel like they will last.This personal monitor station is much smaller than I thought it would be, which is definitely not a bad thing! The connectors feel nice and the whole thing screams quality (especially for only $20).If you find you just aren't getting enough mic in your headphones, grab this ASAP. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. WALTER review I bought this headphone amp for in the isolation booth of my recording studio. The idea was to give the vocalist/instrumentalist personal control over their own levels, without the engineer having to change any settings manually. The item works GREAT for that, as long as you're not using a powered microphone. If you are using a powered microphone you get a crazy loud buzzing, and interference when the monitor, and microphones are plugged in. Plus, the hum/buzz is so loud you can't hear anything from the microphone. The only way I've gotten rid of the buzz is by running an unbalanced mic cable from the headphone amp to a Direct Box, and then into the board.  I'm told that a Hum eliminator would do the trick, but that's another $40-$100 I really wasn't planning on forking out. I'd rather have the engineer change the levels for the vocalist/instrumentalist than pay an extra $100 at the moment. Again, it's very good at what it does, if you don't power the microphone. overallrating 3   lineend
name Jonah K review Love this amp.  My Drummer is stoked to be able to use this product and has really enhance our music.  Affordable and great quality overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark Showalter review  This gadget has stereo in for your monitor mix & a passthrough for you mic so you can get the overall mix set then add in your mic to get the \"more me\" setting. It's simple & easy to use. Works great. overallrating 5   lineend
name overbybr review This is an awesome way to get into the in ear monitor game without dropping hundreds of dollars. Adjust your volume of the main mix, and adjust your instrument/mic level relative to the mix without affecting the main sound or your band mates feeds. Perfect for that singer or musician who is constantly asking for &#34;more me&#34; in their monitor. You can also use this to control a floor monitor if you want. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review This is definitely a must have for the home recording enthusiast, especially if you are using any of the XENYX or other Behringer brand mixers (it also works with other mixers as well).This is a great, inexpensive, way to  get your analog audio into your digital recording software. It works on Windows, Mac and Linux (at least it did for me). overallrating 4   lineend
name David M. Gammon review  I love my laptop, a Thinkpad T40. It does almost everything I need .. almost. A MONO mic jack, no other inputs. The Behringer U Control gives me STEREO now. The Behringer reputation pulls through once again. I've tried some USB sound cards without success. This product puts my older laptop besides newer ones. Well done Behringer!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name ETD review I do live shows online, and my older Behringer mixer does not have the built in USB port, so these digitizers do a great job for me.  I constantly get comments about how clean and clear my sound is, and while I largely attribute that to the mixer, this digitizer is just as important a link in the chain.  Very simple to use, audio out of the mixer goes into this digitizer, plug the USB cable into my computer, my streaming software sees it, and people hear me.  I am definitely a Behringer fan. overallrating 4   lineend
name I.M. review  I use this with a Behringer mixer and run it through my laptop computer to record my music. It was just what I needed to give me clean sound. Running it through the USB not only give great flexibility but also makes my recordings sound like I was in a studio. I highly recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name James Starritt review One of the big selling points for this unit was the sound quality and the need for no drivers.  Well - after starting to use it on Windows 7 x64 I was dismayed to find simply awful electrical interference and buzz in recordings.  I went to the Behringer website, I found the product page, found a tab for drivers, downloaded them and boom .... all my problems were solved but that had taken me days and days.  Needless to say that portion of the marketing is crap - drivers are absolutely required if you use Windows 7.  I am using this with a Behringer 1202FX mixer - it is a good combo.  The build quality is nothing to shout about but even though the enclosure is plastic if feels sturdy enough.  I treat my gear with care - I figure it'll probably last for years and years and years.  I am extremely happy, and hopeful that somebody will read this review and skip to the drivers immediately upon installation. overallrating 5   lineend
name J English review Ok I understand it now - I use Abelton Live 8 and thought this would be and easy, read cheap, interface to record some instruments with. WRONG! I am returning it. It does not work, has no drivers and is not detected on my Mac (my Mac finds everything). Bought the Focusrite unit instead. Got it to work on garage band but latency was miserable and so was hiss on recordings. Save your money and time. Buy the Focusrite interface or one of the others. Yes over $100 but you either want feedback, hiss and frustration or you want a smooth interface connection with good resonance. It also lacks 1/4 plug, one rca input, you need an addapter. Not what I thought I was getting - dumb me. overallrating 1   lineend
name Jon F review It's hard to argue with this when you consider the price they charge for what it does.  It works and it's by far and away the best cheap option to go when you want to record audio to your computer.I use it with Audacity.  At first, I found the recordings to be rather noisy with lots of hiss.  After fooling around for a couple hours trying to figure it out, I thought it was just because the audio interface was a cheap product.  The next day, I fooled around with it more and realized I needed to turn the mic input down (in Audacity) and turn up the gain halfway on my mixer.  When I did this, it completely shut out the hiss.  I've been making great recordings since.It's a plug and play tool, but it should come with some kind of instructions for problems like I experienced.  However, they are just a matter of setting up your computer properly because this thing works very well.For those wondering about latency, obviously there's some.  You'll get latency with any type of recording device.  You just have to account for it in the settings of your audio editing program.The only other thing that is a legit complaint is that playback is a bit noisy and hissy in the headphones if you have the headphones turned up high.  It does not sound like that in the recordings, though.  So, it's OK.  I can deal with itThis is a very good product and can't be beat for the price.  When it comes to quality, you have to set it up correctly.  When you do set it up properly, the quality is fantastic.  It would be nice if there was some kind of troubleshooting guide that came with it, though. overallrating 4   lineend
name K. Beach review  I'm an audiophile, but I've spent most of my adult life looking for outstanding devices that make exquisite sound available to &#34;the rest of us&#34; at realistic prices. The UCA202 is a must-have DAC for anyone streaming or playing digitized music - whether MP3 or 192KBPS FLAC - via a Mac, PC, or Linux computer (especially laptops with notoriously-noisy audio signal pathways).Run your digitized sound through the UCA202, then through a tube buffer stage (for under $100 if you use a pair of Behringer  MIC100s set at unity gain) and then through competent downstream electronics and speakers for &#34;state-of-the-art&#34; at you-and-me prices. Then tell me what YOU think (grin).Or run a pair of &#34;best buy&#34; Sony MDR-7506 headphones (or Direct Sound EX-29s in noisy environments) directly from the the UCA202. Same deal (Laughter of the Immortals).Rest assured I've voted with my feet. I own a total of five UCA202s that I use in different locations. Folks, this is a STELLAR device at a throw-away price. Bravo, Behringer! overallrating 5   lineend
name Larry Johnson review I bought aBehringer 802 Premium 8 Input Preampsback in July and I didn't know that I needed this. So now that I have it, I can finally record to my laptop! Great product! overallrating 5   lineend
name Lee review You can spend a ton more for a studio-level, multi-channel interface, but all I wanted to do was get two analog channels in and two out (2x2) on my bargain-basement PC, and this fits the bill. Works perfectly with Audacity and Windows 7, plug and play. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr Tall review This unit works great for taking a line level from something like an audio mixer or even an old cassette deck and converting it into a USB audio input. I have not used the headphone monitoring section (doubt I ever would) so I cannot comment on that feature, but this unit is so simple to use that I was pleasantly surprised.For anyone in a band out there - I used this device to take a line out from our PA system into an old laptop running (free) Audacity software and was blown away by the quality of the recording. This even helped us to figure out better vocal balance technique for some parts that were not quite perfect on stage. overallrating 5   lineend
name Player review This little device is more than worth the money.  I run a Behringer EUROPOWER PMP1280S Powered Mixer into the Behringer 1202 12 channel desktop mixer($80)into the UCA202 into my computer.  The recording is awesome.  My recording playback sounds like its live.I use a lot of Behringer equipment and no, I don't work for Behringer.  I'm on a budget.  That means little money.My friends say, \"Duh, oh, well, Behringer is built cheap and is junk.\"  And I say, \"Duh, huh, really?  I've got better sound than you, a lot more equipment to power my show, it has never broken down, and I paid a LOT less than you did.\"In fact, I use Behringer XM8500 mics ( 3 pack for $60 ).  I was playing a gig at a small pub.  A friend who swears by Sure mics asked if he could do a song on my break.  I said sure.  When he was done, he said, I LOVE this mic.  The sound is awesome.  Nuff said. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick H review I'm reviewing this after spending a couple or so hours trying to get this to work with my Behringer 802 Xenyx mixer, and I finally did after nearly throwing in the towel.  Turns out I was using my mixer's CD/Tape switch incorrectly, thus getting very poor results or excruciating feedback.  I finally went on You Tube and found a Behringer guy that has a video that's less than 2 minutes in length and he had the unit hooked up to a mixer and computer.  Just taking a look at the that video made me realize it was something simple I was doing wrong - I was over-thinking it. Once I got it to working correctly, I could not believe the results once everything was dialed in correctly, including the control on my PC that controlled the recording volume for this unit.  So, now I'm looking forward to doing some real recording with it, using Audacity as my main recording software. (Edit: I did some recording with this dealie over the weekend and was really, really pleased with the results - I can hardly wait to do some more recording with this. So, to the arrogant salesman who bad-mouthed this at a local music chain store and tried to sale me a $150 0 Lexicon unit, I won't be needing that - I'm quite happy with this little interface, thank you very much. And to everyone else, don't forget that you can keep this thing hooked up to your PC and use it to simply listen to music on your hard drive and it will sound a lot better than your stock on-board sound card.  Thanks Behringer, this is a great value!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick Holly review  I own two of these Behringer boxes (they come in two modals) and use them with Sonor/cakewalk and an internal software sound modual (Roland Virtual sound Canvas) to play back midi files with my live two piece band. The sound through the PA (Soundcraft mixer and Mackie active speakers) is loud and very clear, in most cases, no eq needed. I guess it really revolves around your personal needs. For live performance these Behringer boxes are excellent and the price is a steal. I do not use it to record as my home recording is done on a stand alone DAW (Tascam 2488 24 track).If you are a live musician or a DJ using something like Virtual DJ these boxes are a great way to eliminate low level hum from a laptop and give you a dramtically better sound than most internal laptop sound cards. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rob M. review This is a solid little USB Interface.  There are no frills, and there's no latency.  I have used this for @ 4 years without any problems, and it's very portable.  I run this between my small, 8 channel mixer and my laptop for recording guitar, and it's well worth the price to have one of these around.  Can also be used with tape players to import audio into your computer; I use this for more than just guitar recording. overallrating 5   lineend
name Techie review  s, especially one who took the time to really expound on it.  I used it for recording a cassette to computer, but I really bought it to use to interface my mixing board with my computer.  Should work just fine.  The seller was fast, getting it to me over 2 weeks ahead of the projected arrival date.If you've used other Behringer equipment, you may or may not be impressed with their quality.  Just remember, that although they may be engineered in Germany, they are made in China.  Enuf said.  This particular unit seems to be built pretty well, but time will tell. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tommy B. review I picked this simple interface up back in 2007 and I can attest that it still works flawlessly after all these years! It's been gigged, dropped, and even rained on, however it still sounds great and functions perfectly. I was using this as my laptop interface and when combined with the free ASIO4All driver, I was able to get anywhere between 5ms and 10ms latency. Under Windows 7, it was plug and play with the default WDM driver, however to really take advantage of capabilities, you'll want to install ASIO4All, especially if you're using Ableton, FL Studio, energyXT, etc. All and all, the UCA202 is pretty limited, however it does allow you to easily get audio into and out of your PC. For the functionality alone, it's definitely worth asking price! overallrating 5   lineend
name Gordon Tubbs review Let me begin with a Public Service Announcement: If you want to buy other EZDrummer expansion packs, YOU NEED TO BUY THIS PRODUCT FIRST!   IMPORTANT UPDATE    Toontrack is scheduling the public release of EZ Drummer 2  in May 2014. If you buy EZ Drummer 1  from now until then, you will ALSO get the download for 2 . Bear in mind, EZD2 is a completely new/different program from EZD1, and so I would jump on this opportunity considering you get the stock EZD1 Pop/Rock Kit (which has some very kit pieces) in addition to the EZD2 default kit (which is more reminiscent of the ROCK! expansion kit from what I've seen). EZ Drummer 2  also gives you the ability to mix/mash kit pieces from all expansions, and so to me this makes EZ Drummer a MUST BUY based on the sheer customization available.    RESUME NORMAL PROGRAMMING   If you are an amateur musician and you want a quality virtual drum kit, EZDrummer is probably the best bang for the buck you'll find. It's very easy to use, very easy to program, and overall a well made product. You might be tempted to compare EZDrummer to its bigger and better brother: Superior Drummer 2 , made by the same company. Superior Drummer is superior to EZDrummer, but is a little more tedious and more suitable for musicians who want an exact close-to-life sounding virtual instrument.There are ways to improve the off-the-shelf sound quality of EZDrummer immediately. YouTube has plenty of video tutorials on this, but what you want to do is open up your Digital Audio Workstation (Pro Tools, Cubase, etc), and set EZDrummer for multi-track output. From there you'll be able to tweak the different outputs EZDrummer has as if you were in a studio and had 7 mics at your disposal. Most high-end professional studios use about 10 mics to capture everything on a drum kit, and so 7 virtual mics is nothing to scoff at: Kick Drum, Snare Top and Bottom, Toms, Cymbals, Overhead, and Room. Once you have each of those outputs running, you can perform individual EQs to change the tone dramatically. Adding a touch of distortion/gain and room reverb will make the stock kit sound REALLY close-to-life. In reality, once you have additional instruments layered and everything mixed and balanced, it only takes a trained ear to tell that it's a virtual kit.As far as the expansions go, if you are looking to record a particular style of music, then I highly recommend buying the EZX kit that goes with that genre. The stock Rock kit is VERY GOOD (after performing the mods above)... but only for Rock. As for me personally, I did my best to EQ and tweak the crap out of it to get a nice metal tone, but in the end, I found the Rock kit lacking, especially since it's a \"tight\" kit (3 toms, 3 cymbals, 1 hi-hat, 1 snare, 1 kick). overallrating 4   lineend
name Harry review I write and record my own music.  I stink at writing drums.  I don't play drums, I don't really have room for a drumset, and I really don't want to spend the money on a drumset to see if I can figure it out.  This is a great program for non-drumming, one man bands like me.  MIDI drums and the drum sounds from my Yamaha keyboard just wasn't cutting it.  It works with Ableton Live 9 with no problems.  Tons of different grooves.  It sounds like a real drummer on a real drumset.  Very easy to use. overallrating 5   lineend
name Slick Rhoads review The software itself (sound/interface): 4.5 starsThe installation and activation: 2 starsPROS:1) The drums included in EZ Drummer are the most realistic review  s I just thought the people complaining about the install/activation were being wusses. I mean seriously, how hard can it be? Well, they were right, it sucks. It took me two hours to get it all working.My advice: Don't even install the app from the included disc. Instead, just go create yourself an account at toontrack.com and download the most up-to-date version and ALL the patches for the modules that come with it.My experience:1) Try to install from disc. Fails with a 1308.2) Google'd the problem. Found out I needed to get a toontrack.com account and download the installer from there.3) Downloaded the ~650 MB ZIPPED installer. Then, I had to unzip the 18,000 files, which took about 20 minutes on my PC.4) I was finally able to install it and then had to download three other updates to the modules within the install.5) Then I had to jump through one final hoop to active it (take this key copy it here, then copy this here, stand on your head, etc..).Great software, horrible install.~Slick overallrating 4   lineend
name Tim review A breeze to install on my mac mini, simple to use with Garageband. The bad reviews here are bizarre, written by inept people who either can't handle the install or have a buggy PC or OS. I was up and running 5 minutes after I tore off the shrink wrap from the packaging.There's plenty of specs/details/videos on the interwebs about this software, go do some research, see if you like it. It's way better than the drum kits that come with Garageband and there's plenty of kits to expand with. I got the Vintage Rock kit and I love it - almost as much as I love pizza, which I will marry some day. I like a cheese pizza. Some call it \"plain\" but with the right blend of sauce, cheese and crust, there's nothing plain about it - it's somewhat complex, much like myself. We are a perfect match, pizza and me. We go together like shoo bop shoo wadda wadda yipitty boom de boom. I'm not exclusively a thin crust guy, sometimes I dig something a bit thick or an all out deep dish.The only weak point in this pizza I mean software is that you can't do a cymbal swell. Apparently, it's the same with all these virtual kits, regardless of brand, but it would be nice if someone (toontrack) would address it by including a \"side stick\" attack on the crashes. If you try to do a cymbal swell, you hear the initial stick-on-cymbal \"ting\" with each attack, so it's kind of a \"ting-ting-ting-ting\" sound instead of \"bwooooosssshhhhh.\" I'm sure I can find a bwoosh loop without a ting-ting. Bwoosh loop - no ting-ting. Do I get a fortune cookie with that?Pizza time!Ohhh, myyyy loooove... my darlin'... I hun-ger for.... your crust.... overallrating 4   lineend
name Todd A. Hooper review I could go on and on for days, but the best things about EZD are the endless EZX packs you can add in and the fact that all drum grooves have a mic on each drum as well as room and overhead mics which give you that live, organic sound that you can never get with loops.You can edit the grooves and fills via MIDI if you need too, add in cymbals, etc. It's really, really an amazing program. Best money I ever spent! overallrating 5   lineend
name alexander review I have a solid non weight relief Les Paul Traditional that is one heavy motha and these locks keep my fat girl nice and close to me. Like these better then the bulkier Dunlops. overallrating 5   lineend
name Diego A. Umana review Best straplocks I have ever had! In almost 30 years of guitar playing, I have tried many straplocks: cheap, expensive, nickel, steel, gold... youn name it, I have tried it. These are the best, topping any other by far. More secure than all competitors, never wear out at all, locking system never fails and these always maintain their fantastic looks and for a very long time. I have them in Chrome in every guitar I own. Highly recommended. Cheers! overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael A. Johnson review This is a great way to easily add or remove a strap to your guitar. If you don't enjoy dealing with a strap getting in the way when sitting and playing but don't like putting a strap on and off or if you just want more peace of mind that your guitar won't slip out of the strap while you're playing then upgrade to this system! overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael A. Rammel review  Besides looking cool they are for sure not going to malfunction, you have to pull up on the tab to get the strap to release. they spin nice. Good locks, I like them better then the dunlops. overallrating 5   lineend
name Network13 review For anyone who has had the experience of a strap coming off at the most inopportune time and seeing your baby go crashing to the floor only once, is enough to justify a strap lock system of some kind. I mount my guitars on the wall when they are not being used, so I wanted a strap that can be put on and taken off easily. Anyone who removes and reinstalls their strap knows that it does not take long for those eye holes to become loose. Also, I didn't want to have short &#34; strapletts&#34; dangling from my guitars while it's being displayed. So for the couple bucks they cost and 10 minutes, I get everything I wanted. Quick release and reattach of the strap, the piece of mind that it's not going to just randomly drop one day, And they come in all the standard finishes, chrome, black, gold, nickle and they do not detract from the visual artistry of the guitar while on display. I have these on all my guitars and always will. As an added bonus, once you have these on multiple guitars, you can quickly swap out straps as often as you change your underwear. overallrating 5   lineend
name A Customer review When I first installed these tuners my guitar would still go out of tune. Mainly the second to the last string at the bottom and I later learned it was the wrong tuner and the string tree was too blame. Sometimes I just don't pay attention to the obvious;)It turned out that there are 3 short tuners and 3 long ones. The long ones go on the top 3 strings, the short ones the bottom 3 strings, get that because I had them on incorrectly. And even worse, I was using the string tree which is the part that holds down the 2 bottom strings. The string tree(google guitar string tree and you'll see one) was actually making the strings not stay in tune with the locking tuners. I know silly but I was not paying attention.The reason you use the short tuners for the bottom is so the guitar will stay in tune! The string trees get in the way and when you whammy the strings go out of tune. Please take a note of that.Overall a good product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brendon review I purchased these for a Fender Squier Affinity Strat. Be aware that they will NOT fit a Squier without drilling some holes. The stock tuners have one peg - these have two. Despite this, installing them was quite easy. They have a high build quality and work great. I was hesitant to buy locking tuners at first, but now I'm glad I did. overallrating 5   lineend
name Claudia A. Portillo review i got two sets of these tunners, my jackson and fender guitars stay way better in tune now, i love them. overallrating 5   lineend
name cliff pierce review If you have never used these tuners before , you are in for a treat! New strings have never been easier to install. Great upgrade for Squier Telecasters! overallrating 5   lineend
name C. L. Wheeler review  s already out there that I read before purchasing these for my 91 American Tele but I will say I really like these tuners and I'm very happy I switched to them. High quality and great design. The guitar just stays in tune now, period. Attractive too with the Fender F on the face of the locking knobs and NOT a big bulky look like I thought they may be before I tried them. Very easily installed without any modification to the headstock of the guitar. If your thinking you might like to upgrade to locking tuners but having doubts whether you'll like them or if you should go with a different brand? Go with it and get a set of these! If your experience is like mine you'll be very satisfied. overallrating 5   lineend
name cvmaparadog review These locking tuners are perfect for any Strat or Tele. I have an American Strat and an American Tele that both came with fairly decent non-locking tuners. I also have a Carvin and two Paul Reed Smith guitars that came with locking tuners...they are certainly worth having. Fenders (at least American-made ones) are very easy to swap out tuners for these...the holes are already there, there's no need to drill holes for screws, everything is so easy you have to do it yourself. I've swapped out the tuners and have never looked back...the only question is what to do with the non-locking Fender tuners I have now! overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Craton review I put these on a dual humbucker USA Strat.  The neck was pre-drilled so the posts on the tuners and the diameter of the center post fit perfectly.  Job only took about 15 minutes.  Excellent build and looks great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ed review You can't go wrong with these. I've installed them on EVERY Fender I own. Even if you don't use the trem very often, they help maintain proper tuning if you overbend (which I'm prone to do). I haven't had any tuning or slippage issues when I have these on, and you shouldn't either.Easy to install also, and for the money, give them a go...they're just as solid as the pricier ones...and they're Fender, so how can you go wrong? overallrating 5   lineend
name Eric A. Rogers review These really aren't a very good value. If I had to do it over again, I would probably get Wilkinson locking tuners which are much less expensive and a lot easier to install. If money is no object and you need the F trademark on your tuners, then I guess these are for you. overallrating 4   lineend
name fendertele67 review The locking tuners are a great add to my 09 strat. They went on easily but, I noticed they are staggeered so make sure the the taller tuners begin at the low E. After the install I stringed it up and played for a couple of hours. Cosmetically they do look cool and functionally which of course is the purpose they keep it in tune. I am not a big trem guy but when I use it I do not \"now\" have to worry about its tuning. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fernando Valenzuela review I never really had an issue with tuning stability with the stock tuners on my American Standard Strat. What interested me the most was the easy string changes and locking tuners have really helped with that. But I have noticed that it does stay in tune better than before. These are easy to install and simple to use. All you need is a 10mm socket and your are set. As others have pointed out, these are staggered so there are 3 long ones and 3 short ones so you need to make sure you get them on the right way. It only took a couple of minutes to install and they fit like a glove. I've read some people complaining about the additional weight on the headstock but I don't even notice the difference. They work just like genuine Fender parts would be expected. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gary D. Garvin review  I ordered these tuners for my Fender Blacktop Stratocaster (MIM). I just received these tuning machines today ... the pegs line up, so they drop right in. Remember ... the E-A-D are that tall capstans and the G-B-E are the shorter capstans ... it all works out. I've also put 5 springs in the block (I like stiff tremelo, bridge flush to surface) and replaced the amplifier knobs with conventional Strat knobs (had to get CTS split-shaft 500K pots for that and replace the solid shaft pots). The amp knobs they use get in the way of the tremelo bar. BUT, back to the tuners ... they just made this guitar perfect with holding tuning. Much easier and faster to change strings.I just ordered another set for my Strat H-S-S ... great guitar but could certainly use these tuners. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gilberto Moreno review  This tunners turned my normal cheap Squier, into a perfect Squier. My guitar now stays in tune better than my PRS and Epiphone. overallrating 5   lineend
name giubaloo review Super easy to install on guitar, they look great and they make changing strings a breeze. In just a few minutes I had restrung and tuned my guitar with no problems at all. The best replacement for Fender tuners, by far. overallrating 5   lineend
name H18 review I did the swap myself in a couple of minutes, this are the Ping model 18:1 ratio and they stay in tune just perfect! overallrating 5   lineend
name Howard J. Herman review Excellent product at a righteous price. Helps my guitar stay in tune.Changed the saddles at the same time and the sustain is much better. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ima Fish review  I have a set of the original locking tuners on a '84ish Strat.  So I decided to try these on a Fender Telecoustic guitar I have that wouldn't stay in tune.  These fixed that problem.  It stays in perfect tune now. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jerry review I replaced the original Indiana guitar tuners with the Fender Locking Tuners, and what a difference!!!  I had to drill some holes in my headstock, but that was accomplished by tightening the new tuners on and leaving an indentation from the feet after removing them prior to drilling.  Then it was a simple matter to drill new holes and mount them.  The locking mechanism is great!  It acts like a vice in a woodshop project.  And all I need to do is put on new strings and lock them down, tune them, use the tremolo bar a few times to stretch the strings, retune a couple more times, and they just don't go out of tune anymore, regardless of how many times I bend the strings.  These are highly recommended for anybody who is tired of going out of tune. overallrating 5   lineend
name Johnny Guitar review  SUMMARYIf you aren't using locking tuners, you're wasting time when you restring. They are just faster and easier. Overall, this is a really nice convenience upgrade on guitars and it's not very expensive to do. Fender uses these on the American Deluxe, and once I got one, I had to have these on the rest of my stratocasters. Because they save time restringing, you are more inclined to restring frequently, which means you sound better. (Fresh strings can do a lot for your sound!)I've put these on several guitars I have, and always appreciate them when changing strings. At instalation be aware these are staggered height tuners so be sure to put them in the correct holes (see below). These are drop in replacement tuners for most modern MIA and MIM Fender Stratocasters and Telecasters that use a Shaller style tuner. Fender makes these relatively cheap now in chrome, although I wish they would make them affordable and available in a gold finish. I've seen also seen nickel and black, and they make gold but hard to find and rather expensive (something like $120 a set).FUNCTION/PURPOSEI think people believe these somehow give you more stable tuning or something but that is actually not their purpose. Proper use of a traditional non-locking tuner is just as stable. Some folks don't actually understand how to properly use traditional tuners and they don't get stable tuning as a result because they use too few or too many wraps and don't string it correctly. For those folks, these will elimiate the resulting \"pings\" and such. But their intended purpose is to speed string changes. I believe that some folks confuse locking tuners with a locking nut in that respect. A locking nut quite definitely makes for more stable tuning, and that's why you always find them with Floyd Rose tremolos which are made for dive bombing. But locking tuners are not really for that purpose.FIT AND INSTALLATIONRegarding fit, these have 2 little pins on the backside. If you are considering a replacement, make sure you get tuners that are the right size and configuration for your guitar so you don't have to drill the back of the neck, the tuner bores in the headstock, or use inserts. If you want to use these but don't have the little alignment holes, Stewart Macdonald makes a small drilling jig for drilling those holes. It's expensive (about $40) but not as expensive as messing up your neck or breaking the tuners when you tighten them down on ill fitting mounts. It is nearly impossible to drill those alignment pin holes correctly without a jig, and even with the jig, easy to be slightly off. These fit most newer FENDER stratocasters and tele's, both american and MIM and will be a drop in replacement with no muss and no fuss in most of those cases.Pull one of your existing tuners out and look at it before you change. If you have a squier or a knockoff you may want to measure the headstock bore and remove a tuner to look at the back mount. Maybe buy and inspect, with the knowledge you might have to return them. There is usually an exact fit drop in replacement locking tuner that can replace your standard tuner so if this isn't it, look for one in the same brand as what is on your guitar now. Be aware different tuners also have slightly different holes bored for the main peg hole.Typical neck bores for tuners (by brand) are shown on the warmoth site at [...]These are the holes that warmoth uses on custom necks when fitting tuners of various brands:- For Fender/Shaller tuners, its a two step bore, with the main portion being 25/64\" and the rest at 11/32\".- Vintage style tuners use 11/32\"- Gotoh and Grover use a two step 13/32\" to 11/32\"- Sperzel uses 25/64\"- Planet waves uses 13/32\"Of course, if you are mechnically inclined, have the tools, and don't mind potentially drilling additional holes in your neck, you can almost fit any tuner you want on any guitar. Sometimes that means using inserts or bushings, or drilling a hole for a tiny backmount screw, or for alignment pins in different locations...but the best answer is to use a tuner that is a drop-in replacement.When installing, be sure to look at the height of the pegs on your old and these new tuners. These are not all the same length -- they have staggered heights - 3 long and 3 shorter. (I think I have also seen some sets that are 4/2 but these are 3/3.) Put the long ones in the E-A-D string holes, and the shorter ones in the G-B-HighE holes. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jon S review These replaced the stock tuners on my Squier Deluxe Stratocaster and were NOT a drop in fit. There are two pegs on the tuners that didn't line up with the holes from my stock tuners in the headstock and required me to drill additional holes. I was somewhat expecting this thou so no starts taken away.These make string changes so easy and I love the ratio of these tuners. Because they are staggered I was able to ditch the string trees as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name kannibul review 3 long, 3 short. Drop in replacement for both my MIM and MIA strat. Added mass, easier to tune. Good, cheap, easy upgrade. overallrating 5   lineend
name Katheryn Bowling review Perfect retrofit for my 1989 American Strat. The locking mechanism is strong. No problems at all. I like to stay brand loyal, so I honestly think these tuners will go on the rest of my Fender collection. Tuning is a breeze and is very stable. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lip Davis review I put this puppy on in 15 minutes or less. They fit perfect on my American Standard Stratocaster. They work like a charm. If you play guitar and like to keep your strings in tune on your strat. This are a no brainier, the price is right, and they look great on your stratocaster. overallrating 5   lineend
name Loren A Griffin review These Fender locking tuners are top quality.  Couldn't be happier with my purchase.  You definitely don't want to go with a cheap alternative on something as important as your tuners, and this is a set you can count on. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark Rodgers review Nearly all of the reviews I read on these were very positive, and I concur. These are very nice, solid tuners, especially for the price.They do add a little noticable weight to the headstock, but it's not a problem. overallrating 5   lineend
name Marty German review  Unfortunately, these tuners require drilling to fit my Squier Strat.They look very similar but the two pins are approximately 1/16th of an inch further out from the shaft so I'm going to have to drill new holes in the headstock to use them. Worse, the holes will actually touch the edge of the existing stock holes so, I'm going to have to fill them, first.The quality of the locking tuners looks great!I only wish that they'd show a diagram with the specs written on it so that I could have known that these don't fit my guitar! overallrating 3   lineend
name MAURICIO S TAVARES review These Fender Locking Tuners are the best for Stratocaster guitars, mainly if you have a tremolo system, what helps a lot the tuning stability and speeds up the strings change. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr. Practical review These replace the OEM tuners exactly without requiring any modification of the headstock. They look fine. When I get the guitar back together I expect that they will work properly. Delivered on time as promised overallrating 5   lineend
name Nilram review Quality tuners overall. I like the look and feel of these. The only complaint I have is that after &#34;locking&#34; the strings the tuners loosen slightly a short while later. So I have to continually check that they are indeed still locked.All in all though very good for the price. overallrating 4   lineend
name Paparaptor review I now have these tuners on an American Strat and an American Tele.  They seem a lot smoother than the stock Fender tuners, which honestly, I have no problem with.  These were purchased on a whim.  I don't find changing strings that big of a bother.  These will save you a few minutes.  I guess if you're a gigging musician, they would be of more value for quick string changes to an onstage guitar.  Don't get me wrong.  If you want a set of locking tuners for your American or Mexican Fender guitar, these are excellent.  But I'm not sure that most people would derive enough benefit out of them to warrant replacing a good functioning set of regular tuners.  I like them, I don't love them. overallrating 4   lineend
name Rich review For the money they are great ,look nice are very easy to install .you will like them on the guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name RJ review Now all I have to do is install these on my Burswood Strat Copy. I know I'm gonna have to drill holes for the locating pins I may even have to drill the tuner holes also. Look forward to getting those crappy, loose, un-smooth, original hardware tuners off this thing.July 20, 2012:Just installed these Fender locking tuners on my Strat. Didn't have to drill the tuner holes, they were the perfect size. Placed all the tuners in the headstock lined them up with a straight edge and just pressed each tuner very firmly into their hole (with the locking part screwed in tight so as not to damage them) and  very lightly and carefully tapped them with a small rubber mallet to mark my drill points. Then with a small magnifying glass and using a punch I made a center punch mark (just using pressure by hand with the punch since wood is soft) on each indent that the tuner made. Set my drill depth with a piece of tape on the drill and was done in less than 15 minutes. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Luhring review The tuners arrived today. I had them shipped to my business address. It took me longer to get home from work than it took me to remove the stock tuners & replace them with these. Perfect fit & they look great. overallrating 5   lineend
name RonNW review I had trouble with strings going out of tune too often. Installed these Fender locking tuners, and voila !!!!!Amazing difference !!! Re-stringing is much faster now, and tuning is fast (no long loops around the tuning pegs) ,holds up much longer, rarely need to re-tune now, even after lots of bending and vibrato. ( I love the Ernie Ball Super Slinky 9-42 strings and Fender stainless steel 9-42 strings also).My opinion is every Strat benefits from these tuners, they should be standard on both the MIM's and American Strats. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tachyon review I have these on several of my guitars and I love them.  Nice and stable, easy to change strings and lock tightly.  Always check the diameter of your peg holes prior to installing. To note these have the two peg placement anchors on them, so if your headstock only has the single hole for the tuning peg, you will have to do some drilling. Really nice upgrade for your standard tuners. overallrating 5   lineend
name TIMOTHY A. BILLINGSLEY review  I have a Squire tele and replaced the tuners with these. The 'tab' holes didn't match up, they are bigger than the Squire originals but it was no problem to set new holes and tighten them up. The hold tunings and make string changing a breeze. Highly recommended. True Fender product. overallrating 5   lineend
name William McClain review Easy upgrade.  Fit with no problem, direct replacement for the stock tuners.  Make changing strings a whole lot easier.  Glad I did it. overallrating 5   lineend
name David J. Huber review  We use these at our church to light up stands for performing music or doing readings during worship.I appreciate the adjustable antennae so that the lights can be directed to specific areas. The light is bright enough to be able to read even if the room is otherwise in darkness. I do wish they had one more LED in the heads, though - with two standard 8-1/2 x 11 pages on the music stand, the outer edges cannot be lit directly (though there is enough bleed over light to see it, it's not as bright as it could be). Just another 20% output would make these 5 stars perfect.Construction-wise, they're slightly fragile - clearly not made for industrial or heavy duty use - but for standard usage, they will hold up just fine and should last for years.We love them - we have 7 or 8 at the church that we use. They're especially wonderful because they're battery operated. With all the cords we already have from microphones, it's wonderful not to have an equal number of extra power cords running a bunch of electric lights. There's an extra environmental cost with using the batteries versus plugging them in, but the handiness, adaptability, and lack of extra cords make it worth it.Definitely recommend these to anyone, and also recommend the manufacturer add another 20% or so lumens. overallrating 4   lineend
name djinx review These are great lights for music stands.  If you need a good blackout light theMighty Bright 52010 Pedalboard Light, Blackhas a red light that works great for dark stages.  Because they are LED the batteries last a long time. Some of the Mighty Bright lights also have an AC adapter option but this one doesn't. overallrating 5   lineend
name Grand &amp;amp;#34;Kiki&amp;amp;#34; review  I am a little disappointed. I could use a brighter light. I forgot how dim LED lights are. I am looking to change if I can find something else. overallrating 3   lineend
name jbnomad review They do the job of lighting your music up and they are easy to clip onto your music stand. The switches on the lamps however are a bit flakey. overallrating 3   lineend
name Michael W. review Works great. I use this thing several times per week in rehearsals and it always does the job. My only critique would be in battery life; maybe a different setup (it uses 3 AAA batteries) would provide longer life. Otherwise it's great- overallrating 4   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  This clamp on pair of miniature lamps does an excellent job of illuminating music, set lists and notes. The manufacturer claims 12 lumens of light, which is roughly equivalent to a 1 Watt bulb, but the lens and the way the light is diffused make them seem much brighter. Since the design keeps the light somewhat directional they are relatively discreet and will not interfere with others on the stage, in the studio or in the audience.The three batteries will last 28 hours of continuous use according to the spec sheet, and that is in the ballpark of the use time I am getting between battery changes.What I love is the dual heads, each on a gooseneck that is over a foot long. The length gives you a lot of flexibility [no pun intended] for placing the lights exactly where you want them. The goosenecks easily bend and stay in whatever position you bend them to. The clamp is perfect for most stands and has a layer of padding to prevent marring surfaces. The manufacturer claims that this light can be used free standing. Frankly that is a stretch and I would recommend a light designed with a larger base if that is what you are really looking for. This one does work beautifully clamped to music stands, and the illumination will cover both pages of a chart. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard R. Casper review Not very bright. Not very flexible. Too big. Clunky. I really don't like it. I wish I had went in a different direction. overallrating 1   lineend
name stefanj review My wife got this for me as I tend to play the guitar in less than ideal lighting conditions.  THis is the neatest little light I have ever seen.  It takes 3 AAA batteries (included- but I did not find them until I was tossing the package out). And has 2 nice LEDs.  The lights are bright enough for my 40 something eyes but not so bright as to introduce glare on the sheep music.  The clip is plenty strong enough and even hold to my rolled edge music stand.  Battery life so far has been at least 8 hours (actually probably 12 hours as my daughter has been using the light also).  I love the ease at which the lights are adjustable.  A real needed item is you play in darker rooms. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob B review  The Behringer ACX-450 is a good looking, great sounding amp in a small package, but should be used at low to medium volume.  At higher volumes one has to take care with the equalizer to reduce bass and midrange, and also use the anti-feedback button, to avoid a \"muddy\" sound from too much (distorted?) bass.  This not an amp to play loudly, but rather for low-to-mid volume accompaniment in a smaller venue.As to the sound effects, it is great with 16 effects covering reverb, chorus, delay/echo and many combinations.  I especially like that you can have all the effects with totally different settings on either channel.  Also nice to have a separate XLR microphone input on channel 2.The CD/MP3 input is good for backgrounds (or maybe drum machine) when playing, or music during breaks, although one needs a cable with RCA plugs to connect it.  Lack of a headphone jack is a drawback, but is balanced by all the good things this little amp offers.Overall, a great sounding and very flexible amp for a low price, if you don't plan to crank it up too much! overallrating 5   lineend
name ccaptn review I have been using the Behringer ACX450 for six months now.  I was impressed early, and still am very satisfied with the performance.  It is a straight forward 2 channel acoustic amp with some modest effects.  One would have to be filling a large venue to need more than this quality amp can provide.  I'm running preamps from Gibson J45 and a Taylor 114 ce and they both sound amazing and I don't even know what to do with the rest of the gain.  The music from these instruments is clear, bright, deep and the sound is a great reproduction of the instruments themselves.  Behringer's mission statement is to provide quality amplification to musicians at a reasonable price.  I say, \"mission accomplished\".  Amazon was seamless to work with and with free fast shipping the whole experience has been great. Man, how did we get by before things were so cool and easy.  Push a couple of buttons and magic appears at your doorstep. overallrating 5   lineend
name OfficeBoy review Great amp but the instructions are minimal and pretty worthless.  Unless you have a mixer, you can only use one instrument and one microphone with this.  Really puts out the sound though, and I guess that's what you get an amp for!  I used it in a basketball gym and only had to turn the gain up to 2-3 to fill the place.  Very nice effects on both channels. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pissed Off! Review should be 1/5 review  I am so happy with this amp. I've had it for close to a year now and it sounds amazing. On a couple of occasions, I have plugged in my acoustic, my mic, and my buddies mic, and it still handled the load and sounded good. I'm impressed. I even have a Digitech pedal that I use with my Fender Strat, and it sounds amazing. I highly recommend this amp. overallrating 5   lineend
name TerranautX review  This amp sounds great, looks great, works great and is a breath of fresh air from &#34;modelling&#34; amps or ones with many effects that require regular use of a manual to cycle through. This Behringer has a dial offering four effects styles with five &#34;flavor&#34; settings in each. They are all on one dial and there is no pushing, pullling or holding for seconds for lights to tell you you've switched gears. Here you just turn the dial one little click at a time to find a sound out of the twenty. There is a simple level knob for the intensity of the effect and the great thing is that a foot switch is included where you just stomp on a button to invoke your effects or return to clean acoustic guitar. The foot switch has a second button for the other channel which can accommodate another guitar, microphone for singing, drum machine. The EQ sliders are quality and give you a nice reference from a distance whereas if the were knobs you'd have to be right up on them to see how they are set. I've had no problem with the front cover as a few others have mentioned--it's velcroed on there just fine. The cabinet is covered in a nice brown leather-like material. Plenty loud. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Baker review I have difficulty hearing the cheaper units on the market.  This metronome has 2 distinct audible sounds and a flashing light which makes it much easier for me to see and hear the beats.  Works very well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Christopher Graham review Very nice metronome with just enough features. In particular I love the name based tempos displayed on the face, many metronomes do not have that feature.  Sits on a standard music stand fine without falling off. overallrating 5   lineend
name jesw review My aunt the music teacher recommended this metronome and we really like it. It's been in heavy use (1+ hours per day) ever since we got it many months ago and I don't think we've even had to replace the batteries yet. It's got a good loud sound and is easy for my kids to adjust. We tried out some free metronome apps but the volume wasn't loud enough and my kids (though very adept at touch screens) found them tricky to adjust. This one is great. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Walker review The tuners I have for my guitar/banjo have modes for use as a metronome.  The problem is to use them as a metronome you have to push a small multifunction button to switch to metronome function, then press smaller buttons to set the speed of the metronome.  I find them annoying.This metronome can be set with one hand by simply turning it on and twisting a dial.  The speed is easy to read and setting the loudness of the metronome clicks is easily changed.  And there are two clicks to choose from.  The metronome has a flashing light too.Overall a very useable metronome.5 stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Minh Pham review When I sit down to practice my guitar, I just want something very simple to keep time. It was a pain previously to have to mess with menus and such on a computer to bring up a metronome app from tablet, phone or computer. With this, I'll just have to flip a switch and dial the tempo that I want. Simple and loud enough for me to practice my guitar routines. I do recommend this one. overallrating 4   lineend
name Pegleg review The only complaint I have about this is that there's no clip on the back to hang it from so as to keep from knocking it over. This probably doesn't matter to all of y'all though. Other than that, it's a very nice machine with a flashing light and two &#34;click&#34; options. Easy to use and quality built.  ~Pegleg~ overallrating 4   lineend
name SVT4001 review Volume control is nice. Two clicks to choose from- the low click is better than the high one to my ear. I would recommend this product. overallrating 4   lineend
name Brandon K. Rush review I bought the Mini Tone Master as a practice amp for my Dean EVO electric guitar, and love it -- but there are a few things you should know before a possible purchase:1. When they say \"mini,\" they mean it. It's a tiny little thing about the size of a hardcover book (or smaller), and about as thick (2\" thick or so).2. It also runs off a 9V battery, though if you have a DC9V adapter, there's a plug for it. it also has a 1/4 jack for standard headphones or earbuds as well.3. It's LOUD. Even when at low volume its tones will fill a room. This is a major plus for such a tiny, inexpensive amp.Controls on the amp are great; it has a gain/distortion knob that is almost as good as having an overdrive or gain effects pedal hooked up to a full-size amp. It's strong enough to where if you're playing small gigs such as coffeehouses or hole-in-the wall small bars, you won't need to lug along your 10W (or larger) amp with you, though that may depend on the tone your guitar puts out to begin with. Still, this is an awesome deal; I paid about $30 here on Amazon for it, so if you need a practice amp but don't want to spend a ton of cash, snatch up one of these little bad boys. You won't be sorry. overallrating 5   lineend
name GJack review I expected this to come with a DC adapter. Nowhere is it mentioned there wouldn't be any or I could have ordered one. The product is good, surprisingly loud. The bass is too much for the body and the battery cover sort of rattles (once the battery popped out by itself when I played a low E) but that's no issue. I have only used it with a 9V battery so far and noticed a continuous noise on a high gain. I hope that doesn't happen with an adapter. It's a nice little amp, good for carrying around. If you have long fingers, you can sort of hold it between your outstretched thumb and middle finger along it's height - it's that small! A guitar strap, a backpack and a 5ft cable and you could easily walk around the house playing it. The distortion it gives is good. Not good for palm muting. This is nice for practising Randy Rhoads, The Doors -type of rock where not many effects are used.Also remember the DC adapter has a polarity outer ring + and inner -. Many adapters come with the reverse of this polarity so make sure you check that before plugging in one. It's easy to change the polarity, open the box of the adapter and exchange (needs soldering, obv) the red and the black wire places! overallrating 4   lineend
name Jim 1954 review I like the sound of this amp. As has been said in other reviews if you want clean sound it isn't the loudest in the world, but is loud enough for practice. If you want a little distortion, turn the gain up and you can have plenty of volume. I'm using it with a cheapo guitar from the sixties, (a Decca), and I believe it produces the best sound I have ever gotten out of it. overallrating 5   lineend
name kay bhee review soi f you want to turn Distor t off,u cannot.dig?it s always on...alwaysif you like hard rock that wayu need this tiny gig thingie overallrating 2   lineend
name Paula Gallagher review Sounds ok on its own, not very loud or good quality at any high volume, but then when you plug in some good headphones, AWESOME! Great gain, tone, high volume, sounds awesome, perfect to use as a headphone amplifier with some play and effect. Great sound, awesome deal. Score! :D overallrating 5   lineend
name Pushpin review I have a small apartment in a small but densely populated apartment complex - space and noise is an issue. As a beginning guitarist, I contemplated a small amp but decided on the Mini Tone Master (because in my apartment, the smaller the better). Also, I had no need for ample volume or a variety of controls being at the level that I am... I just wanted something no-frills that was small, compact with enough quality sound to help me as I practice. The Mini Tone Master delivers well.I was pretty surprised at the range of sounds the little guy can produce (from distortion grungy to a softer bluesy tone). It does not come with a power adapter but we already have on in the apartments and works well with that or with a battery. Battery life is also pretty good. I've had the same battery in there for several months already, playing several times a week and sometimes leaving it on accidentally for a day or two and no signs of battery drain so far.It is a little frustrating sometimes, as another reviewer mentioned, to remove the distortion but with enough fiddling, I found a setting that was acceptable to my ears.While I didn't need volume, this little guy can be loud! No weakness there.I also plugged an acoustic-electric classical guitar into the mini tone master and it also worked surprisingly well. overallrating 5   lineend
name RobertB review Overall dimensions 6 3/4\" x 6 1/2\" x 2 1/4\". Very nice travel size. Sound is about what you would expect. It is basically a toy. If you use more than 2 (of 10 max) gain, it sounds awful. I turn guitar volume to max and adjust volume on the amp to desired level. Tone works nicely to filter the output over all frequencies. I am using it with a Fender Starcaster when I travel for work (hotel friendly). I think it's over priced but I think it looks good and it seems durable. overallrating 3   lineend
name StormJH1 review In the reviews for this item, there seems to be a lot of debate over what the Fender Mini Tone Master is and how we should evaluate it.  Is it a toy, or is it meant to be a serious bedroom amplifier?  Do we review it compared only to other review  , and it seems to be working fine.  (Phew!)  It should also be noted that this amp is powered either by a 9V battery or a 9V DC adapter (a BOSS pedal supply adapter will work, for example).  While the battery option is obviously nice for portability, the red \"ON\" light seemed noticeably dimmer with 9V's, and I can't say how long the battery will last.  If you plan to have it in one place most of the time, the adapter is the preferred way to go.SOUND - The concept of this amp is pretty ridiculous if you think about it - a one watt output with TWIN 2\" speakers.  Given that each speaker is smaller than the \"tweeter\" on a large stereo speaker, you won't be surprised at all to hear that there's virtually no bass in the sound.  It sounds like a poor 10W solid state amp, only shrunk down to a few inches.  At the same time, that's kind of a remarkable feat for a miniature amplifier, and it puts out a fair amount of sound.  I opted for the Mini Tone Master over some other options because it actually has a fair range of tones.  Low Gain/High Volume produces pretty good clean tones, and with humbuckers and the gain turned up, it can get a bit raunchy.  Unfortunately, the tone control either does nothing, or behaves completely irrationally.  I haven't figured out which yet.  I had it at \"5\" most of the time, but it didn't seem to cut much treble as I turned it up.  Actually, it got the brightest around \"7\ and then almost became more muffled beyond that.  But again, for a $40 mini amp, my expectations were not that much to begin with.  I do like the four knobs, and the decision to make the power knob the same size as the other knobs was a subtle touch that prevents the cheaper feel of an on-off flat toy switch.I expected the speaker to overdrive/break up if you pushed it too hard, and not in a \"tube-like\" manner.  That wasn't necessarily the case, but there are other problems.  Something internally rattles after the volume goes above \"4\ and it's not the speaker being overpowered.  This is a common issue with cheap amps, and I might even pop it open to see what is rattling around.  And the sound quality isn't objectively \"good\" by any means, but it is good enough to play amplified electric guitar and to hear the basic characteristics of your instrument and playing style.ALTERNATIVES - The primary reason I rated this 4  instead of 5  really isn't any of the issues above (I am happy with the amp), but it's limited usefulness compared to the many alternatives for home/quiet practicing.  My favorite of these, by far, are the Vox Amplugs, which are headphone jacks stylized after different famous amplifiers.  The sound quality those things pump into your headphones is of far greater quality (and volume/fullness) than anything this mini amp could do.  Also, they are offered at $40 or $50, so it's simply a better value.  Another alternative is to plug into a smartphone and practice with software.  While sound quality and volume are often a problem with smartphone apps, the possibilities for effects, modeling, and recording are endless.If you think about recent improvements in small size Bluetooth speakers, you realize that the sound quality on a device of this size could be far better than what the Mini Tone Master offers.  At the same time, those speakers can cost up to $200, and premium sound quality was never the point of this amp.  Your opinion of it will depend on your expectations, but if you don't take it too seriously, it's a cool little device.  And, in my book, anything that allows you to practice more guitar than you would otherwise is nothing to laugh at. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bob. Oh, Bob. review So, these ended up being the wrong taper for my guitar, but that was my own fault due to some incorrect advice.  Nonetheless, I put a couple in just to compare them to my old, plastic pins.  What a difference!  Unquestionably, the sound board was far more sensitive.  Sustain was much better and I got a richer tone, as opposed to the brighter tone some users reported.  I should say, however, what I got was definitely the true, ebony wood pins with the inlay.  I can't speak to concerns about plastic being used for the other pin colors.  While these won't work due to size, I'll definitely be making the switch from plastic to ebony when I find the right size. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jake review Make sure you read the description of the color you are choosing. Most of them are plastic.I bought the ebony with pearly inlay. They look great, it is, indeed, real ebony with a pearl inlay.The pins are sort of an odd size (not sure if there is a generic pin size...), so they might work, and they might not. They fit one of mine perfectly, and another, not very well. I would assume they fit all Martin guitars well, because my experience with Martin is that their instruments are pretty similarly made in way of parts and quality.Overall, great bridge pins for the price, and they sounds much better than plastic ones! overallrating 4   lineend
name Larry review I purchased this product to replace the pins on my Martin 0-16NY. I believe the ebony pins will be perfom admirably.  Additionally, the pearl inlay lends class to the guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ranger Tim review Really a nice upgrade...especially for the price.  They did stick up higher than the plastic pins, but I had read that they would.  At least I know that they fit snug.  Really look good! overallrating 5   lineend
name RB review Thanks for the prompt and good service. These are a quality product and really enhance my Guitar and I am very happy with them Thanks !!! overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Castillo review When you get it, it looks so simple, so basic that you can't believe that it doesn't come with the mic, but companies got to make their money right? I use it with my Samson CL8 condenser and it is perfect. Works great for podcasting, vocals or anything else you want to record. The adjustment knob is a little tight but whatever, it does its job well. overallrating 5   lineend
name An Engineer review I took a chance with this one since I am desperate to find a mount for my MXL 4000 microphone. I originally bought a \"universal\" mic stand from guitar center which cost 50bux by the way. That didnt come close to working. But this one worked perfectly! Thanks you Samson! overallrating 5   lineend
name Arik Burke review This is a very nice looking and solid piece of equipment. with a single modification, I was able to fit an array of other condenser microphones in this shockmount. I have never owned a samson microphone but judging by the quality of this product, I would definately consider buying one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Audio Maven review This Sam SP01 can be easily modded for use with the Oktava MK319. I found instructions through a google search. The metal piece on the bottom of the mic holder must be removed. Instead of hammering it out, I used two screwdrivers to pry it out. That leaves a nice hole which is just a little too small to use. Using my dremel tool, I was able to enlarge the hole just a bit. As a guide the piece you remove fits in a small groove. You must file down the sides til the groove is almost not visible. Then your Oktava will fit just fine. This mod is not easily reversible so keep that in mind before starting. I'll post up a picture later.I found the screw-on connector to not be that high quality. It wanted to cross thread as I putting it on my mic stand. So I wouldn't want to be taking it off and putting it back on frequently. That's my only complaint about it. overallrating 4   lineend
name B review I ran a few recording tests on my microphone with and without the shock mount. It seems that ambient noise is generally reduced with the shock mount on. It's especially effective when the microphone is on my desk, where my computer tower (which has 7 fans) is directly under it. It's not perfect, but the level of noise reduction really is amazing. On top of all that, it looks nice too. If you are planning to buy a condenser mic for your desk, you should definitely consider getting this, along with a solid stand and a pop filter. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bryan Harvey review Fits MXL Cube mics perfectly! Sturdy and easyt to setup. Ordered two more.Rare to get items these days that exceed expectation overallrating 5   lineend
name Casby review  While the product came as described, the build quality felt a little lacking. On the website it mentioned that it accepts the Shure KSM32 threading but it does not, so if you're threading matches the KSM32, look elsewhere. overallrating 2   lineend
name C.E. review  er on here who gives a very good tip on getting rid of that rattle when using this mount with the AT2020. Only other thing is that the colors don't really match up well but I don't really care, its a good shock mount.Ask yourself before you buy though, do I really need one? I don't really use mine since I have carpet on the floors that doesn't like the mic stand shake too much. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dave review  I picked this up for a friend who has the AudioTechnica AT2020 USB and Yes this does work with that mic too.  It's solid, helps with mounting, and will be well used. overallrating 5   lineend
name David G review No problems with this. Fits my Behringer 60 dollar condenser mike just fine.  Like it was made from the same company but it's not.  They must have standard fittings on mikes. overallrating 5   lineend
name David review Works with a lot of mics, and, with a little modding, it worked with my MXL V67G; which is all I needed it for. overallrating 4   lineend
name Eric review Does what it says it will do and it does it very well. The connector is a 3/8in female slot so make sure whatever it is you're buying can connect to that. The mic/boom stand I bought and the on desk stand were both 5/8in male so I had to buy 2 cheap adapters (6$ each). I also am having some issues really \"locking\" in the Audio-Technica condenser mic to the shock mount. So far it stays in, but isn't \"super\" secure (wobbles just a little if it's moved), but maybe I'm just doing it wrong. Aside from that, though, great product. overallrating 4   lineend
name John D review Excellent Quality and Craftsmanship.I was expecting less of this product for its price and the job it will do, I figured it would be made out of a \"cheap\" feeling metal. I was wrong. It is very stable and steady and feels like good steel or aluminum maybe. It is strong to. It feels like I could really bang it (I won't) and it would not break.I use this with an Audio Technica AT2020 which screws in perfectly snug but is still rotatable on the base. The mount holds it firm and keeps the mic still. It does eliminate a little vibration but if you pound on your desk (or whatever)that will still come through. It looks cool too (and everybody knows that matters). I am very pleased with this purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name Josh Adams review  I don't think I can say enough good things about the Samson SP01 Shockmount.  Long story short I was trying to get a podcast going from scratch about three months ago.  I did some research and discovered that a shockmount is necessary to keep any noise from anything securing the mic from being picked up by the mic while recording.  A shockmount is an absolute must, especially when looking at using a tabletop mic stand where the table will also be used as a work surface.The build quality is fantastic.  I just recently purchased my THIRD shockmount for an additional mic to be used on the podcast.What I've grown to appreciate so much is that it seems to fit just about any condenser microphone I can get my hands on.  If you are considering buying this for your own condenser mic, make absolutely sure that your mic has threads on the bottom to be screwed into some type of stand or shockmount.  Nearly all do, but some companies like Blue (Snowball, snowflake, etc.) are designed not to be used in conjunction with shock mounts. I have used the MXL 007.USB with this shockmount as well as the AT2020 USB and XLR version.  The MXL fit like a glove, perfect.  The AT2020, once threaded in, seemed just a bit loose, so I added a couple foam bumpers around the base to act as a washer.  It made a tight fit and further insulated it from any sound interference from any movement.In short, I haven't found a better shockmount for condenser mics.  The attachment screws onto any desktop tripod and traditional mic stand.  Fantastic.  Buy two of these!!  :)  Thanks Samson, now just make better mics! overallrating 5   lineend
name karaoke review  I have this paired with the Behringer C-1 Studio Condenser Microphone.  It matches the mic well color-wise and fit. The C-1 fits the mount perfectly. I recommend this mount highly. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert Biehn review This is a good, durable mount. I like the look of it, as well as the light-weight feel. Not much else to be said. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ryan S. review I recently bought an Audio Technica 2020 and was looking for a shockmount for it, I bought the one that Audio Technica makes and I was not satisfied with the quality, so I returned it and came across the Samson SP01. My first thought was that it looked just like the shockmount I have for my Neumann TLM 103. I immediately purchased it after seeing that people were using it with the AT 2020. As soon as it arrived I put my AT 2020 in it and it looked stunning, after I mounted it on my on-desk mic stand I bumped the table a few times to see how it worked. In short it works great, The SP01 isolates the mic extremely well. I also tested the shockmount with my Studio Projects C1 and Rode k2 (both very heavy mics) and it works great. One word of advice it seems that some people are having problems hooking this shockmount to their mic stand ( which I find extremely amusing). Like most shockmounts the Samson SP01 has an adapter that is too small for most US mic stands already in the mount ( the part where the shockmount connects to the mic stand). THIS IS EASY TO REMOVE!! All you have to do is take a coin and unscrew it!! Once you unscrew the adapter the shockmount will connect to your stand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Shastafication review This is the best shockmount in my opinion (This is the first shock mount I have tried.). I bought it with a desktop mic stand, and used it on my Audio Technica AT2020 and it worked very nicely. It does the perfect job for podcasting, as well as gameplay videos. I would recommend this to anyone. overallrating 5   lineend
name skeletonbears review Not a lot to say, works great as a shockmount!I think the best part might be that it also works with Behringer C-1s. Those are great mics for what they cost, but the clips they come with break easily and replacements are hard to find. That makes this shockmount a great option for people in that boat as well. Hooray! overallrating 5   lineend
name T review This didn't exactly fit my MXL V67G condenser mic, so I took out the bottom piece - which took a little work - then I was able to get the bottom screw plug of my mic to fit.  It's solid and works well. overallrating 5   lineend
name TriggerHappy review Does its job. Good solid construction. Support cords seem to be of good quality. Knob tightens well. Comes with thread adapter. Smooth silver satin finish. Affordable price. 'Nuff said. Just buy one already! overallrating 5   lineend
name T. Winkler review  This is a quality product.Super fast SHIIPING  through Amazon as always.The product is well built easy  to use pretty straightforward.It's perfect for my Samson mic. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I use this ALL the time.  It's pretty basic but really good for a beginner.  (Not all chords are in here but the &#34;core&#34; chords are).  Worth the price- overallrating 5   lineend
name Austin Garcia review  This Guitar Tuner is such a great and useful tool. It teaches chords and got me to play my guitar better in less than one day.Thanks, Austin Garcia overallrating 5   lineend
name Charlo review I picked one of these up when they were being blown out cheaply at a big box store.  Who doesn't need another pocket tuner to throw in the guitar bag, right?  The price was less than ten bucks, but unfortunately it doesn't work very well.  The microphone inside the unit is simply not very accurate.  It gets you in the ballpark, but just barely.  Strike a note once, and it's sharp.  Play the same note with the same force again and it says you are in tune.  I think the Korg tuner is in roughly the same price range and it performs the job much better. overallrating 2   lineend
name David Y. review Very versatile tuner. It automatically tunes to the string so you just pick and tune away! It also shows you chords in case you have forgotten them. There are other things you can do on this tuner and for the price it is a great buy! overallrating 5   lineend
name Jared Jennings review loved this thing, I have since lost it, as happens with little doo-hickeys like this, lol. worked good. pretty precise, meaning you will fight with it to where it is happy. sometimes it felt a little off, but robots know best, right? overallrating 5   lineend
name J review  I am suing this item on a regular basis to tune my guitar, and it seems to work fine, no complains overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard review  Had a guitar for years,, always tune it but never time to practice, it tells you what note is actually being played when your string is out of tune so you can zero in on the correct one better.. overallrating 5   lineend
name TomVestal review Very compact size and easy to use.Good feature for the price.Shipping is fast.very happy for this product.Best recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tony Wall review It works great, not much I can say beyond that. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I've been swapping back and forth between Evans and Remo for a while, but after really liking the emad kick head I decided to lean more toward Evans just for consistency in my setup.I consulted with an online forum to find which would be the closest 'compatible' drumhead to what I really liked from Remo on the Evans line, and I was led to the G2 series. (from Remo's Emperor series-- both being 2 plies of 7mm free floating film)Honestly, I think I'm going to stick with Evans from now on though!I ordered my pack shortly after the announcement of the 'level 360' sizing, and I wanted to give them a try. My fears of getting some old stock were unfounded and the set that I got was new enough to be L360 sized.I got them on, and the tuning seemed to be pretty easy. I use a drum dial to ballpark me and start my tuning process, but it went smoothly. Not sure if it was the placebo effect, but I seemed to be able to get a little more low range on my floor tom as well-- deeper but just as resonant as an 808 kick.The coating seems to hold up better on the Evans heads as well-- Remo tends to 'flatten out' within a few hours of play, where the Evans not only lasts longer, but has a more finished feel to them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bloose review Recently I was looking for some heads to put on a set of Starion shells that I modified. My original plan was to use a set of Attack heads on both the resonant and the batter side of these shells. That decision was based mostly on price. Not completely though as I have used the Attack heads for resonant heads with very good results. The Attack heads that I bought though are single ply. To me that make them great candidates for resonant heads but I think a two ply head is better for a batter head. I gave the Attacks a shot on both sides but I wasn't completely happy with the sound and felt a two ply head would just be the better way to go.In the past I have used Remo heads for batter heads almost exclusively. I still very much like the Remo Pinstripe heads but decided to give these Evans heads a try just to try something different. I am very happy I did! These Starion shells now have a very nice sound with lots of resonance. The most noticeable difference between these G2's and the Attacks is that the tuning range seems to be much wider. The Attacks had a very narrow tonal range where they resonated. The G2's seem to resonate everywhere! From very loose to moderately tight they have very nice sound and resonance. I have some Moon Gel damping pads installed to cut down on some of the resonance but doing it this way instead of choking the drum offers a much better sound. By adding, removing, or moving the Moon Gel pads around I can control exactly how much resonance the drums have without having to change the heads tune.I should mention that I am still using the single ply Attacks for the resonant side. With the G2's on top and the Attacks on the bottom these shells sound great! Also, on the bass drum I have Attack no ring heads on both sides. I also have a pillow in there for damping and this bass drum sounds just amazing! So, the Attacks have their place but on the batter side I am very impressed with the sound, tuning range, and ease of tuning of these G2's. If you've never tried them, give them a shot, if you have you likely already know what I'm talking about! overallrating 5   lineend
name Hyun review I have been using them for about 6 months. I play about twice a week and they have maintained a good sound over the past 6 months. Not too difficult to tune either. overallrating 4   lineend
name isaiah review These are good heads. I have played them on several drum sets and have been pleased with their sound, look and feel. This is a super solid price too. overallrating 4   lineend
name Josiah Springman review I bought these to try them out. I have used remo a little then I used to have some Aquarian heads and wanted to try Evans to see how they are. Amazing. I practically beat the crap out of them and the held up. My next acoustic drumset will have Evans on them. overallrating 5   lineend
name A Customer review I initially thought that these would be very wimpy sounding. I was wrong. They have a great tone with my metal distortion pedal. I have a Schecter Hellraiser with EMG X Series pickups and they go great with them. They are easier to bend too which is great. I no longer use heavier strings like I use too. These will be my mainstay. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charlo review I don't put these on every guitar but on the right guitar they are perfect.  What's the right guitar?  Longer scales- like a strat.  I would not put these on a shorter scale (22\") because it would get too flubby.  If you hit the power chords hard you may also want to stear clear-  these require a bit more subtlety in your attack or you will vibrate in and out of tune on the low E when you are pulling off windmills like Townshend.  They do allow super  easy string bends for when I feel lazy or for when my fingers are torn up from playing.  YMMV. overallrating 5   lineend
name John Barry review I don't know why more people don't use these: they're amazing. I've used many strings and owned many guitars. These aren't diamonds or gretsch but they're fantastic. I love them on my strats. The last and make playing a breeze. I don't have any tone loss between these and .10's. If I do it's more than made up by the fact that I can play better with lighter strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name John S. review Strings rust very easily, yield fairly poor tone and break often, though they have the same bending ability as  9-.42. overallrating 2   lineend
name Megs review These strings are beyond amazing. Switching to Ernie Ball strings should be a matter of course when purchasing a new electric guitar, and if you do any blues playing at all, Extra Slinkies are for you. They bend and bend and bend, are easy on the fingers during lengthy solos, and give a great sound whether you're playing gritty or bright. I also play country and punk, and these strings let me get enough twang and beef, respectively, to play those styles as well. The best $5 you will ever spend on a guitar improvement is to put Ernie Ball strings on your guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pantanga34 review I've been playing guitar for years and lately I've been wanting some slinkier strings so I can get a little more bend out of them. I thought I'd try these out and I loved them. After playing with these for a week I loved the way that they played and I loved the way they sound. So I ordered 6 more packs of these. The extra slinky strings are fantastic and you definitely won't find a better set of strings for the money. overallrating 5   lineend
name StudioDude review Weak sounding, and break very easily. I would not recommend these to anyone other than those who literally have no callus developed. overallrating 3   lineend
name Tony Wall review Great strings, I use Ernie Ball strings on all 7 of my guitars, both acoustic and electric and never had a complaint. I have experimented with others but always come back to them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Video Services Of Va review I just cant get enough sustain out of the high E.for my taste. Tried them on Epi LP and a PRS. I'm no Eric Clapton, and I dont use 4 amp heads nor do I employ 3 guys to work on my guitars, but thats my impression. Just not enough umph... overallrating 3   lineend
name Wes Caldwell review  These are my favorite guitars strings, they last a long time, bend well, hold great sound, and you won't have to tune your guitar every five minutes like some strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name Anon review For the price, I got a little more than expected. The sound is pretty great. The scoop switch gives you a slightly different sound. Other than that your can change amount of distortion. Its cheap, and maybe it doesn't have alot of fancy versatility with the settings and whatnot. But for the price this is one hell of a deal! Quality item.Only complaints are; its so little sometimes just accidentally moving the cable will flip it around or something. But thats expected, and not that big of a deal if you're careful. Now the one issue I really have with this pedal, its cosmetic so its not worth 4-starring this review; but it did get to me. The knobs. They are not the cool chrome ones in these pictures. They are black plastic ones. They look sorta bland and not as cool, but ive noticed no functionality problems with them yet. Still a great product though. overallrating 5   lineend
name AT review To be honest I'm not metal guitarist but I do love metal music and as far as playing goes I love bluesy solos with lots of distortion. I decided to get this pedal because it was electro harmonix, one of the best names in the business. And for the fact it was cheaper than most. I'm VERY pleased with the pedal and couldn't be happier. overallrating 5   lineend
name mando2112 review I own all 3 versions of this pedal and cherish each one of them. This one is my favorite, turn on and go. I think it's better than the Sovereign. overallrating 5   lineend
name Slashaholic Anonymous review Since, as of right now, this is the only review of this product on amazon.com, I'll try to answer any questions you might have about the EHX Pocket Metal Muff Pedal. This pedal is the model of simplicity; a volume control, a distortion control, and a switch that changes the amount (or lack thereof) of mid-scoop. That's doesn't leave much room for tone tweaking, so \"tweakers\" beware! That being said, Electro-Harmonix did a commendable job of pre-setting useable treble and bass tone levels that should only require minor tweaking of your amp's eq to get it right where you want it. Playing through my Fender hotrod deville amp, I was immediately shocked at how good this pedal sounded. The bass was powerful and chunky, great for heavy metal palm-muting riffs; the treble had a good bite but it wasn't harsh; and all three midrange modes sounded great, depending on the application: Want just a flat midrange for a punchy tone? Just leave the mid-switch on the flat setting. Want a slightly scooped midrange tone for a good all-round metal tone? Move the switch down to the low mid-scoop mode. Do you want to play Master of Puppets by Metallica? The high mid-scoop mode is calling your name. This pedal offers quite a bit of distortion, but I was amazed to find that even at the higher distortion levels, my tone remained clear and defined. It didn't turn into a plastic-y, fuzzy mess like most distortion pedals  cough  metal zone  cough  will. I will mention that this pedal isn't the best if you're looking for a more modern metal tone. You won't get a slightly fizzy, ultra-gain (think Slipknot) sound out of this pedal. Rather it offers a very crunchy, defined roar more characteristic of the pre-dual rectifier mesa boogie amplifiers.In conclusion, I give this pedal 5 stars because it does what its designed to do very well; this version of the metal muff line isn't designed to be highly versatile and \"tweakable\" in and of itself; get the metal muff with top boost pedal if you want a 3-band eq and a boost function. This pedal is designed to be a very simple, small box of pure classic metal tone, and that's exactly what it accomplishes. overallrating 5   lineend
name Victor review Within just three seconds of using the Electro-Harmonix Pocket Metal Muff Pedal, I knew it was a winner. It delivers thermonuclear distortion and is ultra-easy to use. Although it doesn't have a tone dial, it doesn't need one. And I say that after trying it through a small tube amp (15w), a small digital amp (40w), a guitar with humbuckers, and a guitar with single-coil pickups. The closest it has to a tone dial is the scoop switch just above the on/off switch. As its name suggests, this allows one to choose how much the mid tones will be \"scooped.\" It has three settings (no scoop to maximal scoop), and all sound great. Fans of sustain will love this box, for it delivers seemingly everlasting sustain. The pedal is extremely small, which most would regard as a plus. I bought this after watching a professional-looking YouTube demonstration of it. It more than lived up to my expectations. If I lost this box, I'd immediately order another one. I have zero regrets. overallrating 5   lineend
name Aaron Madden review For the dollar its the best and biggest bang for the buck. My daughters love this amp and works perfect. Product is as described. overallrating 5   lineend
name applegd07 review this is an amazing acoustic amp for my classical guitar. i use this to play in the Church and a friend of mine approached me and said that the sound is really crisp and bold. i was happy. overallrating 5   lineend
name busdriver123 review I brought for someone else. But they said they love it. So I am a happy camper I did it right. overallrating 5   lineend
name David M. Gammon review  I am both a bass player and a fidelity freak, always fussing over tone settings. This tiny amp packs BIG sound for everything from a harmonica to a keyboard .... and even my bass. The CD input has NO controls but is a very useful feature just the same. Having Behringer mics and a UB802 mixer, I banked on this being a good amp and was NOT disappointed. The 3-band tone controls do an excellent job of shaping sound to fit any instrument. No 15-watt amp will compete with live drums OR outdoor settings.... and do NOT expect 2 instruments to sound perfect together, but for indoor practicing and intimate small crowds, this amp will impress you. Every musician should have one of these around. Money well spent! overallrating 5   lineend
name David W review  This is a nice small amp.  It delivers nice, pure sound at more than loud enough levels for me.  One thing I like about this amp is that it is very simple, not a bunch of complicated settings to worry about.  Another thing, I think it's the nicest looking amp I have and I have about 10 amps now.  It's about the same size as my little Fender Frontman 15 and sits side-by-side with it in my living room.  I use the Fender for electric and the Behringer for the acoustic for practicing.If you're looking for a no frills amp that doesn't cost a lot or take up much room, this is a good one for you.Makes a great little practice amp.  I am totally happy with this one and see no need to add an additional acoustic amp.Mine looks a lot different than the photo, it's more brown and actually looks better. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Reinstein review  Hearing ourselves the way we sound to others is of the essence in music. This small, acoustic Behringer Ultracoustic AT108 amplifier gives the musician/singer the needed outside feedback to get things sounding right.No one hears themselves the way they sound to others. This simple reality must be understood and somehow corrected for by anyone recording music. This is why performers in the studio wear headphones while recording and why a small acoustic amplifier is a necessary piece of gear for an acoustic guitar playing, singing song writer. The Behringer Ultracoustic AT108 acoustic amplifier more than does the job.As the owner of eight completely acoustic guitars, I thought a lot for years about trying amplification. I probably never hesitated with ambivalence about any other purchase in my life. Much to my delight, together with a passive, inexpensive hole-mounted pick-up (the Seymour Duncan SA3SC Woody) , an inexpensive Audio- Technica vocal microphone and this Behringer AT108, I can hear a fullness and richness that actually makes good instruments sound even better!At least as importantly, it allows me to hear myself more the way I am heard by others who will not hear me, as I do in part, from the resonations inside my skull.One of the most universal and predictably shocking experiences anyone who records their own voice is struck by is how different it sounds when recorded than it does when they are singing or speaking it. The mechanics of this ubiquitous situation are not difficult to fathom.To hear what those listening hear, you have to arrange things so as to hear the sound coming TO you, not FROM you. That is where an amplifier comes in handy. It aims your own sound back at you so you can hear something a lot closer to what an audience would hear.When we 'hear' ourselves without any external amplification or direct audio feedback, we are 'hearing' a combination of the sounds being processed through our ears as well as those vibrations and sounds that are created by the vibrations in our heads. The people who hear us, only hear us through their ears. The two experiences are not the same.To discover how we really sound to others, we can go about it two ways. First, we can go ahead and record ourselves then listen and be astounded at how different we sound from how we thought we were sounding while recording, or we can put our practice through electronics - either through an external amplifier or through headphones, so that we can hear ourselves more closely to the way we will be heard by others.As an acoustic guitar player, I recently invested in a small, specifically acoustic amplifier, the Behringer Ultracoustic AT108, and have found the results to be simply astounding as I can now, for the first time, practice my songs until they sound the way I would like them to sound to others before recording them.For a small amplifier that successfully replicates, electronically, the deep richness of an old tube acoustic amplifier, this Behringer AT108 provides amply volume for both the instrument and separate input voice, along with a three section equalizer, to provide the self-accompanying guitarist with the sound of what s/he really sound like to others. It can, initially, be a rather shocking experience!Technically, this AT108 is at the low end of the famous Behringer line. Although the company is based in Germany, this box is built in China to their specifications. Solidly built and encased in a brown vinyl wrapping, it sports:- 15 Watts of Power amp output,- An 8\" dual-cone full-range loudspeaker with 4 Ohm impedance and a powerrating of 20 Watts,- Inputs for an instrument (1/4\" TS mono connector,) a microphone ( BalancedXLR) and for CDs (1/4\" TRS stereo connector,)- A headphone output connector ( 1/4\" TRS stereo connector, and- Three (Low, Mid and High Range) frequency controllers.The unit measures approximately 13 X 14 X 7 inches, weighs just over 11 pounds and is easily portable. It comes delivered with 13 feet of instrument ready plug-in cabling.Finally, to answer a question I had that caused me to hesitate for years before buying a small acoustic amp, it does NOT make an acoustic guitar sound, in any way, like an electric guitar. The sound is that of a deepened and amplified acoustic. The natural tones are enhanced, not rendered tinny or 'electrified.'It is at home in a room when you are alone practicing or on a stage in a small venue. The 15 amps pack a wallop and it can blast pretty loudly for its petite and easily portable configuration.At a current on line retail of somewhere between $75 - $95, an entire enhanced world of acoustic playing, practicing and listening is now open to me. The Behringer AT108 just might turn out to be one of the smartest investments I have ever made on behalf of my acoustic guitar playing, singing and recording. overallrating 5   lineend
name jespi59jr review I'm now have my music together, great for small space &#34;does it works&#34; limit to one mic, but enogh for me. overallrating 5   lineend
name John Ferrell review It's a nice little amp for practice, it lacks volume and low end for performance.  I have used it for several months with no problems. overallrating 3   lineend
name Jon Norris review I have played, listened to, and used audio amps for over 4 decades, and while I haven't owned every name brand amp on the planet, I do know my way around them well enough to spot a good deal when I see one. This is a nice little practice amp for electrified acoustic guitar, with an input for a mic (XLR - no phantom power) and a CD player or other audio source. It also has a headphone output (1/4 inch). It has three tone controls and separate volume for the guitar and mic inputs.I got this originally for my mother, who used to sing in an Andrews Sisters-type group back in the day. She still loves to sing, and wanted a small amp and mic to practice and do the occasional small jam. She hasn't had the opportunity to do that yet, but I have tested the amp and put it through its paces. I think it will work fine for the kind of thing she has in mind. The lack of reverb or processing for the mic is a bit of a drawback, but considering what I paid for it, I can't complain.Now, this is not a gigging amp, at least not in my opinion (your mileage may vary). It is small, solid state, with an 8 inch speaker, and 15 watts of power (I haven't measured the exact output, so I'm taking Behringer's word on that). I like Behringer, and they can turn out some pretty good gear, within its limits.I like the sound of the amp with my Carvin acoustic guitar with a Fishman preamp. It is an inexpensive practice amp, so I don't expect the same kind of quality I would from a more serious combo amp. The 8 inch speaker is obviously not going to give the kind of sound quality as a good 12 inch, no matter what. The question is, does this amp provide the sonic quality and flexibility needed to allow serious practice work, composition, or just moderate entertainment value? For me, that answer is a clear \"yes.\"However, this is an inexpensive practice amp, and if you approach it with that attitude, I think you will find it a nice little amp. Don't plan on using it for your next tour with Manhattan Transfer, Seal, or Celine Dion. overallrating 4   lineend
name karaoke review  s I thought why not. It is actually a good little practice amp. I'm still fiddling with the knobs and changing the sound to suit my mood. It gives me the portability I needed to move about my house. I was using a mixer that's hooked to one of my PCs and using that sound card for sound. That works great, but sometimes I don't want to be tied down to the PC. I use the PC arrangement for recording and the amp for private relaxing guitar playing wherever I want to have it. I recommend this little amp wholeheartedly. Just be mindful that it isn't a $500 Marshall amp, but it does well in a pinch. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Nguyen review  I just can't believe how loud this little baby is. I also have a 180watts Behringer keyboard amp (4 inputs, with lot of FX) but it's a littl heavy to move around.This little amp does everything I need for small gathering. I tried everything as soon as I received it:1) guitar (classic), mandolin, acoustic guitar all sound the way they normally sound in this ampActually, the classical guitar sounds much better and this encourage me to play more thru this amp.2) the microphone, although no reverb or echo, is good enough for singing, sounds as the true voice of the singer3) the MP3 input is 1/4\ which I prefer over the little 1/8\ volume must be controlled by the MP3 player itself4) guitar and mic have separate volume control (we really need it).In summary, it's ready to be used right out of the box.It only weights 15 lbs so moving around is really easy. overallrating 5   lineend
name L. Su review  It's solid built. Maximized all buttons and hardly heard any noise. Manufacture said it's for practice; to me, it serves the purpose. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark review I say perfection, because this amp does exactly what I wanted it to do.  It is also a great value for what it does.  It offers ample volume for small venues.  I love having two mic inputs and the CD input.  The Behringer AT108, along with my Fender amp, gives me plenty of performance capability. overallrating 5   lineend
name rshirley10 review Received promptly and tested out with acoustic/electric guitar. The sound is much better than expected and the volume is loud enough for small room performances. The treble needs a little boost but with the three channel adjustments it can be made to sound fine. The small amp is just what I was looking for and the second channel for a mike is a big bonus, I haven't tried it yet since I can only play one instrument at a time but with an adapter for a 1/4 inch RCA plug it could also be used to amplify two instruments at the same time. overallrating 5   lineend
name Shane Windham review  The warmth and the richness issue from this thing, just the way I'd hoped. I could not be more pleased with this product. It actually delivers much more sound than I expected. overallrating 5   lineend
name E. Guzman review this is a must have pedal for any rock player, tight compressed distortion sound , you could play with the EQ to get the sound your looking for, it goes from an overdrive sound to a really heavy distortion, It's build to last forever, the sustain is fantastic and the top boost give you another range of possibility's.the only downside is the battery, get the power adapter , batteries wont last more than 2 or 3 days and you have to unscrew the back to replace it.Overall, I'm really happy with this pedal. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gordon Tubbs review I bought this pedal years ago, and like most guitarists who buy new gear, I fell victim to CONFIRMATION BIAS regarding the reviews I gave to my musician friends. Upfront, the pedal sounds great. In the store, if you demo this pedal, you'll quickly be able to zero in on whatever distortion you prefer... but over time, you'll get very frustrated with the actual tone of the distortion itself. Turn any of the knobs past 12, and you'll get some undesirable nasal/hissy/tinny frequencies that require compression, noise gating, and EQ to tame. The &#34;Top Boost&#34; does provide what it advertises, but if the pedal itself is already Dimebagged and you engage the Top Boost... it just sounds weird and unmusical.Electro Harmonix is a great pedal manufacturer, but I think they overstepped their bounds with this one. Where is this pedal now in my collection? Sold for cash. After deciding to bite the silver bullet and purchase a BOSS ME-70 Multi-Effects to simplify my gigging setup, I figured as nice as it is to have an Analog Distortion like the Metal Muff, it would never compete with the Digital Distortion onboard the ME-70... boy was I wrong. After getting the ME-70, I did an A/B test and the ME-70 took home the gold easily. This came at no surprise... considering both BOSS and MXR are respected manufacturers when it comes to Distortion sounds.What would I recommend you purchase? That depends. If you're in a metal band, and you're recording an EP, no pedal in my opinion comes close to fully-cranked tube-amp distortion. However, if your amp doesn't have a good distortion channel or capability, then a more conservative (and affordable) BOSS DS-1 for a more musical metal tone. The reality is, most manufacturers have great distortion pedals, so it really depends on your subjective standards for tone... since no two distortions sound the same. Personally, I recommend the MXR Fullbore Metal... the pedal I wish I had bought instead of the Metal Muff. The Noise Gate and Mid Scooper switches are far better pedal accessories than a Top Boost. The Fullbore also has a Mid Frequency shaping knob... which can dramatically shape the overall sound. overallrating 3   lineend
name Jeremy Mos review Dang that's metal. Were the first words I said when plugging this thing in to the line. With a wide range of sound and versatility with just one pedal and two buttons is awesome. The only issue was with some manufacturing detail. The input and out put jacks are screwed up and nearly broke my cables when trying to set it up for the first time. The buttons were way to stiff and made a horrid crunch the first time I used it and after talking to amazon it turns out that just seems to be how it is. Be sides that its metal, nothing more nothing less. Razor sharp high ends or some butt draggin muddy slop of sound either way your covered with this pedal. overallrating 4   lineend
name mando2112 review I own all 3 versions of this pedal and cherish them. If you need more control with EQ, This pedal with switchable top boost is the ticket. More versatile than the Sovereign. overallrating 5   lineend
name Slashaholic Anonymous review This is a pretty awesome pedal, especially if you're going for more of an 80's or 90's metal sound that's more chunky and defined than fizzy. Think earlier Mesa models, like the famous Mark III C+ that was used by Metallica on the Master of Puppets album. Of course no pedal can perfectly replicate that sound, but the Metal Muff does a pretty amazing impression.Some of the best aspects of the Metal Muff include:1. Great clarity and definition, even on higher gain settings. Seriously, most high gain pedals cause you to lose a lot of definition in your playing, but the metal muff doesn't do that. So especially for the lead guitarist, this should be a major selling point.2. Wide range to the tone controls. With some pedals it's really hard to hear a difference when you adjust the tone controls, but not so with the metal muff. You can easily dial in the sound you're after, or maybe even find a new sound you like even better.3. The quality of construction is absolutely superb. Everything about the pedal is rugged and durable. I'd feel totally comfortable gigging without a backup.On a different note, I've only used this pedal with my Fender Hotrod tube amp, and it sounds great. However, I prefer the Rocktron Zombie pedal to the Metal Muff(see my review of the Zombie for more info on that). However, the Rocktron Zombie doesn't sound good through solid state amps. I mention this because if you're using a tube amp, I honestly feel that the Zombie is a better option. But if you're playing through a solid state amp, the I've read that the metal muff still shines. Just something to consider.To conclude, this pedal is awesome if you're looking for a pedal to give an all-round good, straight-up metal sound. Sure, it's a bit of a one-trick pony, but it's a pretty good trick. If you're looking for an ultra high-gain distortion monster then look else where, but otherwise I recommend giving the Metal Muff a look. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob B review  Not much to say about a basic bag.  It fits a dreadnaught acoustic 6 string guitar, has good padding, and has a large front pouch for music and small (fairly flat) items like a tuner, winder or spare strings.  Has a carry handle/strap, but no shoulder straps on the back as some others have.  Seems well made. overallrating 4   lineend
name Chris review Just an all around nice case, good construction, good zipper and padded enough without causing it to become hard to maneuver.  This isn't one of those semi walled cases, this is just a normal gig bag.  Works for me, in fact I bought another for my classical. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cut to the Chase review Nicely made and well-padded guitar soft-case purchased to protect a Jasmine S34C NEX Acoustic Guitar.  The guitar fit inside the case perfectly, and a zippered pocket on the case allows for storage of picks, stings and other flat items.  Very nice product. overallrating 5   lineend
name DJB review This product is exactly what they say it is.Good material,decent padding,nice front pocket,zippers function without issue.My acoustic cutaway fits nice and snug.I wanted a case mainly to protect my guitar at home,and this works great.Definately worth $25. overallrating 5   lineend
name The Bluescaster review I've been using this for my 'beater' guitar, and it has done just fine in the back of my car, etc. It isn't bulletproof, but you'd have to pay a lot more for airline level protection anyway. Medium padding and a decent sized zipper pocket, more than I expected for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Castillo review Hey, it's a fun little toy, but I've seen this thing going in most places for an even $100 which is ridiculous. I was lucky enough to get it on Amazon for $80. Once you get over the novelty of it it will sit on top of your amp to collect dust.  I've made some cool effects and written a many a great riff with this but it's not one of those tools you'll use every song... unless you're so amazing you can make it work every song! Learning how to use it properly and finding the nuances of making it work is half the fun, but once you get it, and you're over it, you wonder why you wasted $100 on something that shouldn't have cost more than $50. It's essentially a 9V battery covered by plastic with a pretty blue light. This was one of those impulse buys that grabbed a hold of me when I had nothing better to use my money on. overallrating 3   lineend
name Chris30542 review I first became aware of the EBow way back in the 80's when the song &#34;Big Country&#34; by the band Big Country came out. They used it to simulate bagpipes and I always loved that sound. I finally purchased an EBow about a year  ago. I'm a songwriter and record my own demos at home. I also perform live in a cover band. I don't use the EBow very often but when I do, it really adds to the performance. I recorded an EBow track for an original song in a passage where there was only acoustic guitar and it added another dimension to the overall sound and made my recording sound more professional. For live playing it can be a little tricky because sometimes it takes a few seconds to get the strings to start vibrating. With practice, I think this could improve. I play the solo on STP's &#34;Sour Girl&#34; and it sounds very much like the original recording. People in the audience tend to take notice during that solo and I get questions about how it works. I have not had good luck with arpeggios but again, practice could improve this.The octave switch is great for a controlled feedback sound. Battery life is exceptional. I have only had to replace the battery once. Overall, I think this is a great product. I wish it had been a bit less expensive but if I lost it, I'd buy another one. overallrating 4   lineend
name Guitarslim review The ebow is a crazy concept. It's fun to use and also very challenging. It comes with a book that had many variations on how to use it, which was nice. Comes with a velvet pouch and dvd. It's a little pricey now I assume from supply and demand but if you've got the extra cash and play every day, pick this up. Also, I played in a band and we did Miserlou and the other guitar player played the trumpet part with an ebow. I don't know how he did it or what setting his amp was on, but it sound like there was a TRUMPET in the room. He clearly, was good with an ebow. Goes to show how diverse they are. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeff and Denise review If you've seen the youtube videos, then you know what this can do.I especially appreciate that it has the two modes: one for regular sustain and one for a 'feedback' sustain.They can be switched back and forth even while you're sustaining a note.I can't wait to use this with my band - we'll have to cover \"With or Without You\" for sure now![...] overallrating 5   lineend
name Joshua Cuellar review   and are insulting me in the comments section of this post. Normally, I'd just laugh at these no-lifers, but I am sick of getting constant e-mails from internet tough guys, so I'd like to formally state  that this is not a bad product. It can be fun, but the effects it gives are not worth $100, and its build quality is not worth $100. Like I said in the original post, I became bored of this item roughly two weeks after purchase and this has not changed. The last time I picked it up was to harvest the battery for the blackout  active pickups on my schecter. Its not that I \"didn't know how to use it\" like one of the morons in the comments section stated, this product requires very little skill to use. Read the manual if you are having trouble, it explains in great detail the techniques you can utilize with this device.Would I recommend it? If you have a hundred bucks to drop, go for it. If not, your money is best spent elsewhere. overallrating 3   lineend
name Justin P. Palmieri review  The e-bow is a great tool for any musician looking to get a really neatethereal sound out of their guitar. Great tool! overallrating 5   lineend
name Anthony Caraballo review  These Nandy mics are great entry level mics if you are looking not spend to much cash.  They have a long range and great sound fidelity.  If you are trying to save on your budget these are great, if money is not an option keep on looking. overallrating 4   lineend
name A. perez review  works ok for the price and features it is fine. get the batteries it did not came with any. I am using it for a dj karaoke system I do recommend it. overallrating 4   lineend
name bean review  got the mics from dealer fast .i pluged them in and they are great no feedback and great sound .they sound better than my sure mics looking forward to useing them at my next showi would tell a friend if they want set of good mics at a great price these would be the ones overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris review This microphone works well for our needs. I purchased refurbished so, when I received the microphone, the mic piece is actually removed from the handle. It could be from shipping. I re-attached the item and added a windscreen. Now, my kids play around with it and the microphone never detached anymore. overallrating 4   lineend
name cowboylove review This worked well for me from about 25 to 30 feet. Sound was good and it was easy to set up.Good for the price and no regrets. overallrating 4   lineend
name F. Wise review  Bought these for home karaoke and they work great. I also have a weekend DJ business and these work well professionally. Why spend more? My DJ business includes up to 4 Shure wireless mics at around $500 a piece but these inexpensive Nady's seem just about as good in sound and performance (very few drop-outs if you stay within 30 feet of the receiver). I'll probably start taking these on gigs since they are so affordable to replace if they break. overallrating 5   lineend
name ixd735 review Pros:-Price point-Good, clean audio quality when working.-Changeable mesh ballsCons:-Limited upper frequency response (&#62;8kHz)-One stopped working after about half an hour of use. It was not dropped or abused in any way.-Requires nearly direct line of sight between transmitter and receiver for any distance greater than 10 feet. overallrating 2   lineend
name Richie K review For the price you can not beat these. They work great and after a year with them they are still working like the day I got them. This is a great buy. overallrating 5   lineend
name chris review Just a bag for my guitar stand. No big deal, but it sure makes it easier when I have all that stuff to lug around. I love my Hercules guitar stands, but they a don't like to stay put when folded up. This takes care of that problem for a couple of bags. Sturdy material, nice draw string to close it up. Shoulder strap works just fine. Glad I bought it. overallrating 5   lineend
name LOUIS SAAD III review I love these carry bags!  They allow me to easily carry multiple guitar stands, music stands, etc, all at once.  Who couldn't use an extra arm or two when moving equipment?  Well made and a fair price, too! overallrating 5   lineend
name overbybr review Do you have a Hercules guitar stand? Then this will make transporting it easy. It seems like a gimmick, but I have two stands and it's nice to be able to grab both of them by using the bag straps, and still be able to carry more gear with my other hand. overallrating 5   lineend
name puddytat review If you have the full folding single stand this works quite well but the ones with the rounded neck that is one piece with no hinge are a bit tight for length.  OK quality but not as good as the stands themselves which are all fantastic.  I don't understand how people can spend thousands or even hundreds on a guitar and then buy an 8 dollar stand only to see their guitar fall over or get damaged at the neck.  If you pay attention to the prices you can really get some great deals on Amazon... untouchable deals ... overallrating 3   lineend
name Thomas Saliceti review Tis makes it a little awkward to carry. Overall though it does the trick with giving me something to store my stand and carry it from show to show. overallrating 3   lineend
name B. Frank review Most comfortable picks - only complaint is that I would like four in a pack. If you use all four fingers buy two sets... overallrating 5   lineend
name Don Geeze review I'm used to conventional steel finger picks. These actually work really well as long as you don't play hard, like I sometimes do with my other picks. Playing hard really hurts my exposed finger pads that are ordinarily covered by regular picks. However, these allow for better touch and expression when playing softly. overallrating 5   lineend
name GolferMark review Sounds like a great concept and they seem well made. I just don't care for them. I know others love them so I guess it's just a personal thing.It took weeks to receive them in the US. Don't be in a rush. overallrating 4   lineend
name John Ferrell review I love the open feel from these picks.  It's almost like picking with with just your fingers, except with more volume. overallrating 5   lineend
name JPfromOH review I decided to try these open metal finger picks when I could no longer find ProPicks, which I really like.  ProPick open metal pick users will probably think that these look very familiar.  Compared with the ProPicks these are manufacturer from a heavier, stiffer metal.  They offer the user the advantage over conventional plastic and metal finger picks that you can actually feel the string with the fleshy part of your finger.  I find these (and the ProPicks, for that matter) much more natural than conventional picks.  These actually have some advantages over the old ProPicks: (1) you get three finger picks, rather than two; and (2) because the metal is a heavy gauge, they seem to be less likely to bend during playing and fall off your fingers.  It would be nice to see these packaged in a little plastic container so that they're protected in the guitar case; however, they are so heavy duty that they can probably survive quite well free-ranging around in the case.  Highly recommended for fingerpicking on acoustic guitar and resonator guitar. overallrating 4   lineend
name rb1947 review Don't know what the delay was but it took forever to get here.  The picks look like they will work although they are a little hard to bend, we will see if it's what I was looking for, thanks! overallrating 3   lineend
name scott schwartz review Bought these as normal finger picks were not working for me.  I grew up playing without picks when playing finger-style and the transition to wearing picks was not going well. I can wear these either on the outside or inside of the nail. These are working a lot better for me. overallrating 5   lineend
name smi6375 review I play with fingernails and just can't control standard metal banjo-style fingerpicks because I can't feel the strings. I used Alaska picks for years, which are very good. These are better. They give the control of nails, yet the tone and protection of metal - and I can feel the strings! Muting, harmonics, everything...  If you play with nails and want finger picks, these are for you. overallrating 5   lineend
name Willy review There good mics overallrating 5   lineend
name Aaron Taylor review great price and helped out with recording to a Tascam 4 track cassette (which I like using on occasion vs digital) and just plain useful with so many other apps......excellent budget dynamic mics and sweet case for storage!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Alfredo review These microphones have a quality-feel to them and they all worked perfectly.  I used them with my Harbinger HA60 PA system and I was not disappointed.  They don't come with cables so be sure you have some available (xlr-xlr).  You can get a 25' cable for under $5 also here on Amazon.  Good deal all around.  Would not hesitate to purchase more of them if I need to. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. M. Steiner review These mics are great. I wasn't sure what they would be like but I would buy them all again. They are cheap enough to replace and they sound great. We Shure mics and they needed repaired all the time. These have a bigger sound pick up area and they have not had any problems at all. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. perez review  this pack rocks they have on off buton the quality feels sturdy and I had it next to shure mics that cost more but sound the same for karaoke vocals. I bough two other sets and 20 ft cables overallrating 5   lineend
name Applewhite Minyard review I've had Behringer mikes before, and currently have a couple of XM2000s, which are very reliable and comparable to Shure SM 58s. I saw this three pack of 1800s for $40 in a hard case and couldn't believe it. I hooked them up right beside the 2000s, and while there is a little difference, it's not much. The 1800 has a little more high end, but it's easy to adjust the tone for slightly more bass. The presence is also boosted a little on the 1800, meaning less reverb should be put in the mix to avoid a tinny sound or the possibility of feedback.For now, I'm using the matched 1800s as the main mikes for our vocalists, and keeping the older 2000s as backups.I bought the 3 of these for less than the price of one SM 58. Although the Shure (and the B 2000) is better, the difference is hardly noticeable once the tone and presence are compensated for. I can afford to buy another 3 pack for complete backup.A wise choice for the budget conscious. overallrating 4   lineend
name Austin Garcia review  I got this yesterday, and everything was alright, except that two of the three Mics worked. One was dead. I tested all three of them with the same, and different cable, and made sure that the the On/Off switch was on. It was first mic I tested of the three, and the dead one of the three. Everything was good except for that one Microphone. overallrating 3   lineend
name Brian Damage review These are pretty standard dynamic mics, and for what you pay the quality is good. I use them as room mics mainly, for which they perform admirably. I've only used them once for (backup) vocals, and the results were good. Would recommend these for folks on a budget. Also, the case is nice. overallrating 4   lineend
name busdriver123 review Made of all metal,looks and feels well made. Sounds clear no hum or buzz comes with a nice case and that a plus. overallrating 5   lineend
name CLS review Great bargain price. 3 great vocal microphones, in its own protective case, with its own holders. Not top end ... but for general purpose use and abuse ... works just fine. Sensitivity and clarity is more than acceptable for my needs. Feels quite solid. overallrating 5   lineend
name David M. Gammon review  The 3-pack is a FANTASTIC deal. I've been around mics under $100 for 30 years, and when compared to other mics in the $50-$100 range, they are as good or better! Good lows and clean highs without ANY hiss. Absolutely NO whine or hiss when used with a mic preamp. Don't miss out on this GREAT deal. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dean J Copely review Surprised really. For the price I dont think I could have done better. Nice case, come with stand adapters, and make me sound pretty good and I cant really sing. Dropped one a few times and its still working. Good feel/weight. On /off switches on each. I record to DAW and the recordings sound fine. I usually run everything through a BBE so that might be part of why I am pleased with them but I do recocmmend these for mics in this price range. overallrating 4   lineend
name E. Temple review These don't sound all that great on stage or at rehearsal with the my other SM58s and Beta 58s in a band situation, but that actually wasn't the purpose of these microphones... the real purpose was speech through a ceiling speaker system, at which they excel. The facility we use these at, the mics have a habit of walking away, or escaping maybe... stolen? Perhaps. They sound great through the ceiling, they have on/off switches, and they're cheap, we can just buy another box of 3 in a few months when we're down to 1 again. Seems like they'll last forever, too bad they keep wandering off on us. overallrating 4   lineend
name GamerBoy review I love these microphones, I really do. I also believe that it was really cool they threw in the microphone holders and the case is quite nice. The 2 things I did not like was 1, the microphone has to be really close to your mouth to get a good sound out of it, otherwise it does not sound as crisp. 2, although it was nice of them to include the microphone holders, the items they work with are very limited so make sure that they match up with a microphone stand you want to buy or else it won't screw in. It is good to be aware the wire that connects to this microphone is an XLR Female, so buy the correct wire when connecting to an amp/speaker. For the price I really do recommend these, as long as your fine with having to put the microphone centered,and close to your mouth. Overall a great product. overallrating 4   lineend
name ixd735 review Pros:-Solid build quality-Included flight case, mic clips, and adapters (3/8&#34; female threads to 5/8&#34; male threads)-Clean audio-Great for live sound eventsCons:-Limited upper frequency response--this is to be expected in almost all dynamic mics. overallrating 5   lineend
name James Starritt review Podcasting on a bit of a budget ($200 setup), I wanted good sound quality, nice warm tones .... these mics deliver in a world where I didn't quite have the cash for condensers I wanted.  I needed four mics and this was the best cheap option and my word, these sound great.  3 for under $40 was fantastic.  I am glad I didn't break budget here.  I'm using these with the Behringer 1202FX mixer.  I am so extremely happy with them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jason Lewis review These microphones are great for recording vocals.  They pick up local sounds better than they pick up distance sounds.  They do not have any detectable noise or issues.  Depending on your situation, you may need to have a external pop-filter or windscreen, however, these microphones contain an internal windscreen. overallrating 5   lineend
name jimrenfroe review I use these at parties and they work good for the price I paid. I really have no complaints aside from sometimes you really have to get up on it to get a good clear voice in a live band setting. I use a wireless for that now, still for the price, these are hard to beat. overallrating 4   lineend
name Joe review  I bought these for supplemental mics for a podcast, verbal audio recordings.  The sound quality is very good from these mics, in fact its hard to distinguish the difference on non-pro mixers from other higher end mics.  They feel good in your hand, nice build quality, and if you put a windscreen on them there is very little pop.  Sensitivity is good, and I'm very pleased by this purchase.  I'd definitely recommend these for any kind of audio recording, they may even be a good option for instrument recording given the lower price tag.  NOTE: once you put the pop screens on, they no longer fit into the carry case.  You have to remove the wind screens or modify the cushioning inside the case. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jon F review If you're a professional and you're JOB is music, then you may not think these mics are up to your standards in quality.  However, if you're just doing it as a hobby/side job... or even just want the mics for a PA system, then it's really hard to beat what you get in this deal here.  The deal is fantastic.  I use these for recording music at my home as well as recording my online radio show and they've been perfect for me. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lee review Plugged 'em in to my PA's Yamaha mixer and tried out my effects processor and they sound great! Better than the Nady Starpower mic I also bought from Amazon. These seem like they will last and I plan to buy these as long as they stay the same price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Levis Ouellet review This item was received well packed and on time.  Provides a great sound for my needs and would recommend it to all my friendks. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark King review I had some band mates that did not seem to respect my Shure SM-58 mics very well so I bought some of these cheap mics to use on them. I was very surprised to find that I like the sound of my voice better through one of these than my old reliable SM-58 (and these Behringer mic's are about 1/10 the price each.No problem with feedback or handling noiseNo problem with electronic induced noiseSounds goodDirt cheapHandy carrying caseWhat's not to like? overallrating 5   lineend
name No Name review My band had no PA or mics or anything.  While I admit these are not the quality a band will work up to, they fill up the stands at an affordable price.  Not much distance--you have to &#34;eat&#34; the mics--but the sound is great.  Full range, clear (not muddy), and no breaking up of sound.  This is a great place to begin. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard R. Casper review Comes in a really nice case.  Works great.  Great price. Very light.  Can't speak to durability because haven't had them long and haven't used them heavily. overallrating 5   lineend
name Roy Aaroen Sr review I was looking for a financially good deal. The price was so reasonable, I said, \"How can something this cheap be that good\..well they were a great investment. I use them all the time and have had people ask me where I purchased such a great sounding cadiod microphone. When I told them the price, they thought I was pulling there leg,..I wasn't. The case is plastic, foam and clips. Three good clips would cost you ten dollars alone, now compare for yourself. I'd buy these again in a heart beat. I just might buy another 3-pack!! overallrating 4   lineend
name R. Wristen review  Okay well I lied in subject line, bad singers sound bad whatever mic you put in their hand.  I can say that with authority since I run KJ shows 6 nights a week and have for the last 20+ years, so I know good singers when I hear them.  And they will ask if I have a shure SM58, to which i reply Hell No, you think I'm going to put a 58 in the hands of a careless drunk?  The more you drink the better you sound or so some of my patrons believe.  Some also drop the mic or worse, spike the mic.  I'd rather lose one of these Behringers than a 58.  Or a wireless 58.  Sound wise these are great for their intended purpose.  If you need a sturdy all metal cheap mic, this is the bargain. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tanner Hoke review I bought them at 45 dollars. Use for small music gigs and DJ/MC uses. They are great for DJ uses or other things where the quality of the voice isn't so important, as long as you can be heard and understood. I recommend for use of: 1. Small music venues (smaller bands), Djing, public speaking, band practices/rehearses, etc.For higher quality microphones at a reasonable price, look at the Audix OM2 when it's around 80 bucks, or Audio Technica products. overallrating 4   lineend
name Top Flite Golfer review  Excellent equipment!  For the price I paid, can't beat what I got.  Have used all three and had exactly zero problems with them.  It's been several years now, and this is a name that will move forward in sound equipment. overallrating 5   lineend
name walter goodwyn review Order just in time to replace my microphones that were well deserved of retiring. I didn't think  that these mikes would give me the quality sound I needed for the price i paid. overallrating 5   lineend
name B review ...two weeks in and I can already feel it drying up. Good for peace of mind instead of using a wet sponge humidifier and just keeping the humidity controlled, but it seems it will cost me a fortune if I keep using these. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bill Henry review THis system works great! I have a Taylor 910ce, and two other guitars I use these on - very simple and works great! overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Dreifus review I will no longer use other humidifying methods for my BR-243A. There's too much that can go wrong with over or under humidifying a solid wood acoustic guitar. Woods swell and shrink based on moisture vapor and it can also affect the tone quality.The beauty of these is that the gel packs maintain consistent humidity and make any changes gradually. overallrating 5   lineend
name DrummerLD review I have four of these - and will continue to use this product. You'll purchase this system first, then all you need to do is get the replacement packs. For my Taylor Baby, the string spacing was a little small, but there was no problem inserting the pack in my other three guitars. Very easy to use. As a recommendation for keeping your guitar in good condition, I would also buy a humidity meter so you can keep tabs on the room where you store your instruments. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Villella review  I own several Taylor acoustics, and a few other kinds of guitars. I bought the original pack of these from a suggestion of a friend who had a few acoustics damaged by humidity (too dry). These are so easy to use, and can be &#34;recharged&#34; if you feel like $12-15 for 3 is too much every couple of months. I've successfully recharged these using distilled water about 3 times now, and they work just as great as they did new. These also come in a resealable package, so you can recharge them and then store them until you need to replace the other set in guitar case.You can tell when they've dried out by the fact they get crunchy feeling. It means they need to be replaced.To recharge them, I take a large ziplock plastic container with a lid (big enough to hold 1 quart), and then pour a few cups of distilled water in the bottom. Next, I take a smaller empty ziplock container (the bottom of one big enough to hold a sandwich), and float it on the water in the larger container. Then place the 3 packs in the floating container (stacked on one another or on their sides) and seal the top of the larger container with a lid. It traps the humidity in the container, and the membrane on these packs is two-way, so they absorb it until they reach capacity again. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Thomas review  I live in a dry climate, and I have to add distilled water to my humidifiers almost daily.  Since I can't afford to add a special room to humidify my instruments, the planet waves humidipak is the next best thing.  I get anywhere from 4 to 6 weeks out of a pack.  The time and effort this pack saves me to keep my humidifiers repleted with water is well worth the price. On the refillable humidifiers, you really can't forget more than a day or two to replenish the water.  With the humidpak, you have a lot more security.  Going on a trip?  You won't have to worry about your string instruments if you have these in your case. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jarrett Venturini review This thing is awesome!  I hate refilling humidifiers, and this thing is just leave it and forget it.It has a pack that hangs over the strings and in to the soundhole of the guitar, and one that restsin the case up by the headstock.I've been playing for about 15 years, and have always used a humidifier.  This works just as good as anything else.Keeps my case at a nice 60-70% humidity.I would recommend a nice Hygrometer to keep in the case too.  Just to make sure you have the proper humidity level.UPDATE 7/17/2013So being the lazy guy that I am, I never changed the packs out during the end of winter when they were getting a little hard.Well I noticed over the past couple of weeks that they were absorbing water!These really are a humidity system, rather than just a humidifier!They are almost completely back to their normal state, being very gel-like feeling.So, I am convinced that they work now. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jean Hanna Davis review I bought this for my Taylor 714.  It seems to keep things humidified very well.  I like the idea that it takes moisture out and puts moisture in as needed.I have replaced packs twice.  I have not had any problems with the packages leaking or creating any problems in the guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeffrey review These work great keep the guitar case around 43 degrees but do not seem to last as long as they did in the past. They are easy to use.... I continue to buy them because I live in a dry region of the country. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Perry review  You take the packs and put them in the sleeves. There is a double sleeve and a single sleeve. I have the double behind the neck of my guitar in its guitar case and the single behind the body. It has worked so far. It is very arid where I live and I want my fret board to be happy. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Zwicker review This is a wonderfual addition to help maintain the humidity for your guitar, this product is recommended by Taylor guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kevin review  They say 2-4 months, I've never come close to even a month. Usually 3 weeks and they are toast in a guitar case not opened more than twice in that 3 weeks.  If it sounds too good to be true, it usually is.  I don't recommend these. overallrating 1   lineend
name Perry D review I bought this for my new 12 string Guild acoustic. I use Oasis humidifier for my other acoustics and am satisfied with them. The reason I tried this one is because it's necessary to spread the strings quite a bit to get the tube in between them. And with 12 strings, it really put a lot of tension on them. Another difference is there is nothing to do with the Planet Waves. You slip the included packs (2) into the saddlebag type pouch and slide them between the strings. They should last 3-4 months & you don't do anything else. Also comes with a 3rd one for the headstock. With others you have to add water and remeber to check it so they don't dry out. I also used a Dampit but because it hangs from a cord, it sometimes gets caught on the wiring on an acoustic-electric! I may eventually replace my Oasis humidifiers with these also. overallrating 5   lineend
name puddytat review Standard great quality from Planet Waves/D'addario but these certainly can change price very frequently throughout the year.  I think it almost doubled in price a week after I ordered... not sure why. overallrating 5   lineend
name someguy2011 review Let me start off by saying I have had several types of humidifiers all of which have worked well. The major upside to this humidifier is you do not have to worry about over-humidifing your guitar! Packets maintain a constant relative humidity and they couldnt be easier to use.One star short of a 5 star review. Why? The price for the replacement packets.Other than that, a wonderful system! overallrating 4   lineend
name TerranautX review  Unlike those who have complained that they dry out fast, I have always gotten much longer life out of them than the product promises. What I can't tell you is how well they actually meet humidity ideals because I've never monitored the humidity in the case to see what it is and if it is on par with what the manufacturer says. I have taken it pretty much on faith that they deliver what they say and they have read some endorsements by people like Bob Taylor of Taylor guitars that they work. Bob has too good a name and no incentive that I know of to be frivolous about endorsing such a product that might not work, so, I take it that Taylor had his lab people check them out thoroughly to be sure of Humidipaks effectiveness before Mr. Taylor would give them an endorsement. That was good enough to sell me. But I didn't just buy it because Bob Taylor says they work--they occupy a very cool niche which I was hping someone would fill. Planet Waves Humidipaks are for the person who is willing to spend a little extra to not to have to keep fiddling around with water, sponges, gauges and those Oasis water bag and just have something that you can dispose of and replace every so often. That's what I want. Sure, water is free. But it evaporates fast and it's a job to keep having to take care of. So, is it worth it to buy a disposable thing like this that you don't have to mess with? Or do you want to save $15 or so by doing all that work wetting sponges and whatnot weekly? I'll gladly pay the extra few bucks not to have to worry about hydrating my guitars and cases but once avery 6 months.None of my guitars have shown any signs of humidity issues and I have lived in New York City and Virginia Beach in the years since I've been using the Planet Waves Humidipaks. One accolade that I will give Planet Waves is that they did recall the product a few years back and promised replacements when the new model which resolved a potential leakage problem was released. That re-release seemed to drag on for a while and when I contacted Planet Waves to gripe, they sent me a check for the \"list\" price of all the units I had returned to them. Well the list price was three times the retail price at the time and that was a bit of a minor windfall at the time for me which impressed the heck out of me and I used the money to buy their other humidity products in the interim to humidify my guitars. But when the Humidipaks were available again they sent me replacements ANYWAY. That was really being treated well by Planet Waves and I have never used anything else but Humidipaks since. Humidipaks give me peace of mind that my guitars are being humidified and I'm more than satisfied with how long the paks last. overallrating 5   lineend
name 3rdtimer review These replaced the ETB92 nylon tapewounds I tried. I didn't realize how much low end I was missing until I put these on. Very nice. overallrating 4   lineend
name Don review  My bass-playing has gone on for 50 years,...and during the time I've tried lots of strings on my many bass guitars.  I know from that experience how the quality and construction of strings has improved over the decades.This set of D'Addario chromes is remarkable.  It's a flat wound string with all the smoothness and quiet character found in that string type.  In this set, I especially like the 4th string at .100&#34; dia. This set, by its design, gives a very strong and powerful signal to the amp,...and therefore makes even my Schecter Diamond Series 4-string sound largely like the early P-bass with bottom to spare.  There's a 'however'.... and this is it,....this string is NOT muddy sounding like many flat wounds.  Clean, bold, and full of smooth overtones that work well.  I really like them.  The price is fair, and we'll see what kind of life they exhibit, as I don't want to be spending lots of hard-to-find cash on new strings at a frequency that is aggravating.Don P. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Rodino review Well, that's overstating it a little, but several people told me I wouldn't like FW strings on my bass. I wanted to try them to get closer to an earlier electric bass sound, smoother and more mellow. I considered RWs to be way too bright on my guitar. So I put these on my 1978 MusicMan Sting-Ray bass. I only have a little Peavey practice amp, which may account for how bright these still sound. But I love them. I have to dial the active EQ treble control all the way down, this is just a bright-sounding bass! But I wanted more of a stand-up doghouse bass sound, like early basses had. I have a low-level Hofner violin bass, also with FWs on it (it shipped with RWs,what were they thinking???), but I loves me my MusicMan. And I love the sound of these strings. Oddly, a smidgen of the wrap extends below the nut, but it doesn't seem to affect the sound. As soon as I get a REAL amp, I expect these to completely satisfy. And they WILL pop, but then again, this is an awesome bass, made during Leo's time with MM. But if you want that real \"vintage\" sound, these are pretty damn good. Lack of a good amp, and not knowing how long they'll last is why I gave them 4 stars. Otherwise, 5 star all the way. overallrating 4   lineend
name MAURICIO S TAVARES review Yeah, i bought these for my friend' s band and their sound are really very impressive. Great durability and tone. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael J. Edelman review Maybe it's because I cut my musical teeth on Motown and 60s rock, but I've always preferred the sound of flatwound strings to round wound, or even ground wound strings. It might also have something to do with the fact I play upright as well. Flatwounds are easier on the fingers of both hands, and they have a natural damping that makes them sound more upright-like to my ears. It doesn't hurt that a good set of flat wounds will last practically forever, too. I use D'Daddarios on all my my electric guitars and basses as I've found them to be very consistent from set to set, and the sealed plastic packaging means that I can buy a set today, put it in my case, and it's be as good as new a year later.I used to use LaBella flats on my fretless, and then switched to Thomastik Jazz Flats. Then a friend told me he'd switched from the Thomastiks to these.  He found them much more consistent in quality, and smoother as well. I'm now a convert, too. overallrating 5   lineend
name Personne review I recently picked up aSquier Fretlessbass.  As with any guitar, the factory strings left much to be desired.  With fretted basses, I'd always liked strings with a little brassiness.  But round-wounds just didn't feel (or sound) right on a fretless.  Small vibrato was hard to achieve with the string friction.  And round-wounds just didn't have that acoustic sound.  There were quite a few choices for fretless strings, but I've always liked D'Addarios on my 6-string guitars.  These flat-wounds were a perfect choice.  They've got plenty of bottom, but the midrange is more pronounced than other strings.  The bass sounds more like a 'real' bass.  And the action is now so smooth. I can use a small vibrato when I like--no longer restricted to the wide Jaco-style.There are all sorts of bassists who look for all different sorts of sounds.  But there's something about a fretless that attracts a particular sort of player--the player who wants a bit of that upright bass sound.  As soon as I put these on, I felt like I was home. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Mayse review these are a lighter tensioned version of their popular J74 strings, the pitch is somewhat lower than the J74s and the effort needed to fret a note is much less, nice for old fingers and beginners. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hagen LeBray review I'm primarily a guitar player, but I do have a decent mandolin that had factory strings on it.  Those strings made it hard to play, so I tried these D'Addario mandolin strings.  What a difference!  These strings are great! overallrating 5   lineend
name Jorge Barbarosa review  I used to use 009 to 032 and decided to up it a size to the 010...  I like light strings for a more classical and sweeter sound.  The heavier gauges such as 11's are okay too but the 012's seemed to be used a lot for the chop rhythm which I don't ascribe to. At one point I did have a set of Bluegrass 012's on it but they didn't feel right for me plus I didn't like the way the 012's sat on top the nut, I was a bit worried that the nut would crack, which is what happens when the gauges are too fat for the nut slot.IF you want 012's I would highly recommend you take it to a tech so he can evaluate the nut and slot it to the proper width to accommodate the 012.The reason I switched from 009 to 010 is that I was hard pressed and in need of a set and the local music shop didn't carry the 009's any longer so I went to the 010.  I believe my mando was set up with 10's or 11's but I wasn't sure.  I tweaked the action and the 010's are fine and I've made the adjustment.Strings, ahem....  are just about all the same.  They local music shop is very knowledgeable and they told me a story around NAMM shows and how the string booths don't really give out too much info and the origins of their products.  There may be (according to the my local music shop) a few companies that actually make their own strings but the bulk of the strings out there are probably manufactured in a mass quantities at factories in PRC or other offshore sources, sold in bulk and packaged by the companies.  Who knows?  And the shop sure tried to find out but it's a dark dark secret out there at the trade shows, so nobody is talking, and making a logical assumptions from a corporate standpoint are probably not too far off the mark, i.e.  Strings are mass produced for market and most string companies as I said earlier are buying bulk and packaging for the consumers.What does that mean?  That means I need some inside info to this bulk purchasing and I'll sell my own!  The quality is probably up as much as the tooling and raw materials will allow, so why not!Cheers! overallrating 5   lineend
name Kathleen B. Janecka review  Good strings. Light... but I'll be going to coated strings next.  The coated ones are Medium, which is too heavy for me. overallrating 5   lineend
name mkniser review In my 13 years of playing the guitar I have settled on D&#8217;Addario as my string of choice.  When I picked up the mandolin four months ago deciding which string to buy was easy. I&#8217;m really glad I did.  The tone is great, they&#8217;re durable and smooth on the fingers.  Even though they are smaller strings they still produce the sustain and bell-like tone that mandolinists are after.  They respond great to different styles and dynamic levels.  You can play sweet classical passages, roaring bluegrass and even rock.  I have a high end Washburn F-Style and these strings coupled with Wegan picks make the Washburn sound SPECTACULAR!  They also bring out the sound of the wood too which I appreciate.  If you are in need of a smaller string that still sounds good, this is the pack to get. Thanks D&#8217;Addario for providing an awesome product! overallrating 5   lineend
name Moral Hazard review  The strings definitely have a good tone, though I've got them on a low-end mandolin. They may be more than the mando needs. But they sound great! overallrating 5   lineend
name REM review Great sound over the original strings.  I did find these strings a little difficult to install because of the size.  They will draw blood if your not careful so watch it while replacing the small strings.  The G and the D were fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name SnoopGrampyGramps review The strings are slightly smaller than the J74 and deliver a great sound.  Several of my friends ask about the sound and the difference in the sound.  My reply was to purchase a set and give them a try.  Thanks Again overallrating 5   lineend
name Bum-Ki Cho review so i just got this product, haven't used it!package looks ok,strings are pakced in one plastic bagi can't wait to try this one, i've also bought Martin M1400, ghs silk and steel, will come back with results! overallrating 4   lineend
name Fancy review these are wonderful strings for acoustic playing.  They have a great sound for finger picking and even with a pick they still sound good. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fred Smith review The strings on my new Yamaha FG700S were too hard and noisy so I ordered these and what a difference in the feel!  Playing went from painful to pure pleasure!  I did notice that the tone of the low E string was a bit dead, especially in drop D tuning so I put that one Yamaha string back on and got better sounding lows.  For that, I gave four stars instead of five. overallrating 4   lineend
name Gridley review These strings are well packaged, and easy to unroll and string on my guitar. I've had them on two guitars for a couple of months and they hold their tone well. overallrating 4   lineend
name Harry An review  No strings I've tried are like this, it doesn't have a strong character but work together with your guitar. My seagull now sound mellow with brightness! Also this string is perfect for finger picking, I love it! overallrating 5   lineend
name JPfromOH review These D'Addario silk and steel strings are excellent for finger picking.  A couple of notes, though:  (1) on the positive side, they are made in the U.S.A. of American-produced materials (unlike silk and steel strings by a famous American guitar company whose name starts with \"M,\" which are assembled south of the border); (2) on the negative side, they cost more than M-----'s silk and steel strings; (3) in general, silk and steel strings squeak more on position changes than straight steel strings, especially more than flat-wound acoustic strings; (4) the tone is very nice and mellow, sort of a cross between flat-wound steel strings and nylon strings; (5) the D'Addario folk set is very easy on the fingers and therefore are ideal if you play a lot, or if you primarily play a fairly light gauge electric string and only acoustic on occasion; (6) they really work best for finger picking (whatever you do, don't use metal finger picks), and are less effective than steel strings for flat picking. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mike Lovelace review  I like these strings for their warm & mellow tone.  They are easy on the fingers, and I prefer the silver-wound basses. overallrating 5   lineend
name Secret Squirrel review  I have an Alvarez Yari acoustic guitar that I absolutely love. but I have wanted, missed a warmer tone (the body of this guitar is slightly smaller than many and I had always assumed that I would never be able to get the tone I wanted in the low end... as compared to the bass enhancing body of a typical dreadknot style of guitar, for example...).Then a friend recommended I try these strings, and, to my mind, my guitar has seen nothing short of a transformation!Here is the gorgeous tone I had missed!I am now on my second set of strings, and I am hooked.One thing: I have heard that these strings aren't as durable as other strings.However, this hasn't bothered me, as tend to finger-pick and soft strum, and so, this possibility hasn't become an issue for me.And while I would make no claim that everyone would have the great experience I did, I would wholeheartedly recommend trying these strings to anyone looking for a variation in tone.The fact that it is easier on the fingers is another reason to give these a try! Thumbs up! overallrating 5   lineend
name Clayton A. Cohn review I bought this to replace an actual full-out PA and was VERY pleasantly surprised.Pros: GREAT price, VERY loud (as well as clear). Also compact and very durable.Cons: None.Bottom Line: As a monitor look no further. I use it as a PA for practicing and it is a God-send. Buy now! overallrating 5   lineend
name JVincent review I was looking for a small, high quality monitor for use in the Praise Band at church. I needed to run my Boss GT-100 and vocals through it on stage. This little speaker is more than loud enough for a good size stage with reasonable stage volume. It is built extremely well/very solid and sounds incredible. The volume and sound quality coming from this is simply amazing. I still chuckle when someone asks me to turn my guitar up and I do and all this sound comes from this little speaker sitting on the floor. There is a threaded mic stand socket on the bottom, but I place it on the floor and angle it back by putting my DI box underneath it. Between this and my GT-100 I have the ultimate direct guitar system, with inputs still available for a monitor feed from the main board. Simply fantastic piece of equipment. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  One of these is more than sufficient for small venues as a main keyboard amp with channels for a mic and backing track. A pair of these connected via the stereo link jacks will handle larger venues including outside gigs. They can  be configured as a master/slave set-up with a single link cable (a 1/4 inch speaker cable), or with two cables two fully functioning amps that can handle ten inputs, assuming five inputs per CM-30. In reality the single cable configuration is more than sufficient.The low, mid and high range frequencies are perfect for either a piano or organ. I have run both aRoland RD-300NX Digital PianoandRoland V-Combo VR-700. The grand piano setting on the RD-300NX sounds like the real thing out of this amp, as does the B3 emulation from the V-Combo.I did a direct comparison with this against aMackie SRM150 5.25-Inch Compact Active PA Systemand the sound of this beat it hand's down. Bear in mind that this was designed for keyboards so the sound has been optimized for instruments in their frequency range.Vocals through the channel with the XLR are adequate, but not particularly spectacular. Also, there is no phantom power or ground lift features, so you will not be able to use this in a studio with condenser mics or correct electrical imbalances. That leads me to conclude that this is best for live performances.I use mine as a powered main, but it is designed to function as a monitor with the main controls on the front of the box. That is somewhat inconvenient when using it as a main because the controls will be facing away from you. However, once the levels are set during sound check you can control the levels via your instrument's volume and EQ controls.There are a few things to note regarding mounting this on a mic stand. First, the manual recommends that the total height from the top of the CM-30 to the floor not exceed 43 inches. I agree. This may be relatively small, but it's heavy at over twelve pounds and the center of gravity at the limited of the recommended height is fairly high. It's easy to tip over, especially of you are not using a tripod style mic stand with the legs fully extended. overallrating 5   lineend
name M. Wilhelm review I play guitar and sing in relatively small places, such as cafes.  I previously used a Fender Acoustasonic Jr and I got tired of lugging it (about 50 lbs) and all of my other gig equipment around. With the CM-30 I can get it (12 lbs), mic stands, music stand, mic, and various cables and etc into a medium sized rolling duffel.  That means I can haul everthing I need in one trip.  A big plus.I like the sound quality I get.  My guitar is an acoustic Alverez with onboard preamp and my mic is a Shure SM-57.  The Roland doesn't have a huge amount of volume, but if you're looking for something that sounds natural and is easy to transport, set up and take down, this is a good choice. (If I used it a with a passive guitar pick-up, I'd want external preamp.)  Think of it as as a sound booster for when you are playing in a bigger space than your living room.I'm also thinking I will use it in larger rooms as a personal monitor with my Acoustasonic Jr.It looks really rugged, so I'm looking forward to years of happy use. overallrating 4   lineend
name Samuel Chell review I'm frankly sick and tired of showing up for a gig and having my keyboard run through the P.A., thereby in essence causing me to forfeit all control of the instrument to the bandleader (or board op). Still, I've had to concede that the amps I've been using--a Roland KC150, then a KC350--had plenty of power and pop but no sonic attributes that would recommend them above the Bose P.A. set-up the band uses.  Then, because I needed a small amp with an XLR connection for use as an emergency P.A., I picked up this relatively new item from Roland, which prominently describes itself as a \"monitor\" amp (i.e. meant only for the performer's ears).Was I surprised when I got this thing home and put it through some rounds with a Kurzweil PC2 and SP2.  It's little more than a compact brick, but it appears to have the power of my KC150 and, more importantly, in terms of \"listenability\" it sounds like its several heavens apart from the KC 150 or 350 (those ever-present Roland KC amps will make any piano, including Rolands, sound uninspiring if not boring during the course of a four-hour gig).  This latest contender covers the entire piano range, effortlessly, smoothly, providing rich yet responsive bass where its needed and brilliant but not strident highs.  Perhaps some would judge the sound a trifle \"colored.\"  If so, I'll take the coloration any day to the untempered sounds I've been getting from electric keyboards.  The mid-range is tight and controlled, with the upper register \"growing out\" of it gradually but unmistakably.  By contrast, the upper register on the heavy-duty KC amps strikes like a serpent, leaping out of the mix like home-brewed white lightning  hitting the palate after it's just gotten accustomed to a vintage Bordeaux.I even compared this little thing to my previous standard--the Roland Cube 60 that had preceded the KC150 (which has been around too long).  This new one was smoother, bending to the bass notes like a gracious willow and springing to the top ones like fresh spring birch.  In other words, even the Roland Cube sounded uneven and rough compared to this latest overachiever, which handled the tones of the scale like a single portamento, revealing no holes in any of the registers.Playing any instrument or amplifier on the job can lead to a judgment radically different from the one made at home.  If my instruments (I'm usually playing 2-3) have to be mixed through the P.A., fine.  I won't have to listen to them.  They'll be processed by this monitor, which will be facing and playing for me before it kicks out the stuff that the bandleader deems worthy of the public's ears. overallrating 5   lineend
name tommy review I use two of these as L/R channels, and my Fishman Soloamp as a center channel.  I use a Rode NT4 stereo mic, run everything through my Mackie mixer, adding some reverb and delay (delay a little of the left, send to right channel, and vice versa), and it sounds fantastic (way better than with just the Fishman alone).  Another tip:  Get a copy of Yamaha's Sound Reinforcement Handbook... when it comes to audio, there are so many aspects that all effect each other, so you really need a good technical understanding of it, otherwise you could randomly mess around with everything forever just to get an \"ok\" sound. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Candy review I bought this pedal new, hoping to get an electric solid body guitar to sound somewhat like an acoustic guitar on stage.  I knew going in that it would not sound like a Martin D-28, but I thought it would be good enough to play a couple of acoustic parts without having to switch guitars.Imagine my profound disappointment.Really, Boss??? This is by far the worst pedal I have ever used of yours.  This thing has a terrible hiss when you turn the review  s on-line.  Seems like it is part of the design. It's too bad because one can hear some promise in the faux acoustic tones, hidden beneath a wall of fizz. Totally unusable, as far as I'm concerned. By the way, I tested it direct to a PA as well as into a guitar amp with a single coil guitar (strat). overallrating 1   lineend
name Coffee Infusion review  . I wasn't expecting much from this pedal, but it is quite good. Is it a completely authentic acoustic sound? I'd have to say... not exactly. But it's kind of close, and it's a far cry from lowering your volume and raising your master, which still sounds distinctly electric. So far, the setting with the most convincing acoustic tones would be the Jumbo setting. Again, don't expect to sound completely acoustic -- it's a nice way to at least approach that sound. Check out some Youtube tests before buying.It's &#34;okay&#34; on my Blues Jr. NOS, but really shines on my Crate TD-35, which is a brighter amp and less colored. I zero the spring verb and use the pedal's onboard reverb for best results.Used it with my Strat and also a humbuckered guitar with a Duncan Hotrod set. Sounds good with both guitars -- especially neck and center positions.Pedal is solid. Be advised that it comes with the 9-volt from the factory, so if you use a DC power source then you'll want to remove the battery. To do so, you'll see a black knob at the base of the pedal. Just unscrew it, pop the hood, and remove the battery. Overally, solid pedal as you'd expect from Boss.A word of warning. Not sure if it's my setup, but when the AC-3 is in my effects chain (not a loop, but in front of the Blues Jr), I started getting really bad static sounds that sounded like the amp was malfunctioning -- burnt tube or the like. When I run it alone to my Crate, I haven't experienced this. Could be any number of things in my effects chain, so check if others experience this.I'm wondering if a small, cheap acoustic amp would help augment the acoustic tone with the pedal. Never tried running an electric into an acoustic amp. Not sure how a non-piezo pickup would affect the tone. Anyone know about this? overallrating 4   lineend
name Colin Hendrick review I guess the term toppy describes the sampling range, which picks up the higher notes. If you want to get the right effect, this is a good choice. For those of us, who find acoustic guitars difficult to play, this is solution. Personally I have a lazy blues style and my attempts to play acoustic guitars, too often feels like I am using a manual typewriter. This product does what it says on the box, but sounds better using hum bucker pickups, or if you play a strat, it sounds very good on the middle or neck pickup. Don't use the bridge pickup, as it doesn't sound too good. overallrating 4   lineend
name Gilberto Moreno review  It's amazing how it makes a electric guitar sound just like an electro-acoustic guitar. It's very useful when you don't want to carry two o three guitars, or when you can't buy an acoustic one. It's the best! overallrating 5   lineend
name Jared Burdick review  The Boss AC-3 is a serviceable acoustic simulator. I am the only guitarist and in my playing environment (children's church) and frequently need to switch back and forth between acoustic and electric. The AC3 does that job. Although it has several modes, the Jumbo mode seems to be most useful. Played through a carefully EQ'd amp, you can get a tone comparable to a plugged in acoustic electric with very bright settings. There is an audible hiss, less noticeable plugged direct into PA, noticeable plugged into a good, clean tube amp, out of control with humbuckers or solid states.The key to using this pedal is using it correctly.First and foremost: use single coils. Tested with a Les Paul with Burstbucker Pro's, the hiss was overwhelming. Played with an American Deluxe Strat with N3 Noiseless pups in the 3rd position, it actually performed very well on a crystal clean channel.Point two - any form of gain will create a ton of hiss.Point three - tube amps perform infinitely better than solid state amps (tested through a Frontman 212 and Vox Pathfinder vs an Orange Tiny Terror and Fender HRD).The AC3 is not a set it and forget it pedal. Based on the volume of the amp and the room you're in, you will need to tweek the EQ to find that tone. I've read that you can use an EQ pedal to get the same tones, I haven't found that to be the case. If your use for this pedal is to cover acoustic parts in a pinch, or in my case as the only guitar player, to switch from acoustic to electric parts quickly, this is a great fit.-2 stars for ever present  hiss, +3 for actually sounding like an acoustic when it's EQ'd correctly. overallrating 3   lineend
name Johnny Guitar review  SummaryAcoustic sounds &#34;ok&#34;, but noisy in weird ways. I returned it. Price seems high for what it is and vs. alternatives in the marketplace.Pros- Boss case is metal, mechanical design is durable- standard 9V power, and the power jack is on the back where it belongs.- variety of acoustic sounds possible. (personally, I only thought 1 of them sounded realistic at all though)Cons- fizzy noise integrated with notes played (or chords)- generally kind of noisy in the pedal chain- While I have several Boss pedals, I think they always make the knobs too small and the font/print too small. I prefer pedals with larger and fewer knobs that can be tweaked with your toe if needed while playing.Details:The basic concept is good. I had an AC-2 (prior model) and sold it because it had a noise problem where there was a fizzy noise when you play a note. It wasn't in between the notes or when not playing, it was integrated with the sound of every note you played (or chord) and you could not filter it. It was also just noisy in the pedal chain. Adjusting your guitar volume down for higher gain pickups helps some. However, I sold that model because I didn't want the pedal in the chain with everything else and I wasn't happy with the sound. At the time, the AC-2's were selling for about $85 new. Boss since redesigned AND raised the price significantly on the AC-3.I bought the AC-3 hoping they had improved the issues of the AC-2 -- and they did, a little. But not enough to keep it. I returned it after a week because it still has the same basic issues, just not as pronounced. I think the AC-3 could work for gigging, but there are other choices that sound as good for $25 instead of $130 to $150 (with tax and/or shipping) so to me, the boss pedal is overpriced and not that great.I opted for a Behringer acoustic modeller instead. They make two -- a &#34;300&#34; and a &#34;400&#34;. The 400 has reverb on the pedal. I opted for the 300 and got it for $25. I expect the durability will be lower on the Behringer than the Boss as it has a plastic case. However, this is an effect I pull out just once in a while and since I can buy 4 or 5 or 6 Behringers for the price of a Boss....if it breaks...I'll just buy another.I also have a Boss GT-100 multi-effects unit. You can get the same or similar acoustic modelling sounds out of that, out of the Behringer or out of the Boss AC-3. The least cost effective of those choices is the AC-3 - and it has noise issues the other two don't have.I'm not saying its a bad pedal, I'm just saying it wasn't the best choice for me when considering the cost, the sounds, and my usage model. If they would fix the noise issues, I might have even kept it. I did opt to keep the Behringer for those times I'm using a discrete pedal board and want an acoustic model effect. This Boss pedal just didn't work that well for me. overallrating 2   lineend
name AncientRocker review As with all Boss / Roland products, the Boss FS-6 performs as designed. I purchased it to control both my Boss ME 20 Multi effects pedal and my Fender Blues Jr amp. The A switch (in non latching mode) allows me to cycle through stored effects banks in my ME 20 and the B switch (in latching mode) allows me engage and disengage the FAT (overdrive) switch on my Blues Jr Amp. Everything works exactly as planned. The FS-6 rugged, compact (fits right into my into ME 20 carrying case) and easy to use.I read a few reviews where people were complaining about batteries...something to complain about. As with most guitar players I don't use batteries in my effects pedals I use an 9 volt AC/DC adapter. Visual Sound offers the \"One Spot\" AC/DC adapter kit that has a 9 volt battery snap connector adapter. I removed the battery cover, then using a small rat tail file I carefully cut a notch in the battery cover for the snap connector to pass through. I then put rubber feet (purchased at ACE Hardware) on the bottom to allow the snap connector cable...battery problem solved.I also use the FS-6 as a sustain pedal for my Yamaha YPG 225 portable grand piano and a control for my RC-3 Loop Station simultaneously. The possibilities are limited only to your imagination. It is somewhat expensive but it is a Great Product!! If you need a duel switch then I highly recommend purchasing the FS-6. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bill Lewey review  Neither delighted nor disappointed.  I have not found it to be intuitive to use and the battery compartment is a joke, but otherwise the construction is good.  I dont use it very much because I havent really figured out what I want to do with it, and it is too big to fit in my briefcase full of blues harps, so I have the behringer A/B switch doing the job there. overallrating 3   lineend
name D. Craton review I needed a footswitch for a variety of applications to include an acoustic amp, guitar amps, and other guitar/audio gear.  Built like a tank and completely configurable.  Well done again, Roland! overallrating 5   lineend
name F. Jones review I bought this pedal as a companion to my Roland AC-33 Acoustic Amp.  The pedal on its face looks like a good piece of equipment and feels quite sturdy.  However you do have to use a 9 volt batter to make it operate.  This is totally unnecessary for a foot-switch.  The worst part is the leads on the battery connector (9 volt) were not properly soldered or had shorted out.  The only way I could get it to function was to let the 9volt battery dangle just right and connection would be made.  For the rather high asking price and the limited function that is needed (i.e. all that has to work are two switches and a battery) you would think that Boss would put out a better product.  I also found that the battery cover was extremely cheap and was difficult to close, leading me to believe that the durability of the cover was in question.  I would HIGHLY recommend that you look to another maker for a switch or consider constructing one yourself with readily available parts that can be purchased on this site. overallrating 1   lineend
name knup0127 review I use this pedal in tandem with my APC-40 and map the buttons to various controls in Ableton.  The foot switch opens the door to more organic sound live performances with a prepared track.  The polarity switches are nice, however the momentary/latch switches are what makes this unit so compatible with my DAW. Some functions such as play and stop are momentary functions, other functions such as track on/off are toggle/latch functions.  Without a foot switch that can toggle between the two, applications are limited certain functions.  I use the footswitch for a variety of applications, in a variety of songs with different arrangements.  If I could hook up more than one of these to my controller, I'd have about four of them, but the one is so nice on its own. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lip Davis review I bought it to use with my Boss ME-70. I use the to go up and down through my banks I have programmed on the ME-70. Build like a tank. Simply to use. Simply to hook up. I hear it can be used on other Boss and Roland gear. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark review Works well.  Very well constructed.  Would it kill ya to add an on/off switch so that the batteries don't run down?  Other than that, it's perfect! overallrating 4   lineend
name michaelht1 review being new to guitar this is just way too much fun, makes my playing acutally sound like I may know what I am doing, easy to setup and easy to use overallrating 5   lineend
name crazy finger magic review Could be more tapered for such a tiny pick. But the material is AWESOME. Nice grip even more so when I sweat. overallrating 4   lineend
name David McCarthy review I play metal so I need a strong pick (the Jazz III models) and this one also has a texture (Ultex) that makes it easier to hold onto/keep it in the right position. Second time I bought these. overallrating 5   lineend
name GJack review The yellow material has a rough texture coated over it that gives it a nice rubbery grip with a smooth snappy tone! overallrating 5   lineend
name Hagen LeBray review Nice picks.  A bit small for my preference.  Great for picking, kind of harsh for strumming,  Quality seems top-notch.  Some guitarists will love these. overallrating 4   lineend
name Hitthespot review I have moved on to the Carbon Fiber and 3mm Lexan Jazz III picks but these Ultex picks are also very nice.  They are a little less bright than the Carbon Fiber Picks which in some cases is actually preferrable.  In my opinion (At least at the moment) the Jazz III picks are right at the top of the list with the best picks you can buy.  Once you get used to the small size there is no going back.  The large picks feel like your holding a refrigerator. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jorge Maciel A. Dias review  This Ultex Jazz 3 it's very cool, your durability is very high and I'm feel very comfortable to play with it... overallrating 5   lineend
name Marc review If you are fan of the Jazz III you will definitely like the Ultex version.  From my experience, the Ultex has the sound and feel of Tortex but without the \"memory\" aka wear.  The Ultex is thicker than the standard nylong Jazz III's and only when directly compared will you notice that the Ultex version has a slightly larger gripping surface.Five stars for being a better Jazz III.  However, the prices for these on amazon are absurd.  I got mine through musiciansfriend for around $2 shipped. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael A. Rammel review  I already liked the Jazz 3 picks by Dunlop, these made from the Ultex material sound so much better, and the surface of the pick is nice,even with sweaty fingers,they stay put. I do pick scrapes alot and there is no sign of wear on the edges of the pick. Sweet !!!!! These are clear yellow picks I would love to see them in red, that would be brutal!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul Hawthorne review  IDK why GC does not carry these. Annoying. Great pick! Worth buying a baggie. If you like the ultex feel but hate the in store larger only ones, get these. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick review  Firm pick, just the perfect size and keeps a sharp tip.  Once you try these picks you never go back. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rock Daisy review This is a nice pick, thicker and easy to hold on to.  I like the size (smaller than your regular picks) and the tone it allows me to obtain on my guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Surferofromantica review  A very nice pick, both in feel and texture (the design is a bit boring, though). Only complaint is that it's fairly small - about the size of a Canadian or US five cent piece, where most of your typical guitar pick are bigger - about the size of a 25 cent piece. But that's okay. I got this the same time as I got a set of Dava Jazz Grip 9024 red picks and the Dunlop Max Grip Jazz III Carbon Fiber Guitar Picks, and I think I like the Dava picks the best. All three are &#34;tight grip&#34; picks, and all the same size - they're all good, though - I'd rate this one next-best, and the Jazz III Carbon Fiber next after that). overallrating 5   lineend
name Tachyon review Great picks, not just for Jazz though. I play pretty much everything and these work really well for most styles. Takes a little getting used to the smaller size and feel, but once you do they are fantastic. overallrating 5   lineend
name xeal review  ever since I saw a vid with mark tremonti where he says that he heard a lot of musicians used Jazz 3 picks, and after having tried them that he simply couldn't use an other pick.. I decided to try them out.. and I fell instantly in love with the regular jazz III picks!I always had issues holding picks and keeping them &#34;put&#34; while i played and the jazz III was no exception so it didn't bother me..Meaning I didn't really feel like there was a problem other than me, being that problem... Then I read about this new Ultex thingyit looked like a jazz III and every one seemed to like it..sooo I figured why not have a go at it... I was skeptical about this &#34;impossible to drop&#34; thing which I read..so i was dieing to feel them... Well they came.. i tried them and after playing for a while I didn't even notice that I hadn't once readjusted my pick..... NOT ONCE ... it was like there was no pick.. i started paying closer attn and more and more i realized that this thing really is what its hyped up to be... it stays there... to me that's just freaking incredible! holy @#$@%# wow! I love this thing love it love it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Captn' Bob review I have always trusted the Graph Tech TUSQ products and this is no different.  The compensation for this saddle was almost spot on with little adjustment needed. overallrating 4   lineend
name kwb review I replaced a bone non-compensated saddle of my parlor sized guitar with this.This is a convenient product as the thing is already close to final thickness you need, you don't need to change the compensation much if at all,  the material sands easier than bone, polishes well, and the tone is really good.A little careful sanding/polishing and the guitar was ready to play. I like the product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael review  I had to make some adjustments on the neck of my Martin d-28 and remove the bridge pickup. This left the saddle too low to the neck.  I researched the \"Tusq\" products and found enough people impressed to give it a try.  I'm pleased to say I find more ring through the body and a better sustain.  I'll do this to my other acoustics as time goes on. overallrating 5   lineend
name Stephen Jones review  I bought a tusq nut and this tusq saddle for an Aria acoustic which can be a nice sounding guitar. The difference is quite noticeable and good. The guitar is a modest model but it is a player with a \"better than a lot more expensive guitars\" sound. I had a bone nut that cracked which is why I tried these replacements. In my estimation the sound is clearer, brighter and louder. The price seemed high for a little chunk of \"plastic\" but the difference in sound leaves me satisfied. overallrating 5   lineend
name TonyTee review When I purchased this I'd seriously hoped that it would make a real difference to the tone of my guitar. Guess what? As far as I can tell, there is no difference whatsoever between this saddle and the original the guitar came with. This is NOT worth the money. overallrating 2   lineend
name A. M. Steiner review I purchased the plastic and it worked fine but the notes were not as distinguished as the TUSQ. I did have to sand to make it fit. That may sound badm but I am glad because it's better than too small. I did not purchase this from amazon but sweetwater in case you were wondering. overallrating 5   lineend
name Benjamin Babeshkin review Replaced the plastic saddle in my Yamaha F335BL. Had to file it to make it thinner, and filed it down to make it shorter than the old saddle, this made the action a bit lower and made it easier to play for a beginner. It did change the sound of the guitar, it sounds fuller, and the sustain is longer. overallrating 5   lineend
name Captn' Bob review The compensation built into this saddle makes another hit with GraphTech TUSQ products for me.  They have done the hard work, just needed some personal fine adjustments and good to go.  Good sound quality for not being bone. overallrating 4   lineend
name CruiseTraveler review I selected this to replace the cheap plastic Saddle that came on my Fender acoustic. This was a tremendous upgrade and made a difference in the tone and 'brightness' of the sound. This was easy to install and comes with easy to understand instructions. overallrating 4   lineend
name David Burch review TUSQ saddles and nuts are the best synthetic out there. All my stringed instruments have been fitted with TUSQ parts. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Oliver review I installed this saddle in my Silvertone SD10.  If you have a lower end guitar, this will make a huge difference.  I had to sand it down some in all directions.  I did the length first, then thickness and finally the height.  I used 220 grit sandpaper. The directions are in the package. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark Crabtree review This is a great product, just not for me. I found it brightened my tone way too much and I went back to plastic. Gave my guitar a bad metallic sound, and I lost bottom end. overallrating 3   lineend
name Marty German review  A little patients sanding the saddle to fit my 1973 vintage Guild (better fit than the plastic original that it replaced!) and the sound expanded beyond my expectations! I also replaced the bridge pins with Tusq made ones and the nut was already made from bone. overallrating 5   lineend
name N1ZW Rob review What can you say about GraphTech that isn't good for a product is a awesome and improves the sound playing of older and newer guitars with plastic saddles. GraphTech works. Make sure you know which style you guitar takes and buy it and for the price I payed I got ten pieces! Wow! Awesome. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ricky Shows review The GraphTech PQ-9280-C0 TUSQ Fully Compensated Acoustic Guitar Saddle will replace any broken or worn saddle to give you a very food sound that may require just a little sanding to make it fit perfect for your guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Morton review  Having recently purchased an Epiphone EL-00 I went about changint the bridge pins and bridge itself from the installed plastic units to Graph Tech's Tusq material. It is hard to emphasize just how much they have improved the tone of what was a very good instrument to begine with. The top resonates with a greater sustain due to the vibrational transfer of the Tusq bridge and pins, the note to note defination went from very good to exceptional. This was one of the best modifications I have made to an instrument in many years of tweaking my instruments. I have a nut on the way to complete the upgrade...I can barely wait. I highly recommend this product it will give your instrument a new voice. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ryan C. Morris review i have a tired 16 year old lefty acoustic guitar that needed some love.  i decided to replace the saddle with this one.. and it required some dremeling/sanding to get it to sit correctly.  it was easy to do - and now my guitar has no buzzing on any of the frets and it sounds great with new strings.  it also brightened up the saddle/bridge because my old saddle was turning yellow and not too nice looking.  this one is an ivory-ish color and it is really nice. overallrating 5   lineend
name Superlead777 review Installed this on an old Aria dreadnough I found in a dumpster.Cleaned it up,buffed the finish out,tweaked the truss rod a bit and installed this saddle with new Dunlop  12's and this is one of my prize acoustic's now.Thanx GraphTech! overallrating 5   lineend
name F. Jones review Got to admit I was a little intimidated by the installation process when I was shopping for this pickup.  But when I got the box I was pleasantly suprised to find excellent instructions (not too long, not too short) along with plenty of supplies to complete the instillation properly.  The jig method is super easy and provided great results.  I was really excited to try out the pickup so I plugged it into my Roland AC-33 and let her rip, it was awsome, very full and very representative of my guitars sound.  K&K you have a convert in me.  I am now thinking about trying this on my Martin! overallrating 5   lineend
name Jarrett Venturini review So based on the reviews from Amazon, and a friend who swears by these pickups, I decided to put one into my 310 Taylor.I am extremely pleased!  This was my brother's guitar, and he had a Mcyntire soundboard transducer installed by his local guitar shop.  It sounded terrible.  I tried messing with placement to get it to sound better, but it just didn't sound good, had tons of feedback, and just didn't have a good feel.I installed this pickup myself.  I have installed a few pickups in a few different guitars, and this one was pretty painless.I didn't have to drill out the endpin hole, so it only took me about 20 minutes to install this bad boy.When I tested it out I was blown away.  It sounded beautiful!  Just like my Taylor, only louder!The true test was an actual live performance.  I brought my Baggs Para Acoustic D.I. and I was glad I did.I was able to adjust the EQ just a tad, cut some of the mid-range a bit, and it sounded even better!I could not believe it.  It literally gave me chills.If you're on the fence about this pickup, go for it!  The reviews don't lie, this sounds fantastic, especially if you can EQ it a bit.I did plug in without the PADI, just to test it and it still sounded good.  If I forgot my PADI I would have no qualms about playing this straight into a system.  It might be labeled as passive, but it's got the volume of an active system for sure!It's a great buy in my opinion. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joel Fritz review  I have K&K pickups in other guitars.  This is the first one I've bought that had the smaller transducers.  It needs a preamp unlike the now discontinued Pure Western with the larger transducers.  Like other K&K pickups it sounds darned good.  With a decent PA head and good speakers you can get a very natural sound with hardly any tweaking.  The pickup is easy to install if you can ream out the end pin hole to accommodate the strap jack.  This one comes with an ingenious DIY installation jig made from, I'm not kidding, cardboard, golf tees, and double sided tape.  It makes placement a snap.  The best pickup is still an external mic, but for noisy situations where feedback is a problem these pickups are the answer.  You can induce feedback but you can go to an adequate level for most situations.  They sound much more natural than a magnetic or under saddle pickup. overallrating 5   lineend
name jsnchmpn review I put this in a $200 guitar.  I have a Recording King (RD-06) that sounds so good, that I wanted to use it for live gigs.  So I popped in this K&K.  I ran it through my SWR California Blonde II acoustic amp.  If you have been wanting an acoustic guitar to have that &#34;miked&#34; when you plug it in, this is as close as it gets!  I recommend getting a sound-hole cover if you play with a band, but you will not be disappointed.  The installation can be a little tricky, but with a little patience and reading, anybody can install it.  If you don't feel comfortable, just go pay a local luthier to install it for $30, or ask your grandmother for help :P overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Ray review This pick-up sounds good and does actually sound like the guitar acoustically.  It does pick up percussive noise which you don't get with under saddle pickups.  It is prone to feedback in very loud situations if you don't use a sound hole cover.  Over all I'm please because I was able to install myself and it was simple.  You do need to use an external pre-amp, but even with piezo pick-ups that is usually the norm.  The directions that comes with the pickup are very thorough and the company is helpful if you have questions.  The only change I had to make to my guitar was making the end pin jack bigger and that was easy too. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mike review  Installed one on my CF Martin, almost leaving a thumb super-glued to the inside of the guitar. An interesting experience - would have been almost comical to arrive in the emergency room with my thumb stuck to the inside of the guitar. I'm sure that some of my DNA still resides in the guitar.Bought another for my brand new Taylor GS Mini Mahogany after hearing what a great acoustic sound was coming from the CF Martin through a brand new Kustom Sienna Pro30 acoustic guitar amp from Amazon. I've read that folks prefer the K&K; over the made-for-the-GS-Mini-Taylor-pickup.Get it. overallrating 5   lineend
name MQ review Disapointed. The sensors are not providing a clear full bright sound. It sound muffled. I will have to replace it soon. overallrating 2   lineend
name Robert review I have these in three guitars after trying out some undersaddle and sound hole pickups. Some peope miss the &#34;quack&#34; ,electric guitar type sound from these other types. I do not. I also like that the bridge and saddle do not have to be modified ,nor is any battery required. I run it through a Baggs Para-acoustic preamp or my Fishman Aura.It really has to be installed by a professional repairman to be sure the sensors are located correctly.Product was delivered safely and promptly. overallrating 4   lineend
name sam sultan review I use a late 70's yamaha steel string with this going into an LR Baggs Para DI and it works amazingly well. The sound is impeccable. But you can't expect to just plug it in and go. You'll need a feedback buster and a good preamp. But it really does the job, good tone. overallrating 4   lineend
name CLKiii review I bought this to have at home or when I travel; my full size stand stays at church. I have a new Martin 12-string that I did not want lying on the floor. This folds flat (maybe 2&#8221; thick) has a wide secure base and fits in the bag I carry my other gear in quite well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Renbutsu review The Hercules Travlite Guitar Stand is an average stand in my opinion.  It does hold up the acoustic guitar and it is very portable but I'd keep your guitar and stand out away and close to a corner, if you value your guitar.  Not a specific knock on the Hercules but most low and portable stands like this, are the same, they do keep the guitar up but a careless bump can knock it down.  You may be careful around it, but it's hard to say for others nearby.  For a cheap guitar, I wouldn't mind using this, but for a more expensive guitar, no thanks.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help. overallrating 3   lineend
name Robert I. Hedges review I own two Hercules GS302B stands for my electric guitars, and I couldn't be happier with them. When I needed an acoustic stand I turned to the Hercules GS301B and have no regrets. At the forefront of my purchasing decision was the safety of my guitars. Not only do stands have to hold guitars securely, they shouldn't harm the finishes of the instrument. Unfortunately many stands will harm the nitrocellulose lacquer on many higher-end guitars; since I have two guitars of this nature, protecting them was of the utmost import to me. Fortunately these stands protect most nitrocellulose finishes, and I have never had problems with mine. The stands themselves (both varieties) fold up to be very compact if you need portability, and support the guitar very securely. I don't gig with these guitars, so portability was not paramount to me, but stability was: these stands are extremely stable and are very sturdy (mine reside on a carpeted floor, and I have never had any issues with them tipping over.) Some people may not love the yellow and black \"bumble bee\" coloration, but I actually find it whimsically industrial. I am completely happy with all three of my Hercules stands: they are safe, portable, rugged, and won't hurt the finish on most guitars. If I need another guitar stand, it's a good bet I will buy another Hercules. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robin Lopate review This is a nice, sturdy well made guitar stand.  It is great for gigs as it is small and travels lightly. overallrating 5   lineend
name Skippy review This thing is relatively heavy for such a small stand.  Of course one might think that would translate into sturdy, and one would be correct.  Super simple to use.  No buttons, levers, or knobs. Just pop it open.  It doesn't have an actual mechanical locking feature, but the design is such that if you fully open the outside legs they will basically lock in place.  It holds my acoustic securely, and I have no fear that it's going to tip over on its own.  When you're done, just nudge the outer legs to \"unlock\" them and it's super easy to fold back up.I had a Fender mini acoustic stand, but it didn't fold flat enough to fit nicely in my gig bag so I figured I would try this one.  I am quite happy as it does in fact fold flatter.  HOWEVER..... I can only give it four stars because when folded the three back feet stack up and give it about a 2.75\" thickness.  If Hercules could have figured a way to avoid that, this baby would truly fold as flat as a magazine.  It's still pretty flat and takes up less room in my bag, but I think the Marketing guys used a little creative license with that description.  (Either that or they're comparing it to the Cosmo year end recap issue.) Still a great little stand and I would buy it again if needed. overallrating 4   lineend
name C. Erikson review  I got this to plug into my computer. It comes with a wealth of programs and amp combos. The unit itself works as planned even though i think i may stick with Sonar as far as a editor. Sorry Behringer maybe later. The quality and durability are there 100% well worth what i paid for. overallrating 4   lineend
name CRG review  I was excited to get this product and use my electric guitar with garageband.This product plugs into the usb port and the guitar plugs into the 1/4&#34; port (the product specs does not show or say 1/4 plug port).My product has an orange USB light instead of a blue one. The support people at Behringer tell me that they changed the color to match their logo (sounds like BS to me).The problem I had and the reason I bought this is that I tried plugging my guitar directly into the computer with a 1/4-1/8 adapter chord. It works but the levels are too low. When I received this, I was hopeful that the levels would be higher and they are, but not by much. It is a step up from the adapter, but far from professional. I'd say the level is beginner/intro level sound and quality.I bought a &#34;like new&#34; product describing faded or damaged packaging. When it arrived, the pkg box was dented (I don't care) and product looked new inside. But, all the instructions described a blue USB light and CD of driver and recording software which this did not come with. Behringer gave me a link to download. I assure you it's crapware and beware. For the mac, garageband is far better and easier to use.Rock out! overallrating 3   lineend
name Dako review  I was previously using a Rocksmith USB Cable, but wanted a specific cable for my iMac. This unit definitely fits the bill, and from what I can hear when playing, has an even lower latency than the RS cable. I was getting a little unwanted slapback with the RS cable, but this unit seems to have taken care of that. It's also quite nice to have a headphone jack right up front for quiet practice times.The software that comes with this Interface is a joke, and is about as useful as an AOL disc. Since I use Logic Pro X and MainStage 3 it wasn't a loss to me, but if you are buying this interface for the fact it comes with &#34;Amp Tones&#34;, you might want to look somewhere else. I couldn't even get the software to load on my 2013 iMac. overallrating 3   lineend
name Ingrid Shelton review Use this to record my guitar on Garage Band.  Works and sounds really good.  I would recommend it.  Great value overallrating 5   lineend
name Kim K. review This product has turned out to be great with few exceptions.  It comes with three amplifier software packages and says you have the license to turn on any one of the three, not true.  The license included only works for one amp, the AC box combo and not the other two, you need to purchase the license for them.  Plus the instructions for getting the system installed and operational are poor.  You cannot run the output through your sound card to your PC speakers due to latency.  You must use the headphone jack on the interface.  In addition if you are in an austere environment and can't get to the internet to register your product immediately you are out of luck trying to make it work.  Once you overcome all of these obstacles it is a good little product. overallrating 4   lineend
name overbybr review I use this to practice at my computer to keep from disturbing my wife when she is studying or my daughter when she is sleeping. Great little box! overallrating 5   lineend
name Salvatore Quaglieri review I ordered this so I could plug my guitar into my computer and record music. Works well. Quality German manufacturing as always. Nice. I would definitely recommend this. It worked with my windows 7 starter, Acer netbook. overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review The Behringer UCG102 device is an aging (yet affordable) piece of hardware that offers the intriguing option of plugging your guitar directly into the USB port of a computer.  This opens up a number of possibilities for recording or simply for playing with headphones.  For the budget player, it could be argued that a mere $32 investment unlocks a world of free amp modeling and recording possibilities.However, while the actual hardware is compact and seems function properly, there are some significant problems here.  First and foremost, there is the problem of getting the device to work, getting the software to recognize it, and configuring it to run without significant \"latency\" (which is a delay effect where you don't hear a played note immediately when it's played, which can make monitoring anywhere from frustrating to impossible).  The UCG102 runs on an ASIO driver.  They include an older version with the software, and you can snoop around online and find other options.  But that doesn't mean it will necessarily work with your software, or work well if it does.  For example, Audacity is a popular \"freeware\" program you can use to record and mix audio files on the computer.  I've been told that Audacity doesn't work with ASIO drivers, and when I got it to record, the latency issues rendered it unusable.You do receive two other software options with the device.  The first is energyXT2, which I believe includes a license for the compact version.  In theory, this program should work like Audacity and contains a number of amp models and effects, in addition to drum and bass track loops.  However, I have had little luck figuring out how to monitor and record with this program.  I'm sure it CAN work, but if you need a computer science degree to figure it out, that's really not ideal for a budget product.The second item is a trial disc with Guitar Combos by Native Instruments.  So far, this has been the most impressive of the options offered.  You can demo three different amp simulators (Vox, Fender, and Marshall) and then enter a code to unlock one of the three.  I like that it gives you an interface similar to a real guitar amp, which allows you to dial in some realistic tones.  It's also the only program I've been able to get the headphone jack to play through both ears in (there are problems with recognizing mono vs. stereo).  I adjusted the sound quality to get latency down to 8 miliseconds, which is just into the range where I don't notice it as a problem.  Still, while the models sound good, I'm not sure how often I would bother plugging into my computer just to do basic playing and recording.Shortly after ordering this device, I discovered that my sound card has a blue \"line in\" audio jack on the back.  By running a simple 1/8\" to 1/4\" audio cable from my pedal board to the sound card, I can do direct recording, which is monitored through my computer speakers (no latency) and sounds great.  Even better, this method works through Audacity and allows me to record and layer tracks.  If the UCG102 worked as advertised, it would be a more convenient way of doing this, but I simply can't recommend it for most people.  I feel like there's \"4-star\" potential somewhere in this device, but I doubt I'll ever have the patience to unlock it.  3 stars. overallrating 3   lineend
name Superlead777 review ..it works.But expect some flaws.First,finding a driver to use was a pain.It doesn't come with a software disc,so look on Behringer's support site for driver download.Whatever driver you do use it kills all other audio,you can't run any other media player and get sound.My advice is unless you have a dedicated PC or laptop for using this...get something else. overallrating 2   lineend
name Amazon Customer review It is a good price, works fine to connect my wha wha pedal to my ampli.4 stars because nothing is perfect but I'm happy with it overallrating 4   lineend
name AMlevesque review sturdy, strong, good quality cable for guitar, especially like  the fit with the right angle plug. would purchase again if need bd overallrating 5   lineend
name Andy Clark review Works fine.  Good value overallrating 4   lineend
name Anne Brody review I use this cable a lot, and it has stood the test of time. If it matters to you, the white ends are very, well, white. They look nice in the product photos, but sometimes clash with certain guitars and stomp boxes colors/designs. Just saying... overallrating 5   lineend
name Anthony J. review A good quality cable to use while playing sitting, to go down to my processor on the floor in front of me. The angle goes up tight to the floor unit and out of the way and 5 feet is plenty. Great cable! I use Fender's 15 foot angle plug from the processor to my amp because stepping on the plugs can break the jacks. overallrating 5   lineend
name Antidote review This cable is quality, no crackling, strong connections and hard metal. Maybe not top of the line but definitely acceptable. overallrating 5   lineend
name applegd07 review I like this cable for it has an angled plug. It is not that long but no complaints. It works as it should and does well. overallrating 5   lineend
name bean review  wish i would have bought  4 of the 20 footersgoing to buy more of them for sure they are great guitar cables overallrating 5   lineend
name Bill Lewey review  i use this cable to patch a preamp to an amp.  it works really well.  having the two different style of ends gives you good options when putting a system together. overallrating 5   lineend
name Billy The Kid review Not too much to say about a cable.  It worked out of the box...no shorts or noises. The jacket on the straight plug was partly unscrewed and that's a continuing problem with these cords.  I use some thread-lock on them.  I find the right angle plugs useful for lots of things. overallrating 4   lineend
name BRIAN HICKS review I use this 5 footer between my guitar pedals and amp. I do move it around plug and unplug it often and after two months of daily use it works as well as it did when it was brand new. I was initially concerned when I first received the cable that it would not last. The cable is not as fat as I had hoped, however the ends are solid and sturdily built. I usually use Mogami Gold cables and do so because budget cables are crap and only last a month or so, if that long.  This Hosa Cable is a very good cable and I even chose to use Hosa jumper cables between my over drives and effects pedals. They last. overallrating 4   lineend
name chris araza review highly recommend to everyone. this is a good quality cable and never have any issues whatsoever, highly recommend to everyone. overallrating 4   lineend
name CJB review  Believe this 5 feet Cable is no small thing. The Jacks are high quality construction. Very very durable. The cable itself is thinker that ordinary guitar cable. I plan on enjoying this Cable for many many years. I'm glad I bought it, and thanks to Amazon who made it available. overallrating 5   lineend
name Coder10 review  works great and to me its cheap. cant see why you would buy a more expensive guitar cable.Highly recomended overallrating 4   lineend
name Dave review A VERY handy item. Great for sitting by your practice amp when you don't want to be bothered with stepping all over your 10footers.  The wire could be a little heavier but you can't beat the value. The plugs are the standard screw-down type with well soldered  joints.  I've used this, now, for quite a while and have no problems nor complaints with this cord. overallrating 5   lineend
name David W review  I thought I was buying the 10 footer and realize I ordered the 5 footer too late.  Let's be honest here, what good is a 5 foot amp chord unless you're sitting on the amp?  My bad..I never would have ordered this as it costs the same money for the 10 footers as it does for the 5 footers.  I would not recommend buying a 5 footer unless you practice in a closet. overallrating 3   lineend
name Derek James review If you need a well made cable in a short length, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend these.  Buy one now. overallrating 5   lineend
name Filipe N. Marques review  5 feet is a weird length for a cable. It really only has one use: When you're sitting right next to your practice amp. Just don't wander too far off! This cable is perfect for a kid who is going to his/her guitar lesson and has to plug in.I bought two of these for the home studio to jack in a guitar with a pedal or two in between. I feel chained to my workstation. Just my experience. Get a 10 foot and be free!Hope it helps. overallrating 3   lineend
name GJack review These cables are VERY good. The metal heads at both ends are of excellent quality and you can unscrew the grip to change the pins. There is no play when I plug these into my guitar nor are they too tight- that is, the pin diameter is perfect! There's also a white protective hard paper at both ends to prevent internal short due to fatigue (which is how I lost the last two cables and which would be expected from daily guitar practice) overallrating 5   lineend
name Grenics review These cables work well for my guitar, keyboard and drums.  They appear to hold up well under constant moving.  I will be getting more. overallrating 4   lineend
name Gutjammer review I used to have bulk 18 gauge wire, and Switchcraft jacks, to make my own cables. These Hosa cables probably use 22 to 24 gauge wire, but are adequate for the price. The heat shrink strain reliefs are adequate as well. I recommend tightening the housing, because everyone of mine were loose. overallrating 4   lineend
name Hagen LeBray review This cable seems top-notch to me.  Some complaints I heard had to do with this brand not lasting.  (Of course, those guys abuse their equipment.)  Maybe that will be something I'll encounter, but this cable appears to be very well made--and it works great.  I take very good care of my gear, so I expect this one to last.  Only gave it four out of five because I'd rate some other cables slightly higher.  This a great cable, the length is perfect for practice, and I'd buy another. overallrating 4   lineend
name Highmember review a ver nice and powerfull product for the mans health really reccomend this item if you are a truly music chosen one overallrating 5   lineend
name Igneous review Awe... it might have deserved 5 stars had it had a chance to prove itself. But I did buy another that I still have but it is still in it's original packaging as a back up for my other cords. Until i break it out and use it hard for 6 months I have nothing else to say here. overallrating 4   lineend
name ixd735 review Construction and Use: 5/5The connectors and shielding on these cables are good and do not introduce much noise into a system.The manufacturer has done a good job on this cable, but the user is responsible for two things (this addresses complaints I see in other reviews):1) Take care of your cables. The right angle plug side is much stronger than the straight plug side; this is by design. Take good care of your cables and it should last you quite a long time. This includes taking the time to store them for use.2) Make sure you know what length you need for a cable. The shorter the cable, the better for studio use. It reduces signal travel time and potential for interference (though these cables are shielded so the latter concern is moot). If you need a longer cable, buy a longer cable. Don't buy what is advertised as 5' cable and then write a negative review when you really needed a 15' cable. overallrating 5   lineend
name JdoubleH review Bought two for a shockingly low price that I couldn't beat anywhere- even at double the price. Quality cable, sturdy  user serviceable connectors, well constructed, and 6 months of daily use with no issues. What more can you ask for? overallrating 5   lineend
name jespi59jr review I bought this cable, because my guitar connection is in the back. This Just fix perfectly! I don't expected nothing better, this is just right. Glad I chose to purchase this cable. overallrating 5   lineend
name jinx review Bought these to replace the ones that I had previously ordered from another vendor.  These have good shielding not like the others. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kim K. review I've purchased several of these in different lengths and styles and never had a problem but this one is giving me some minor difficulties with connection.  Like a loose connection. overallrating 3   lineend
name LARRY review I will use this cable to connect my guitars to a portable amp. The quality is great, price is right and delivered on time. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lytle3891 review This is a great cable at a good price. I works well without the extra noise you get with some cheap cables. I have been playing guitar for many years and would recomend this cable. overallrating 5   lineend
name MetalFan review This cable works for me in the tuner out jack of my amp. I noticed how thin the cable is, but the length is good for my needs. I  have played through the cable once and found it sub par compared to my other cables, which are professional grade and cost a lot more, but this is a cheap cable and sounds like any other cable of this caliber. I use the right angle to hook up to my jazz  bass during rehearsal where long cables at times bunch up and become cumbersome in a studio setting. overallrating 3   lineend
name Michael A. Johnson review I use this cable between my fender blues jr and a ditto x2 looper, it works great and the angled jack puts less stress on the cable and input jack overallrating 5   lineend
name Paula Gallagher review Showed up in two days and it works great, looks solid, nice construction, quality cord w/ right angle for $7, yea!! :D overallrating 5   lineend
name Playgolfandtennis review This is good for the money.  It is short, but works with the small amp that I purchased.  I am done overallrating 5   lineend
name Randy V. Brown review These are good quality cables at an economical price. The difference between Hosa, and my high end cables are barely noticeable. The cable shipped fast, and I couldn't be more pleased. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard R. Casper review Unless you're going to get a very expensive professional chord this is just as good as any other and works great for medium sized venues. overallrating 5   lineend
name saint Jimmy review In fact, I don't think this Hosa GTR215R cord lasted 2 hours. One step on the cord and it came apart. This purchase is the very reason why I'm looking to buy a wireless system. Maybe if you're using this to run a PA I would recommend it. But if any performer is hard on their cords I wouldn't recommend this item....but to be fair, I would recommend wireless to any performer. You'll end up saving money over the long haul. overallrating 2   lineend
name sam review This little cable gets used on my practice amp. I love the 90 degree connection. The overall quality seems good and I have had no problems. overallrating 5   lineend
name Scott H. Irving review  Let me be upfront. I often use my electric guitar unplugged. When I am plugged in, I don't move around a lot. So this cord does not get a good frequent use and abusing. But no hum or noise and seems solid. It was very affordable. Can't say how it would perform if used live and in performance all the time, but for the price, I can not complain at all. I suspect it will always work good for me due to its light usage. overallrating 5   lineend
name Smurfie review One for each guitar and they are heavy duty and work great.  I probably didn't need the 15' length, but at the time, this was the only really good cable with 90  angles. overallrating 5   lineend
name stefanj review I got this because I was adding a Pedal to my practice amp.  This runs from my Guitar to the pedal.  Works perfect and the length is just right to reach from the guitar to the pedal.  This is actually my best cable and I think I will soon be upgrading my cheaper cables to these overallrating 5   lineend
name Tony review This is great for adding pedals. You cant go wrong for this item with the price even more so thank you overallrating 4   lineend
name zxrslant review  been using it for a month or 2 now.. had absolutely no problems..good constructio,looks good..angled end is a good fit..price is good. overallrating 4   lineend
name Claudia A. Portillo review cheaper and as good as if they were original Gibson, fit well and look well, tune well everything, get them! overallrating 5   lineend
name Debra Merrill Mccullar review  I bought a set of these to upgrade my Kona K1ETRD, a vast improvement over the old ones, now it stays in tune better and they're very smooth, looks nice too! overallrating 5   lineend
name Parabola review They are grovers.  They keep your guitar in tune with an iron fist lock.  I like the vintage look of these and they go great with my Gibson custom SG.  I have grovers on all but 1 of my guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Slick Rhoads review The low-E tuner on my 1985 LP Standard broke about a week ago - the back came off and the tuning handle popped out. I never liked the ones that were on it but I didn't want to drop the $$$ unless I needed to. I came across these Grovers. They had good reviews and the price was right.Took me about 30 minutes to replace all the tuners and re-string the guitar. The tuners fit perfectly with no modification whatsoever. They also feel more sturdy than the ones I just replaced. It's hard to say if they keep a tune better at this point as I haven't had them on for long enough - they  seem  better, though, as the B string with the old tuners used to always go flat quickly.I decided to use the old screws instead of the new ones that shipped with these Grovers - they fit better (i.e. tighter). Nothing wrong with the new screws, I just like my stuff to be snug. :)I like them and glad I purchased them - so far. overallrating 4   lineend
name ultravega review I installed these on my 2000-ish Epiphone Les Paul.  They provide a VERY noticeable upgrade and provide a true vintage look.  I can tune with much finer precision, and they hold that tuning with even the nastiest of bending.  The ability to accurately tune and keep that tuning allows to play and sound better.  I should note that I had to drill new holes or, more precisely, enlarge the holes on my guitar.  I used a 3/8 drill bit and just went very slowly and carefully.  I'm sure the idea of drilling your guitar might sound scary, but it was actually quite easy.  Now they are in there nice and snug since I made the holes a bit tight. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Jones review  I've tried pretty much every harp out there, after having played the regional blues & jazz circuit for about 10 years.  Lee Oskar harps are the best value.On top of it, Lee Oskar actually called me once just because I left a question on his website!I've met Rick Epping (of Hohner harmonicas) at NAMM -great guy- but he never called me at 3:30 in the afternoon just because I could not identify a song I thought he was playing on!I carry around between 10 or 12 harps to a gig, so that is at least $290 for a set of Lee Oksar harps.10 Suzuki Manji harps, while nice and the phosphor bronze reeds are great, would cost nearly $480 - presuming you could find them.I will not say I've never blown a reed on a LO, but I will say that $22 for a new set of LO reed plates beats $48 for a new Manji, at least in my book.On top of it, all they really did with the Manji is discontinue the \"Bushman Delta Frost\" harmonicas and rename them so they could double the price.Lee Oskar harmonicas are inexpensive, they are simple and cheap to repair, easy to play, have great tone, and are even easy to identify since the 1st & 2nd position keys are printed right on the comb.  That feature is great for beginners who might not be able to keep them straight yet.Give them a shot. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gomer review  s to help me out ,, and i am so glad i got this one it came in a nice plastic case ,not a cardboard box, all throw i did order a case for it,( witch i will use) when i bought this Harmonica,, not shore what harmonica to get on a low budget ,,this is the one,,you won't regret it,, i been around blue's  a long time so heard many harmonica's  ,this one truly sounds good,, overallrating 5   lineend
name M. M. Jackson review I bought this and a Hohner Special 20 key of C harp to test them both out. This harp is a great harp, pretty much the exact same as the Hohner Special 20 in overall quality. \"Feels\" a little more airtight, brighter and louder than the hohner, but in side-by-side testing the effect is diminished.The Hohner Special 20 just seems to have this little extra...expression to it. More life or something.Both harps very bendable, etc. Real high quality.As for the replaceable reed plates...Amazon has this harp marked down to about the $25 level. Reed plate replacements are about $19. Now I realize that at retail that's half the price of a RETAIL harp, but only $6 less than a \"whole new harp\" otherwise.With this in mind, I would generally recommend beginners start with the Hohner Special 20. Just a slightly better or at least more fun-sounding and fun to play harp with a little more animation and expression available \"free\ in my opinion. overallrating 4   lineend
name PH review My son had his eye on a vintage harmonica that my great uncle used in Europe during WW I. Needless to say, I did not want to pass this on to him yet. I figured he could start simpler. I read the reviews of the harmonicas and saw nothing but positive about this instrument. It has a great tone. Its construction is solid. I am sure this will give him years of entertainment. This is not a toy - a great addition to your mouth harp collection. overallrating 4   lineend
name ultravega review I'm a guitarist with a passion for blues, so it was only a matter of time before I was going to pick up the harmonica.  I almost went with some of the cheaper options, but I am extremely pleased with my decision.  It sounds gorgeous (very full and clear), and I've already been able to start bending some notes--which I understand I notoriously hard for beginners on cheap harmonicas.As a blues guitarist I was tempted to buy a harmonica in D or A that, when played in second-position, would allow me to play along with blues songs in A or E (two of the most common blues keys; especially among the songs I like to play).  The second-position for the harp in C is G (not terribly common).  However, I think it is good practice to begin with a harmonica in C, since many of the beginner songs are in C, and the C major scale should be very familiar to most musicians.  In other words, as I'm exploring the notes, they make a lot of sense to me.  At this price, I won't mind buying a D or A when the time comes--it's not like I'm already at a level where I'm dying to play those songs anyway.  And, if I need to, there are a couple of songs I've found in G (e.g., Work Song by Butterfield).  That song along should keep my practicing for a long time.  If you are still reading this review, then you clearly are the type of person that would love this harp, add it to your cart. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Fabbri review  This is a really cheap microphone.  I'm usually amazed how good &#34;cheap&#34; mics sound (e.g. the shure pg line is fantastic), but I'm not amazed by this mic.  It sounds like a cheap mic.  It handles high sound pressure ok, but sounds &#34;tinny&#34; and is more prone to feedback than a nicer mic.For the price, however, you should not expect any better.Likes:- Price.  This is essentially a toy.- Stand and cable too!Dislikes:- Sound quality.  Maybe you want a &#34;lo-fi&#34; sound?  You could make it work.Overall, this is a really good bargain for an extra back-up or kids mic.  It is not a horrible mic.  It is usable for applications like speaking.  For hi-fi music recording, however, you'll notice it is a cheap mic. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bookenator review Good quality for the price, It's a mic on a stand. Plug it into an amp, computer sound card, karaoke machine, whatever, and belt out your favorite tune. Is this the most bestest sounding microphone on the planet? No, my friend. It is not. Sorry. But it is perfectly adequate for most purposes. The stand that comes with is light and I wouldn't subject it to too much abuse (don't invite Iggy Pop over, he's rough on mic stands) but it will do the job admirably if what you want is something to hold the mic while you wave your hands in the air like you don't care. And you're gonna do that, right? overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles Wathen review Good quality for the price. It exceeded my expectations.  I expected something a bit more flimsy, but was surprised to find it as heavy duty as it is. overallrating 5   lineend
name E. D. Garcia review   the mic itself nor the cable that comes with the mic as they were both non-responsive.  I tried the mic with other cables I have lying around that I know work, and I got nothing; it was like the mic wasn't plugged in at all.  And the cable included in this pack, well, the plastic (not metal) connector to the mic was cracked.  I still tried it with a difference mic... static.I can't blame Amazon for the broken bits as the whole thing was packed well and the box did not appear damaged.The stand that comes with this set up seems really good for the price of the whole package.  I was impressed at how much of is  isn't  plastic.Still... I can't recommend this product. overallrating 1   lineend
name ffsalsa review I feel that every microphone is great compare to nothing. It works great thank you, Nady and Amazon. It's compact and great to use. overallrating 4   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  My son and daughter love playing with this mic and stand. It comes with a cord that has a standard 1/4 inch end. I plugged it into a small guitar amp. They use it mainly to sing along with their cds/mp3's. Note that this is not really a mic I would use in my studio - it is more of a toy to be honest, but a quality toy for a young child. In that regard I give it five stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name JPfromOH review Although this is hardly a high-end microphone, it is fully functional for amplification of voice or an instrument, although the output signal seems like it could be stronger.  The stand is sturdy, too.  So, this is probably not the best choice for the full-time professional musician, but for busking around or playing in clubs, it's worth a look. overallrating 4   lineend
name Qian review The mic has loud voice in my Karaoke. The stand makes my setting professional. You feel different when there is a stand holding the mic. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sam I Am review This low cost, compact microphone and stand is perfect for my local speaking engagements.  I connect it to my portable 20 watt amp and provides the sound I need in intimate settings.  The stand is surprisingly stable and good quality. overallrating 4   lineend
name Sheena Archambault review This is not a great quality microphone. But that's not what I was expecting when I paid $25 for the mic and stand. I bought this for my group of kids in a worship school. I need some less expensive equipment to 'play on'. So it works well for that. overallrating 4   lineend
name HMMWV review  Having 250 feet of xlr - xlr (m-f) cables that can be used any way I want (e.g. 2 ea 125 foot for stereo, 1 250 foot for mono, or 10 ea 25 foot for multichannel work) is very flexible.The packaging on these was also well done with a ziploc type bag and a velcro reusable wrap on each cord (white) to store them when not in use.As all of my sound equip is xlr or speakon connectors, this worked great for a recent outdoor dj job.  I ended up using all 10 of the 25' cords for mics and amplified speakers, plus another 6 of their 3 foot cables for interconnect.  You can never have enough xlr cables or adapters! overallrating 5   lineend
name kannibul review These aren't the dirt-cheap - these actually have some nicer connectors - mid-grade level. They aren't the cheap type with a rubber boot that pretends to be a strain-relief - these are screw on plastic bits with a more sturdy housing. Decent cables and aren't too expensive. Will buy again... overallrating 4   lineend
name Lee review GLS Audio 25ft Mic Cable is very High Quality. You will not be disappointed. Low cost, long lasting. I'm very satisfied. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lee review I've used these at every gig I have run sound at for 2 months and so far they have passed the test with flying colors. They allow me to concentrate on other more important things than the reliability of my cables. overallrating 5   lineend
name OMEB review I needed a few extra cables this year for a few live sound events. For the price point I was worried about buying \"cheap cables\". This are a great value for your buck. The only thing I didn't like about these... the cable ties suck! haha... If you need some quality \"cheap\" cable, these are for you! overallrating 5   lineend
name dashreeve review Second time buying the 6 pack - great deal for the price. I love having the colored cables makes set up so easy. I also like the XLR connectors on these, haven't had one go bad yet. overallrating 5   lineend
name drummerboy review These cables are very good quality. I like the different colors for organizational purposes on stage. They are good quality, and very durable. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jason Lewis review These cables are great in microphone or DI-box applications.  They are clean of any electrical noise.  Having color coded cables are also good too. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jorge Marin review very durable and flexible if you are looking for something nice and \"strong\" get this cables. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  For me the combination of color coding and high quality cables make this a great value.It's the cable construction that drew me to these in the first place. The insulators are tough and do not easily nick when being dragged around on rough stages. However, it's the attention to small construction details that I love. The XLR ends are quality components, but cheap, ill fitting junk that some companies use to keep costs down. And unlike those cheap ones these will mate and disengage smoothly.Another factor is the strain reliefs at each end. Those keep the conductors from fraying or breaking inside the cable, which will often occur at cable ends on cables without them.Of course the color coding is a godsend. I can now tell at a glance what is connected to what, both live and in my home studio. I have not experienced any extraneous noise using these, but I am careful to eliminate sources or route around them. Still, these are as good as any other cables I have purchased.I'll also admit that price initially entered into my buying decision. I was frankly concerned that at the price point these would turn out to be junk. Not the case. I can happily say that sometimes you really do get more than you pay for. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr Tall review I own a JamHub Greenroom system for use in a rehearsal space. This cable set colour coordinates perfectly with the JamHub colour coding system!The cables are of a pretty good quality, with solid connectors and well constructed. The cable itself is a bit 'rubbery' and not 'slinky' like some of the higher grade microphone cables, but so far they have held up fine. The cables add no noise or colouration to the signal and the colour coding makes life in the rehearsal space so much easier. overallrating 5   lineend
name overbybr review What more can I say? GLS makes a great product for musicians on a budget! These cables are solidly made, affordable, and really easy to differentiate on a mixer. I have become a fan of GLS! overallrating 5   lineend
name P. Hublein review We have used them for three shows and a bunch of practices. Sounds great, looks great, the cable tie straps are nice and the connectors fit into the microphone nice and tight. Even fixed another bands vox mic connector, his sure cable was loose in the connector, this cable was tight. Has worked on...SM57, Nady Starpower, AKG 5800s, MXL 990, Marshall and Mark bass amps, and every one had a nice tight clean connection on the XLR's and on the numerous mixers. And yes COLOR RULES! overallrating 5   lineend
name skeletonbears review These cables have been solid; we use them in the studio every single day, and have held up so well compared to many others I've ordered for less.Yes, $70 on cables seems like a boring way to spend that money, but don't be fooled: nothing makes you looks stupider during a recording session than a blown cable. Not only do these hold up and sound great, I've found that when working with a complicated studio setup, I'm always surprised how helpful the color-coding actually ends up being. For the price, this is totally worth it.I use these with the following to really color code my studio setup:Color windscreens:GLS Audio Mic Windscreens MicrophoneColor electrical tape:B004ZZVHGWColor patch cables:B003VYBNHGDefinitely worth it! Makes a huge difference! overallrating 5   lineend
name Smoothbassman review Picked up this set of cords for a gig I had at a large hotel event.  There were 3 audio systems going at the same time running across the front of two stages.  We had 48 channels  running from the stages to the back where we had a splitter send the inputs into my board, the video mix board, and then the house mix board. I had returns A-E for my subwoofer, 3 monitor mixes and a stereo main mix.  I used a different color cable for each function. I had a second set for DI boxes to the guitars, bass and keyboards.  All of the cables worked perfectly! The video mix guy asked me where I got the cables from so he could get a set for himself. These cords made it super easy to see where my bands stuff was plugged into so at the end of the night we made short work of the cable tear down.Already had 2 sets, so I ordered one more set for my studio, so I can find connections that much easier!Great set of cables! overallrating 5   lineend
name thelastpiece review I can't believe I never thought of buying colored cables before. I often move all my microphones from one drum set to another depending on what I'm recording and now I don't have to use masking tape and write what each microphone is for, I can just look at the color and I'm all set. overallrating 5   lineend
name T review I've purchased a couple of of the blue 25 foot mic cords from this seller before - same as these.  I've had them for well over a year used in live music at least 5 times a month.  They've been stepped on, and treated pretty rough.  They are still supple and easy to wind up.  In contrast; I have other mic cords from a different manufacturer and the set screws have fallen out, they are stiffer and just haven't held up as well.  Having the multicolor cords makes it a lot easier to see which channel on the mixer is connected to which mic.  Very inexpensive yet reliable cord.  Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Big Daddy review  , I'm purchasing another.  This is the best price/value purchase I've made in a long time.  I'm not going to insult your intelligence and say it's the same as the other well-known mic that looks the same, but for my ears and everybody else who's listened to this mic, it sounds clear and clean and is a little hotter than my SM 58.  I just used it to play a show on Friday the 24th, and it performed wonderfully.  The sound guy thought it was an SM 58.  I will definitely buy a couple of the ES-57s as well to mic up some amps.  Now, things may change in a year if the mic doesn't hold up, but it is hefty and solid, and seems to be built like a tank.  Now, if I was dripping money, maybe I would stick with the \"industry standard,\" but when you can buy these at a 3:1 dollar ratio, why on Earth should I?2/6/2014 update: I must say that in some venues, you'll really have to tweak the EQ in order to stop feedback.  So while they are a great value, they feedback in some situations where my Sennheisers do not (but they were 4 times the price. . .). overallrating 5   lineend
name debi review This mic is strong, reliable and produces the sound I'm looking for.  I used to buy all Shure products,,I'm switching to GLS..they are just great! overallrating 5   lineend
name jsnchmpn review I wouldn't consider this a $30 backup mic, I would consider this a professional vocal mic.  Period.  This is a great mic!  Out of the box, it has a nice weight to it.  It sounds slightly hotter than say, a Shure SM58; which is why I like it so much.  I typically like to stand back from a mic when I sing live and this seems to work very well for my vocals with that technique.  I have also tested this mic with harmonica as well.  Seriously... I don't work for the company or have any ties whatsoever.  I'm just a dude in a band.  Trust me on this one. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Meagher review  Yes this ie every bit as good as the Shure SM 58 but you don't get the cool pouch. The 57 version is also like its Shure counterpart. Great sound and great deal. (yes I am a musician too) overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael K. Mcneill review  I was very skeptical about this mic being so cheap and all but I use it in my band with several other Shure mics and I cant tell the difference the same pa mix and they sound the same..I plan on getting a few more of these. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul D. review I bought this because it was cheap and figured it can't be that bad. I was surprised that it was good. I had this and a shure mic with a professional singer and they couldn't tell the difference. overallrating 5   lineend
name pruittjr1 review love the on and off switch and the sound is great with little or no feedback, would purchase this mic again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Shawn review To my ears, this is a SM58. It sounds identical. Someone with super human ears will tell you otherwise and they may be right, but I have been recording music for years and this mic is as good as any shure mic I have had and it's only half (or less) of the cost. overallrating 4   lineend
name C. Candy review Ha, Amazon rejected my first review because I mentioned a competitor by name (chickens). Let's just say that the price is excellent, much better than the competition, and the cables work great.  How's that? overallrating 4   lineend
name Jason Lewis review These cables are good XLR noise-free cables.  With these cables, I am able to get good sound out of the behringer XM1800S microphones. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Meagher review  I am a pro drummer and run pro sound support PA systems for outside venues as well from time to time. It is essential that I have cables that carry the great sound we make out to the speakers to reproduce it acurately to the crowds. These 50 ft xlr cables are made well, I hear virtually no sound loss or distortion over the long lengths. And as usual dealing with GLS and Orange County, they came fast packed well and safe. I am a continuing returning customer because of quality, price and service. And though on this particular order I had no need to contact them, they checked in with me to make sure everything went well. Great folks to deal with. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lee review I have had to use these because the stage was so wide you could not use anything shorter. Most stages in bars, clubs and restaurants are small enough to use 25' mic cables and reach the stage box of the snake, but not all. These GLS Audio cables have been transparent and sturdy for the 2 months that I have been using them on an almost daily basis. I have performed many setups and tear down with these cables and there is no indication of any problem coming up any time soon. overallrating 5   lineend
name Moral Hazard review  The quality is good (the smell was funny when first opened ... I worry about China's lack of environmental concerns), but the sound is first class, very quiet, so with my Rde NT5 matched pair, I have a very quiet signal path. overallrating 5   lineend
name overbybr review These are great xlr cables. We run them form our board to our mains and they are excellent! I have several gls cables and have zero complaints. overallrating 5   lineend
name ac0214 review I had high hopes for this replacing my pedal board but there are a couple of things I don't like about it.  It has a button clip on the back which is non-removable so makes it all but useless if you don't put it on your belt.  I don't know about you but wearing something on my belt with two 1/4 inch cables is quite a feat.  Add to that possible lines for headphones and an a/c adapter and you look like OctoMan.And what possible function does the kidney bean shape make other than making it odd to put down anywhere with the belt clip sticking out.  The menu is accessed by using a 4 position finger pad.  The main rotaries on the front have two functions depending whether you are holding another key down to access the second set.  This is extremely difficult to do if you need to switch between settings in a live environment.  I have had multiple mistakes and frustrations.IMHO the POD really belongs on a desktop for DAW recording.  It doesn't have much value on your belt clip.  Still have my effects rack. overallrating 3   lineend
name Charlo review I scored a virtually unused pre-owned unit for $50.  It is packed with features and there is a little bit of a learning curve if you want to really make use of the features, but simple plug and play operation is possible.  My original thought was to use the unit as an interface for recording on my PC.  My only gripe- and it is considerable - is that the unit sounds too digital to me- particularly as the chord or note starts to decay and fade.  I probably would have loved this thing when I started playing (more years ago than I care to admit).  I prefer a genuine tube driven amp with analog pedals.  Does that make me a 'gear snob'?  Not when you consider that low watt tube amps and cheaply manufactured pedals can be had for peanuts these days ;)  I've also owned a Tech 21 Trademark 60 analog modeling amp (not bad but traded) and still have a Tech 21 TRI AC analog preamp(great pedal and a keeper)- both are 'modelers' and both sounded better to my ears than digital modelers.  I just prefer analog all the way around.  I eventually gave the unit away to someone who has just taken up the guitar.  He likes it fine-  I gave 3 stars because it's a good way for junior to experement with effects and to practice without annoying the neighbors. overallrating 3   lineend
name C. Longo review The Good:This is a good tool to practice guitar with headphones.The Bad:The tones are not good by any stretch of the imagination, unless you like hyper-distorted noise.  The cleans sound artificial and the crunch tones have obvious digital distortion applied.  The effects are hit and miss as well.  Plate reverb is decent but spring reverb is so artificial sounding that it's downright offensive.Throw in the fact it chews through batteries, the software interface you use to program it on your computer is really difficult to use, and how it loses its small-and-portable-factor with a guitar cable, headphone cable, and power adapter plugged into it, I'd be hard-pressed to recommend this product unless you really need to practice through headphones. overallrating 2   lineend
name M. Platt review  I had a Line 6 POD that worked only on the computer and was great for effects and stuff but not the best for actually practicing away from the computer and decided it was time to change that. I considered a few different brands and even other Line 6 POD models. I even ordered a POD XT only to cancel that order when I realized that you can download tones from the Line 6 website and add them into the user memory banks for easy retrieval.As many have said, the batteries that come with it did not last long at all, but that was kind of expected. I have since been using Energizers and those are lasting long enough for my needs, plus I have a 9 volt AC adapter that works great, especially when I am recording.To use it for recording, simply output from the headphone jack to the input on your laptop or desktop computer and you'll be able to record with all the tones you could want! I downloaded a Joe Satriani sound and am so happy with it that I have already recorded myself playing one of his songs with it and it sounds great!I am not going to knock a star off for this since they obvously put a belt clip on it for a reason, but if you are like me and still like to sit it on a desk every now and then, it will not stay put by itself as it is not heavy enough, but I found that you can put two rubber bands on either side of it and it helps it to &#34;grip&#34; better and stay put so that it doesn't slide right off.I am very happy with my purchase and would highly recommend it to any guitarist out there who needs some great tones to practice with. I don't play live so I cannot say how well it would work for that. overallrating 5   lineend
name Review Man review  I wanted a portable headphone amp but bought this instead because it was only a few bucks more and offers a ton more features.  Though it's not perfect, it's like having a room full of guitar effects and different amps.PROS:  32 amp models, 16 cabinet models, effects + thousands of available presets = TONES GALORE; good software for managing tones and creating new ones; can be used in front of an amp (in case you want to know how a modeled Mesa/Boogie would sound coming out of a real Vox); lots of connectivity; compact enough that I keep the unit, the cable and the power supply in my case; no tech problems at all; built-in noise gate and tuner; easy-to-use tap feature.CONS:  There's a learning curve and you will need the manual to know stuff like how to change amp models; manual is a pdf file; hard to keep track of preset tones on the unit (though you can rename and re-arrange them with the software); presets based on famous songs don't always sound right; minor background hum; uses 4 AAA's in a few hours and the manual says don't use rechargables (though it doesn't say why); for legal reasons, the unit uses generic amp names (check the manual to match the amp model names to the amps they're based on); with everything plugged in the whole setup becomes a little unwieldy; doesn't sound as nice as a good pedal and a Marshall half stack (no kidding, right?  And I still don't sound like Alvin Lee).As an inexpensive effects box that also works as a portable headphone amp, this thing is cool.  You won't get bored with it but you will need to learn how to use it.  Master some of the amp/cab models and how to tweak them for gain, reverb, delay, etc. before you dive into the presets.  And once you've got the presets you like best, use the software to put them all in one place so you can find them easily.The Line 6 Pocket Pod Pack includes a patch cord, power supply, USB cable, CD, cheap ear buds, and MP3 player cable.  The Pack is 150 new, so if you're going to buy the power supply then just get the Pack.  If you buy used then the manual describes how to do a factory reset so it's like new again. overallrating 4   lineend
name AF review  I've been using a One Spot to power a Gator small pedalboard for about 8 years now.  In that time I've done probably over 200 gigs and I've never had a problem.  Is it super quiet?  No, but when you have pedals and amps with gain and single coil pickups, there will be noise.  It's a fact of life.  I've never found it to be excessive.  Turn the volume on your guitar all the way down when you're not playing.I would recommend this to anyone looking for an affordable solution to powering their pedalboard. overallrating 5   lineend
name Alexander V. Ramos review  What an amazing product. Multi-voltage capability for worldwide use, powering eight pedals, and very cost effective, too. If I bought eight adapters, it would cost me well over $120 USD. Even at the price it's sold at, the build quality is pro level. I'd be happy using this on a well-traveled pedalboard. At this price, you could buy two or three of these packs to power huge boards.I usually run six to seven pedals in a typical session. Not all at once, but it's nice to know that the delivery is smooth, without any drops or spikes in power level. I can crank 'em all if I want to, and go NUTS. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I use this to power a Big Muff Pi, mxr compresser, Ibanez Tube Screamer, and a Planet Waves tuner pedal. The only pedal I have that it won't power is a digitech whammy, but that was expected when I bought it.  It works great. I use the 9-volt battery adapter to power the Big Muff and it even works perfect. I get no extra hum with the 4 pedals and it only takes up one spot in my surge protector. Great little power source. I'm not sure I'd use it for professional gigs, but great for home use. overallrating 5   lineend
name AncientRocker review Like many guitar players, I have a few effects pedals of different brands and I needed an alternative to nine volt batteries to power them. At one of the guitar forums I frequent I started a thread about powering a TS9 Tube Screamer with a non-proprietary nine volt power supply, One Spot came back twice in the replies. Since that time I acquired a two more pedals so now I really needed something. I looked into powered pedal boards but decent boards were too expensive and too bulky me. I got creative, I ordered a One Spot Combo Pack then bought some 2\" wide industrial strength Velcro and built my own board that fits in my hard-shell brief case.So far so good, after two months of band practices the One Spot 9V DC adapter with the Multi Plug daisy chain cable does what I bought it for, my little four pedal setup works beautifully. I'm perfectly happy it. The One Spot adapter is well made and the cable is ten feet long so it should be long enough to reach your stage power source. The Combo Pack also includes protective caps for the unused plugs on the Multi Plug daisy chain.If you are thinking about buying this product, do it. If you have concerns about compatibility with your pedals, here is a compatibility chart.[...]Power to the pedals, Rock On!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Anne Brody review One Spot has become the standard. It is not cheap, but it is well made and useful. With this, you get the power adapter, the extension cable (to hook up multiple stomp boxes), and a bag full of converter cables. The power adapter is smartly built so that it will only take up one slot on your surge protector or in your wall outlet.So far, I have used it successfully only to power two pedals, so I cannot speak to how it handles powering an entire pedal board. But I am sure it would do so without issue as I have seen other do it without a complaint. overallrating 5   lineend
name Astraeus review So I recently purchased the Visual Sound One Spot Combo pack and I must say I am quite pleased. I was checking out some of the higher end products (T-Rex Fuel Tank, Voodoo Lab Pedal Power) and just didn't feel like forking over the money. Maybe one day if I'm going to be playing gigs on the regular and can afford to pay around $200 I'll go for one of the other products, but from what I read on the Visual One power supply I was willing to take a risk (especially for the great price)Currently I'm powering 4 Hardwire pedals, a Dunlop Wah pedal and the Berhinger CS400 (see, I'm cheap sometimes - but effectively so) So I'm already using 6 of the 8 power supply cables. All pedals are powered without issue, without noise, there is no hum or hiss or delay or negative effect WHATSOEVER! I can't say enough how excited I was to see this as a viable option for powering the pedal board I just put together, and when it came through and worked flawlessly, it was all the better. I would highly recommend this product to any beginner guitarist starting to fiddle with effects pedals, or even a moderate or novice player - It's simply a RELIABLE and affordable way to power your pedal board. 2 thumbs up and 5 stars!Rock on overallrating 5   lineend
name Audio Maven review This is great product if you are chaining several pedals together. Using just one wall wart you can power all of them, at least those that receive this kind of power 9v. Where it went above and beyond duty was providing a L6 converter 'CL6' for Line 6 products. I have an M-Audio Black Box which had a peculiar size plug. It was 9V 1000ma but nothing would fit. Then I tried the L6 converter and bingo I'm in business and Black Box bliss. I would recommend having it around just for that. It costs about the same as 1 odf any other kind of converter and gives you connecters for several different kinds of pedals which might just save your night when you can't find that particular adapter in the rats nest of other adapters. A pedal junkies salvation. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bilbo review I like this for getting rid of all those extra adaptors you have to have a special power strip for, and it works well for most of my Ibanez, MXR and Boss pedals that have an outside adaptor socket.  It doesn't seem to work so well with my Vox wah, my old MXR Distortion Plus and my Fulltone pedals. I'm using the 9v battery adaptor for the wah and my Dist+, and I get a really weird random squealy noise from the wah (not the same one you get when the wah is not playing well with another pedal in your chain) and intermittant operating problems with the Dist+.  I get a slightly louder hum from the Fulltone pedals when they're on, but my newer Boss/Ibanez/MXR pedals have no issues at all.  The One Spot is not a regulated power supply (if it was, they'd say so), so maybe that's the culprit; not sure. overallrating 3   lineend
name Brian review This seems like a good product. It is working well for me and the chord is super long which is great. Too long is better than too short!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Captn' Bob review Bought this to power all my stomp boxes, wha peddle, tuner etc.  Works just fine.  In fact, bought a 2nd one that stays on my workbench for powering various items being tested or worked on.  Has all the adapters I needed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris Hayden review Easy to use and only takes up one space on a power strip. Recommended.  Well worth the price of the product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dan Edman review This thing is awesome. It doesn't take up a lot of room and has a tone of options for connections....and it's way cheaper than a power box overallrating 5   lineend
name Dave review If you are using two or more pedal effects this should be on your standard equipment list  With the price of 9volt batteries you can't afford not to purchase this rig.  If you need it, there's enough wiring to have space between your pedals. But the wiring is thin enough to be able to stuff it into a crammed pedal board.  A great feature is the disconnect plug that gives you the ability to disconnect the wiring harness from the 9volt adapter  The 9volt adaptor comes with plenty of wire so you can have your pedals or board in a convenient position. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Craton review I have a very nice pedal board for my guitar rig, but not enough power for 13 pedals.  This totally solved the problem with no noise or power issues.  Very smart idea and well thought out for anyone needing a one stop solution for DC distribution.  A+! overallrating 5   lineend
name Diego A. Umana review I have 2 of these combo packs and they are simply great! I have 15 pedals connected to these 2 Visual Sound 1 Spot units on my Pedaltrain Pro, and have all the wiring underneath. Looks pretty neat along with the George L's cables that are almost invisible. The 1 Spot works wonderfully and generates no noise, hiss or buzz. Connects and powers great. No need for something fancy to effectively power up to 8 of 9V pedals with one combo pack. The adaptors work great with other than the regular AC connections like those found on MXR or Boss pedals. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Don B review Im using this with five pedals and it works great. No added noise, no signal loss, and saves the cost and hassle of constantly replacing 9V batteries.Comes with a nice assortment of adapters for use with just about any brand of pedal out there.probably not the most durable power supply available, but for the price, it cant be beat. overallrating 5   lineend
name Don review  I bought a pedal board and needed power and wires.  Bought this kit.  It is just super.  The 'One Spot' provides the power needed, the wiring is just right for the pedals I've installed.  This is a great set,....all you'll need to get your pedal train wired and running. overallrating 5   lineend
name Edgar Moses Jones review I' don't get any hum and it powers what I need it to. A much cheaper route than a DC Brick or a Pedal Power. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fender Guy review  On the plus side it does the job, powers your 9V pedals and doesn't break the bank...on the down side this unit can be a bit noisy depending on which wall socket you have to plug into. Neon lighting can raise Hell with this power supply...but who ever said playing out live was gonna be easy? Best to have a noise gate handy...just in case. overallrating 4   lineend
name GaryG review Ive Been Using This Item For about 3 weeks now, and I love it. I Have a homemade pedalboard, the one spot combo is good for it cause its kept me from having to mount a power supply on the board. I power 7 pedals and Absolutely no noise distortion comes from the pedals with this hooked up, If anything it sounds better than a battery, FOR SURE. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Thomas review  Works like a champ.  I only have four pedals on it thus far, but I haven'te had any problems.  No noise issue, no \"brown outs\" because the power supply couldn't handle the load.  I still have open leads for those other pedals...(smile).  My power strip now has more space for other \"toys\" to make my weak playing sound better. overallrating 5   lineend
name Guitarman review I'd read a lot about the One Spot power system.  I needed 220V power overseas and so I ordered this.  It is truly a very nice product and amazingly quiet.  I currently have some high end power bricks on my two larger pedal boards...I may swamp them out fo this one.  Highly Recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Huevos Rancheros review  Love it. makes plugging in a lot of stomp boxes easy peasy. Quiet power supply, lots of cables and end caps and adapters, for what you'd pay for a single power adapter. It's nice not having to  dig out half a dozen power supplies just to set up and play. About the only thing missing would be some right angle adapters, but I'm sure you can find them somewhere.good quality, and the cord is extremely long for a dc power supply. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ima Fish review  Quite a few people are complaining about the buzz caused/induced by this.  I'm not getting any.  I use an old Arion Stage Tuner, a Digitech Bad Monkey and CM-2 Tube Overdrive, a Dunlap Wah from the 90s, and a Boss NS-2 Noise Suppressor.  I run it all into a Fender Deville 410, which additionally runs into an Acoustic B115 Neo bass cab for extra mmmph.At first I thought it was the noise suppressor.  But even when it's off, I'm getting absolutely no buzz from my effects.For the price this is AMAZING.  To be able to have all of my effects powered with one plug is a godsend.  The cables are VERY long, maybe too long, if that's possible.  If you're even thinking about buying this, JUST BUY IT ALREADY!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Josh Koterba review Granted this is no voodoo laps pedal power, or another isolated power supply, but it does provide clean, quiet daisy chain power for up to 8 pedals, and does so pretty dang great for $150+ cheaper.Is it silent? No.Is it reliable? Yes.Would I use it on stage or in the studio? Yes.Would I prefer something nicer if $$$ weren't an issue? Yes.Does this wok great on a budget, absolutely!!If you're tired of using batteries pick this thing up!If you're a super quiet signal chain snob, save an extra $150 and get the voodoo labs. overallrating 4   lineend
name Kevin McGonigal review This is a very nice way to get rid of all those wall warts and batteries for your pedals. Easily powers my 6 pedals and adds no noise to the signal path. Simple, effective,works as advertised. The extra adapters are a nice touch. Get one, you'll be happy you did. overallrating 5   lineend
name knup0127 review I love this product.  this will power many pedals with low milliamperage ratings.  No need for expensive large pedalboard power adapters.  For a modest rig, or on the road use, I recommend this product. overallrating 5   lineend
name legendery-sound. review great useful product well made quite, and lots of use to view of my floor effects , works great ,, and no other noise from it , buy it . overallrating 5   lineend
name Matt review This is now powering my entire effects board and it's doing a great job! It easily connects to a variety of different pedals with the adapters included and there's just enough wire to power everything without cluttering anything up with nests of extra wires. The value is excellent for anyone on a budget or who is tired of full power strips cluttering up their setup. I'd recommend this to any musician who uses multiple effects/instrument devices overallrating 5   lineend
name miT review I bought this power supply for in home use - I don't do too much gigging or recording, so this is primarily used for practicing or just messing around. The product works very well; I'm able to power 5 of my pedals easily. The cords are plenty long in length, however it is a bit difficult to chain together longer pedals with some shorter ones without the two pedals being right next to each other (i.e. having a wah pedal next to a standard size pedal). However, that is only a minor complaint and in no way effects the usability of the product. I haven't had to use any of the special adapters though, but I plan on getting a Line 6 DL-4, so having the Line 6 adapter is a great added touch. Best of all, all of your power needs for all your pedals only takes up one outlet spot in your home. I've been using this product for months now and have no complaints. You can't beat the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name NPunk42 review This system works good. I use it every gig now, no problems. The leads are actually a little too long, but that's a good thing. overallrating 4   lineend
name Otto review This is great for keeping your pedal board more organized. All you need is a power conditioner and you are ready to plug in. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul C. review Versus the Godlyke, I'd say this is the better purchase. Though the Godlyke product claims 2000mA of power (2amps), this is slighlty less at 1.7mA (1700mA or 1.7amps). Anyway, if your drawing that much juice using your pedal board, you may want to re-consider what you are using. The product itself is plastic, but seems solid, I believe it will hold up to repeated use no problem. Being plastic though, you do have to be careful not to drop it or have it stepped on or rolled over, etc. I do like the fact that it does have a heavier gauge wire than the Godlyke product and seems slimmer so it will fit more readily into '1 spot' as advertised. The heavier wire means that when someone rolls in their 4x12 cab your power supply cable will have a higher chance of survival. The extender that comes with is good, seems about as generic in length and space between connections as you can get. I only wish it came with two of them. I am using a Pedaltrain Pro board and at 32.9 inches, it will require a pair of the extensions to get to all the pedals. The combo pack also includes some other adapters for those odd pedals that refuse to conform and use 1/8\" power connections, some 9 volt adapters for pedals with out any external power. One thing I have not checked yet is the actual output of the supply. A lot of companies think that if their voltage is 'close' to 9 volts, thats good enough. The reality is that this is an indication of poor quality control and lack of intrest in producing a quality product. You will find some higher end devices specifically warn NOT to use anything higher than 9 volts so 9.6 volts isn't 'close enough'. Anyway, while I have not checked the output of the adapter yet, I did fire it up on all the pedals I could power with the one extension that came with and everything worked nice and quiet. It is amazing how having a good quality power source can help eliminate some buzz and other 'noise' from your signal chain. I'd buy this again and in fact I may buy another just as a back up. It is a tad pricey at thirty bucks... feels more like a twenty five dollar item given the all plastic construction but, all in all, a good buy over the competition. overallrating 4   lineend
name Pepper review It's a good ideal but the big problem I have is if Ya are using a tube Amp. ( have a 65' Twin Reverb Fender tube ) Ya get one HELL of a HUM. It's so bad I just can't use it at all. I'm not sure about a transistor Amp. but who uses those ???? overallrating 2   lineend
name Peter Faden review  Sometime round 1994, my friend Kendal built several of these for our band. They were great and incredibly handy. I havent investigated this, but i wondered later when i started seeing them marketed if he had developed the first one or not. Certainly, if he did, he never patented it or anything.Anyway, flash forward 18 years and here i was sitting with my row of stompboxes, resenting batteries and individual power supplies. I thought back fondly to my first sound combo power supply and realized i needed to invest in one again....and so i did. This one comes with some slip covers for any unused adapters. So far, it has lived up to my expectations. I cat speak to playing out with this yet, as i am mostly messing around in my little home studio, but i definitely havent heard any crackle on my recordings or when just amping up and letting loose. So, for such a simple device, you really cant beat it...unless you dont really use boxes. Personally, i presently have my wah, distortion, chorus, overdrive, delay, slap echo, and flanger running through it. Everything works great.Enjoy! overallrating 5   lineend
name RelevantC review A real money saver a very smart buy ! It works perfect with my Boss pedals! I am very Happy! overallrating 5   lineend
name Reviewer review This is perfect. No buzzes, no hums, no nonsense. It's just a simple to use universal power supply for pedals. Save yourself hundreds of dollars and get this. I'm so glad my friend introduced me to this product! overallrating 5   lineend
name scottfwi review I was new to pedal effects, new to pedal boards, and new to the challenge of how to power it all.  I did my research and settled on Pedal Train for the board (the Mini, with case) and the One Spot for power.  This bundle--including an 8-pedal chain, a few adapters and the power supply--does it all.  In fact, it may be overkill.  I only have 5 pedals, so I have to hide/secure the rest of the chain with twist ties.  And the adapters, never used 'em.  But it is a complete kit.  If you need more than this, I don't know what to tell ya. overallrating 5   lineend
name Scott H. Irving review  I once dreamed of something like this around 1979 when Guitar Player magazine had a plan to build such a thing. It has 9 volt battery adapaters so that if you have a few MXR pedals from 1979, they will work on this setup. for those who have 9 volt power adapters of the more modern kind, they fit these, too. I got all sorts of stuff plugged in; mini amp, flanger (has AC), equalizer, compressor, fuzz, wah. Love my gizmos. Say good bye to batteries. This is very affordable, too, given the high number of effects it will supply. I could find nothing better on the market for the price and features. overallrating 5   lineend
name STEPHEN MOREAU review The One spot works very nicely for a pedal board chain.  Everything needed came with the combo, making it ready to go right out of the box. overallrating 5   lineend
name Steveo review I have this hooked up to 4 Pedals so far and it's awesome. Real cost saver on batteries. You really cant go wrong for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review This is a terrific product.  While the price might seem a little high for a power adapter, it actually serves the function of what you might need several other adapters and daisy chains to accomplish.The key to the OneSpot is the 1700mA output.  By comparison, the Boss PSA-120 adapter puts out 200mA.  Since most stompboxes draw between 5 and 60 mA of power, you could only reliably chain up to about 3 or 4 of them with the BOSS adapter.The combo kit is a great value because it comes with a daisy chain for up to eight pedals, and some other parts for hookups to a 9V adapter or other jacks that I don't use on my pedals.  I use it with BOSS and Ibanez pedals and it works great.  Best of all, there's no added electric \"buzzing\" noise, which is a problem with many budget power solutions.Also like how the cable hookups are angled instead of straight - makes much more sense for a tight pedalboard.  No more 9V's and no more hooking up multiple cables every time - one simple plug and I'm ready to play! overallrating 5   lineend
name The User review What makes it better is that it is a kit with most of what you need to power up to 8 pedals.  It comes with various adapters and even has rubber caps to cap of the power outlets you arent using! Powers pedals that have negative tip -like boss, maxon, ibanez, etc, etc.  Even has one reverse adapter for an oddball positive tip pedal!  Also adatper to connect your battery only pedal by connecting to the battery clip!!!One of the best features is that the power plugs are at right angles so they don't stick straight out on pedals that have side jacks...takes up less room on your pedal board.  Also the 8 plugs stretch further out than most other daisy chain cables.The other great feature is the power capacity is greater than boss..it can put out up to 1700mA...which is how it can run up to 8 pedals.A great item at a great price. No brainer solution for anyone with a few pedals or more. overallrating 5   lineend
name Willie V. Hughes review This is just what I needed to get rid of three or four large AC adapters. Great little kit for anyone with a pedal floor board. overallrating 4   lineend
name W. Perry review It does what it says it will, but it's still not a great pedalboard solution. The distance between the plugs is sometimes too short. Also, if you're not using ALL  the plugs, you've got a dangling end you've got to try and stash or tie off. Again it's a good item for what it does but it has inherent problems if you're pedalboard has varying distances between pedals. overallrating 4   lineend
name Wynn review  Getting a proper pedal power unit (like Voodoo labs, DC brick, Ciok) is recommended. Even though this has a lot of outlets, each pedal may not receive enough power. I usually use this to power two or three pedals and most of the time it is ok. Any more than that, and you will have some loss of headroom in the pedals. May not power some pedals that have a high current draw. overallrating 3   lineend
name Zachary Swanson review Does what it says. I have multiple pedals plugged to it and it can handle them. Much cheaper then buying loads of 9v batteries. overallrating 5   lineend
name Applewhite Minyard review I play steel guitar and add effects to the song and different ones to my solos. I'm always looking for something that will add an extra appeal to certain songs. This is easily adjustable, and adds a depth and a near-Leslie sound. I use it often and it adds an interesting sound not possible with other effects. It's easy to use in combination with, for instance, a Chorus, or a Tremolo, for dynamic steel guitar sounds. overallrating 4   lineend
name Edgar Moses Jones review I have been trying to find a good vibrato pedal for a long time. I have bought $150 pedals and $100 pedals and I got this one for $25 and it blows all the others out of the water. The only down side to this pedal is that you either need to run it off a 9volt or the Behringer power supply. I couldn't get it to work properly with my pedalboard power or my Pyle-Pro PPDLP02 DC supply. The plastic case feels like it may break at anytime but aside from that I love this pedal more than a puppy playing a harp in the middle of a daisy field in Michigan. overallrating 4   lineend
name guitarman6730 review I've been wanting a pitch vibrato pedal for a while but didn't want to spend $350-$500 for an old boss vb-2(which this pedal sounds exactly like) so i looked at this which I didn't really know what to expect but when I got it I was amazed by it, it sounds really good. It maybe less durable than a metal pedal but who cares for this price I wouldn't mind buying a new one if mine broke and considering there is hardly any companies that actually make pitch vibrato's(uni-vibe/Vibe pedals are not pitch vibrato pedals)buying a new one isn't a problem. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Vazquez review I got this by mistake, confusing it with the tremolo effect. But, either way, I liked it and decided to keep it. It's a really good deal at the price. And it sounds just as good as major brands. The only problem most people find is the material that it's made of. It's like a hard plastic, not metal like most are. But, if you're not a person who abuses your gear, it should last you a good while.I cannot use it for recording, because there is some hiss from it, like all other Behringer pedals, and I record direct, not through amp. But, for live playing, it's great. It's especially perfect for garage and bar bands. overallrating 5   lineend
name J.E.S. review I had fairly low expectation for a ~$25 pedal, but many people said it sounded very close, if not better, than a vintage Boss VB-2. Considering I didn't want to spend 20x this pedal, I can't compare the 2 but can say it works very well. It can do subtle low-rate, low-depth to fast shimmers to ridiculous warbles. The rise knob seems to act as a reverse level control, or at least turning it up weakens the effect (which I guess is good, I might swap around the leads). Finally, a non-blue LED is used, which means it won't blind you when you try to adjust the settings.Being $25 however, the plastic case is noticeably cheaper quality and looking compared to even Behringer's $50 pedal, and the hinge is a little less stable. It will still hold up with moderate use. However, it could wear out if you plan on heavily using the latch feature (which is a momentary mode). overallrating 5   lineend
name Johnny Guitar review  SUMMARYGreat pedal, buy it, you'll probably keep it! At its price point - 5 stars. I am keeping it and it is probably going to become a permanant addition to my pedalboard. Only time will tell but I like adding some vibrato for clean sounds. It reminds me a lot of how I used to set up my Super Reverb amp. Compared to all pedals, I'd actually give it 4 stars - downgrading 1 star for the plastic case and the limited functionality of the Rise control. But I liked it so much I decided to score it \"at its price point\".PROS- dirt cheap at $25 for a new pedal- sounds great - does not add or subtract any frequencies or add any noise (I wish I could say the same for some $200 pedals I've tried.)- Latched/Unlatched mode -- the best feature on the pedal. I love that I can put this in unlatched mode and use it to vibrato in short bursts.- Small form factor - normal \"single pedal\" size- Standard power supply - 9V Center negative - runs from pedal board power or a battery- The larger foot pedal surface (compared to just a silver bullet switch) is nice for the unlatched mode useCONS- Cheap plastic case - I doubt its durability and would have preferred to pay more for a more durable case.- Latched/unlatched switch is small (hard to reach, have to bend over, can't do with a toe)- Rise control has only the most subtle impact on sound. Probably not needed on this pedal. Two larger controls for the other controls would be a better design for usability.- Like most pedals - the knobs are super small and not easily controlled with a toe, and the settings are hard to see. My favorite pedals have large knobs, well marked settings you can see from a distance, enough space between the knobs to set one without bumping another, and in the best cases, enough space, size, and durability for the knobs to be tweakable by a foot or toe bump.Suggested Redesign, \"Super Vibrato\" or \"Vibrato II\"1) Change to a metal case2) Lose the Rise control altogether3) put the latched/unlatched modes on a 2nd stomp switch so you can stomp to go between modes4) Increase the size of and space between the other two controls -- put large \"foot controllable\" knobs with high visibility knobs.Then again, at 25 bucks, I might just buy a 2nd one and put one in latched and one in unlatched mode. overallrating 5   lineend
name Julio Caicedo review  DOA...no good, out of the box,plug it, nothing.....no way to send it back (I`m not from the States)....meaning...I just wasted away $40 something bucks (add shipping)....I did bought a Behringer pedal before (Tremolo/Pan) with good results, but I guess there`s two sides to this particular low economy pedals....Well, I`ll man up and buy something else... overallrating 1   lineend
name legendery-sound. review this pedal is well made plastic but w great electronics made designed by german mind.. it sounds like a chorus and vibrate at once,, wave tone and quiet,, w true bypass on bord.. great pedal for the money,, get it . its worth it. for guitar bass or keys. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brock Martin review I've used the FX600 for a couple of years.  I've got a pedal board, with several pedals, but if I had to take only one pedal with me, (and I often do, when I have to travel lite), this is the pedal I take.  Not only do I get a full selection of effects, but the pedal doubles as a DI unit, solving input issues on some problem sound systems I've played thru.  That's probably an unintended benefit, but I find it a valuable feature, which gives me confidence to play thru any system.  FYI, my buddy's Digitech multi-effect pedal actually introduces hum into systems, where this (FX600) has helped me get a cleaner sound.  While this unit has no tone adjustments, it also adds 'something' to make my guitars sound better (I know that is sort of vague).  The only down side of this pedal that I have found is that, because they have jammed so much stuff into one pedal, it is a little hard to make precise adjustments.  But, with what this pedal DOES do for me, that's a small price to pay.  For this price, I can't see why anyone would not like this pedal. overallrating 4   lineend
name charles review  I recommend itthese pedals are perfectunder price excellent qualityI like the sound it is very goodthank you for this product overallrating 5   lineend
name Jing Garcia review  behringer may be cheap, but they do create some good products, for this one it's a hit and miss. although i ordered three of them. overallrating 3   lineend
name M. Evans review  This should be your first pedal. For 50 bucks you get every effect except distortion. No other pedal comes close to delivering more bang for the buck. It's clean, High Fidelity, and versatile as a swiss army knife. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sabrehagn review This is an amazing pedal. delay , flanger ,phaser , tremolo , pitch shifter. All sound really good and completely adjustable. Only downfall is that you can only use a single function at any one time. For the price this is a steal. Behringer Rocks. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. O. review  I got this because at just around 32 bucks, its pretty much seemed like a stealcompared to other pedals I was looking at.But a few notes..If you buy this, definitely have/buy a 9v adapter with a (-) polarity.Also know that when people said that little blue light was blinding, well,they weren't kidding. I've put a little paper and tape over mine as well, however it isn't sticking.It might not have the best effects or effect strength, but as my amp has no built in effects, its better than nothing.If you're cheap like me but want effects, this is decent, although the chorus effect seems particularly weak. overallrating 4   lineend
name Claudia A. Portillo review i use this pedalwith my acoustic guitar and it just sounds great, for the price and quality sound i can not get a better deal.behringer pedals and joyo pedals are definitely the best for the price and quality.thank u guys. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Johnson review  I have other Behringer products and have never encountered any issues operating them.  I use a power snake instead of batteries so I cannot comment on battery life or compartment access.  The box is plastic but that is not really a hinderence. overallrating 5   lineend
name SeBo review  , but to me it sounds cheap and faint. I do a have a few Behringer pedals and many are very good for the price, but this one I won't be keeping. To me, it wasn't even close to as good as what you get on Fender amps or on my TC Electronics Delay pedal (which includes chorus/vibrato), and I thought that I would go solo with this pedal, but for me it's a no go... overallrating 3   lineend
name TIMOTHY A. BILLINGSLEY review  Needed some chorus in my tone and this fit my budget. I have owned multiple Behringer products and trust the brand. It is a plastic casing but I don't tour so that won't be a problem - I needed the effect and it gives it. Fully adjustable for depth, tone, warble and volume. Don't spend $200 on a 'boutique' pedal - get this one. overallrating 4   lineend
name wally jones review I wanted to add a chorus to my effects chain and since I have mostly Behringer products (and am more than satisfied with my other pedals) decided to try the CO400. Again I am more than satisfied. A chorus isn't something you use all the time so I expect this one to give me years of good Behringer reliability and service. For someone looking for that extra color in your sound  try this pedal.I think you'll be pleasantly surprised and you sure can't beat the price. A great value for your money. overallrating 5   lineend
name Benjamin Babeshkin review I am a beginner guitar player. I have a Yamaha F335BL and a Hohner HC06.  I bought the Yamaha a few years back, and just recently started to really learning to play it.  It sounds ok, but not great (though the Price is pretty good for it)  It is all laminated, and the action is pretty high.Looking online I saw that people really liked the Seagull S6 Original for its sound and price point. Boy were they right. I got this guitar from Guitar Center (after I tried it out)  The action is low, and the fretboard is bigger (for fingerstyle and beginners this is really good).  The sound is also REALLY good, its very resonant, and just sounds &#34;good&#34;.  It is hard to describe the sound, you woul dhave to hear it.I did replace the pins with Presentation Tusq Pins, I could not really tell a difference in sound, but it did make it look nicer.Highly recommend this and other guitars from Seagull (try the Merlin, its fun) overallrating 5   lineend
name Bobby L. Tefft review I've been playing for about 17 years.  Most on my playing is with a bluegrass band here in Columbus, Ga.  My performance guitar is a Martin HD-28 and my practice guitar is a Blueridge BR-180.I wanted a third guitar just for kicks.  I'd been looking a Taylors, but didn't want to spend that much money.Enter the Seagull S6.  A fellow picker asked if I'd ever heard of a Seagull - I hadn't - he said they were nice guitars and I ought to check them out.  So, I did a little research.  I first read all the nice reviews here for the S6 and then went on YouTube and listened to a few.  My guitar is a Seagull Coastline Spruce S6 and I really like it. I choose not to get the cedar top version because the cedar is soft, and I understand that the spruce has more volume. I got the S6 today and this evening my wife, with her Taylor GS Mini, and I, with this S6, played Smokey Mountain Memories.  Nice, real nice guitar.I found that the action on this S6 is pretty good out of the box.  I'm going to take it to my luthier tomorrow and have him install a strap pin/peg on the heel and take a look at the action at the same time, if he can make the action better, I'll let him.  I'm also going to put on some Elixir Light strings.  I don't know what kind of strings are on it out of the box.But, the bottom line is that I am very happy with the playablilty and the action of this Seagull Coastline Spruce S6 acoustic guitar right out of the box.  I'm glad I bought it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dan Dreifort review  s extolling the virtues of this excellent guitar model are spot on.If you're in the market, and don't have a grand to spend on a new acoustic guitar, get this North American made gem.You won't regret it. overallrating 5   lineend
name David Burch review Seagull guitars have intrigued me for years in photos and on their website, but there is no dealer anywhere near me, so I bought one sight-unseen from Amazon, based on the good reviews. I'm glad to say I can add my voice to the chorus of praise for this innovative design.A traditionalist will need some time to become accustomed to the unusual appearance and construction.  The narrow, reverse-taper headstock and wide fingerboard give this guitar a bottom-heavy look when viewed vertically. Back and sides are cherry with only a light stain, and the binding is dark. The top is natural cedar.As dreadnoughts go, this one is very comfortable to play sitting down. It appears to be based on the Martin outline, but with a slightly rounder lower bout and a narrower upper bout. Weight is pleasantly light, and the semi-gloss finish is comfortable to the touch. Players with broad fingers will appreciate the wide fingerboard, but those with small hands should consider the \"\"Slim\" version, with a neck 0 8\" narrower at the nut.Sound is what really counts, however, and this Canadian dreadnought has nothing to be ashamed of there. The maker has the good sense to ship the instrument with high-quality, fresh strings, allowing the new owner to appreciate the notable bass and clear midrange as soon as it is tuned up. Overall, it falls within the classic dreadnought tone category, with good volume.Buying a guitar online saves money but leaves setup to the buyer. Both the nut and saddle on my guitar needed lowering, and the truss rod required adjustment (a long-reach hex wrench is included). If you are not experienced in these tasks, a local luthier should do it for no more than $30 or so.Based on sound, playability once adjusted, and construction quality, this guitar should definitely be included when comparing instruments in this price range. It is a real standout in value.Update 8 DEC 2012: The more I play this guitar, the more I love it. It delivers balanced sound with good dreadnought \"snap\ and once the action was dialed in, the broad fingerboard relieves finger crowding I didn't fully realize hindered my playing. I am considerng replacing my Takamine mini-jumbo with a Seagull equivalent. overallrating 5   lineend
name JPfromOH review Although not through Amazon.com, I recently purchased a Seagull S6 Original acoustic guitar. I compared this with a variety of other brands in the price range, as well as with the Seagull Entourage acoustic-electric which was also in the general price range.  The S6 has a nicely consistent tone which, although maybe a little too bright for some players' tastes, projects very well.  Some reviewers and guitarists with whom I've talked wonder how Seagull can produce instruments that sound as well as they do in North America for the price.  I think that I found part of the answer when I looked inside some of the Seagulls.  The braces do not look as uniform and neatly finished as they might on other guitars.  Looking at the outside of the guitar and listening to it, though, you'd never know.  I find the 1.8\" neck width at the nut to be great for fingerpicking work and left-hand fingering.  It's a compromise between a more standard acoustic neck width and a classical guitar neck width.  For me, it works.  Some players who are more used to a more traditionally narrow neck might not appreciate this attribute of the guitar.  Seagull does offer other models, by the way, that have a more traditional width.  The slightly shorter scale reminds me of the scale Gibson uses on many of its electric guitar models:  just shorter enough to better enable chord fingering, but not so short as to cause floppy strings.  I couldn't be happier with the Seagull S6, especially for the price! overallrating 5   lineend
name mike n ike review I heard great things about the S6 and so, being a novice without any idea of what to buy, I bought it based upon reviews. I've played it for a year, and after spending many hours in guitar stores comparing guitars, here are my (humble) thoughts:- The Seagull is comparatively unattractive. Its snake-head headstock with the tiny, not-great tuners looks out of place on a dreadnaught guitar.- The cedar top is very nice looking, and the rosewood fretboard/bridge on mine are very nice.- The laminate sides/back seem much thicker than competing guitars, and this makes the guitar heavier and, to me, less &#34;alive&#34;/resonant during playing.- The satin-finished cedar top is very easy to marr.- The cedar is warm at low to mid strumming force, but at a heavy strum, the top seems to bottom out and lose definition.- The treble sounds tinny to me and the bottom end seems muddy.- The frets are smaller than competitors but are OK.- The binding is a sharp 90 degree angle without any radius to it so it cuts into the chest and arms after playing - something I've not encountered before.- I can get the action very, very low before the frets rattle - nice!All in all, it is an OK instrument that stands out simply because it's made in Canada for Asian/Mexican prices - that said, just because it comes from Canada doesn't embody it with mystical vibes. In fact, for the price range, I can get a just-as-good Asian/Mexican guitar with a nicer laminate back/front, Sitka spruce solid top wood, better tuners, and a more attractive headstock - with a gloss finish for durability and that sounds just as good.I don't regret getting it, but I feel like I overpaid for what I received, and while the brand might have been a great deal at last decade's exchange rates, I have seen much better guitars in shops for the same price. Seagull to me is over-hyped.Thanks for reading! overallrating 2   lineend
name R. W. Milyard review  s, and just recently (I have had both theS6 and FGX730 for five years) pulled the S6 out for another try just because I could not make myself believe it sounded worse thanmy used Yamaha; IT DID!Side by side I went through the chords on each guitar, and had to finally come to the conclusion that the Seagull had to go.With a price tag of $420 0 for the S6, and $282 0 for it's Yamaha equal, the FG730S, unless you just feel like throwing yourmoney away, I would stay away from this guitar, and look elsewhere.Oh, by the way, I have an S6 for sale! overallrating 3   lineend
name theRangel review  .  This guitar sounds even BETTER.  I went to a handful of guitar stores looking for another acoustic \"just for fun\" and I had a few bucks burning a hole in my pocket.  To my surprise all the guitars three times its price sounded vastly inferior.  You see I learned that as you play a good wood guitar that over time it will \"open up\" and keep sounding better.  Yet another reason to keep it humidified and taken care of.  It will increase in value (to you at least). overallrating 5   lineend
name Boba Chux review  I take this thing out of my rig every once in awhile, but it always finds its way back in.  Unlike Kaga, I put it at the end of my chain, right before a Boss Line selector, for multiple amps.  I used to put it at the beginning of my chaing, during my metal days, and it does well there too.  I'm more blues orientated now, and love it at the end.  With my fuzzes I can have them cracked and nice and lightly smooth, then at the end with the EQ, I got it jacked up!  Unlike most people I love a bass players V on my EQ.  I love that bass, but I play through 10's and 15's and those speakers handle it better than 12's, although I do have a 2x12 with V30's in it and it sounds nice.  This is a must have pedal though, no matter what you want your sound to end up like, if you have crapy stuf and just need an edge or really nice stuff and looking for that last bit of tone, you got it with this thing. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gordon Tubbs review BOTTOM LINE UP FRONT: If you play an Orange, Vox, or Marshall, you don't necessarily  need  an EQ pedal, but putting one in your signal chain will take your amp to the next level.Why is this? Well, the Brits design their amps with wide and musical EQ but the overall frequency response is narrow. This has led many British amp manufacturers to include specialized tone shaping buttons on the control panel because they are well aware that British EQ isn't as dramatic as American guitarists want it to be. There is nothing wrong with this by any means - it's just an overall characteristic of British amplifiers.Secondly, any tube amp loves to be pushed with boost and dirt pedals to get extra crispy overdrive from the clean channel - since distortion channels on tube amps have a tendency to compress and limit the output slightly. This pedal is more than capable of providing that boost. +15dB seems to be right amount to push clean to dirty, or dirty to overdrive, or overdrive to distortion.LIVE PERFORMANCE: If you're in a rock band that plays small venues like bars and clubs, you've probably noticed that most bands have overwhelming bass/midrange noise (100~500Hz) that drowns out the vocals and clarity of the drums or any instrument for that matter. Applying EQ to your signal chain will allow you to clean up your tone by cutting some unnecessary low-end from the picture and boosting your high-end for better clarity.RECORDING DIRECT-IN: If you're using this pedal with a DI box or simply plugging directly into your audio interface for virtual reamping, you'll be able to get a more balanced signal if you want to darken your Strat or brighten your Les Paul.WHY 4 STARS? Yes, the noise. It's not bothersome by any means, but if you're recording with a mic'd amp or direct in, you will absolutely need a noise suppressor. I use my GE-7 with the BOSS NS-2, and the NS-2 completely removes the white noise generated from the GE-7. The result is an amazing, clean boosting EQ.IF YOU'RE ON THE FENCE... go ahead and get this thing. You won't regret it. It's not just for Tone Snobs, it can really make cheap gear sound way better, and take great gear to the next level. overallrating 4   lineend
name H town review This 7 band eg. is a great way to change the sound of your guitar. It has more flexability than just a tone knob. It's easy way to get scooped metal or just fine tune the sound of you amp and guitar. Highly recomended! overallrating 5   lineend
name knup0127 review Product arrived in exactly condition as described by the seller.  This unit allows for great sweeping of frequencies.  the 15 dB pull in each direction for each of the seven bands are filter worthy,  My only dissatisfaction lies in the amount of noise this unit adds to my chain when engaged.  When inactive this unit is transparent, no tone suckage.  When this unit is engaged, each frequency band carves the sounds nicely however, consideration to have this unit modified to reduce its noisy output has begun for me at least.  I am thankful for the internet and the opportunities it presents for me to MOD this Pedal. overallrating 4   lineend
name StormJH1 review I've had this pedal since the mid-90's, when I started playing in my teens.  While an EQ might seem like an odd choice for a beginner's pedal selection, I was mainly trying to compensate for the crappy bass and mid-range of the cheap CRATE and Marshall amps I used back then.  Since I have better equipment now, I haven't used it as much.However, as simple as it is, it is definitely a useful tool.  You can leave it on all the time to mold your sound with greater detail than most amps would have with knobs.  Or, you can the on-board volume to crank up the volume for solos or louder parts.The only negatives I recall from using it were that it added a bit of a hissing noise (but not so much that you couldn't trap it with a noise gate), and it seemed to take away from the sustain of notes just a bit.  Again, nothing that can't be fixed with other effects.  And if you think about how important equalization is with stereo equipment, it only makes sense that you might want that level of control in a guitar amp as well.I give it 5  despite the minor flaws because it does what it says and BOSS products are built rock solid.  I'll have this thing forever. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review So if you want to play just in your garage this is really good for the price.I like it, it's ok, the sound is kind of a cold distortion. If you like warm sounds you should see something else. overallrating 4   lineend
name charles review  amazing the bestI can't believe ... this pedal is the favorite oneexcellent sound good metalwithout words..I recommend it  thanks behringer overallrating 5   lineend
name Cheri review Bought this distortion pedal for our son...who plays his electric guitar daily. He loves the functionality of it as well as the ease of use. It also produces a nice &#34;distorted&#34; sound quality and tone (I don't know if I would agree, as my generation hails from a different genre of music). But he loves it and I guess that's all that matters! overallrating 5   lineend
name Gregory Madden review Very nice tone, very nice metal sound, very crunchy and deep. Well worth it for the price, on par with other way more expensive pedals. Definetly buy the power supply with it though, it just makes it better and easier to use. Very nice product overall overallrating 5   lineend
name Linda S. Frederickson review It has Great sound and distorts like its suppose to.I have been needing one for A long time.Thanks Beringer USA overallrating 5   lineend
name M. Evans review  So many tones to choose from with the variable frequency Eq and a nice range of distortion makes this a killer deal. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pen Name review Sound 95% like the boss mt-2 just not as clear as boss pedal. Sounds like it belongs to 80's trash metal didn't really do me to good with modern death or thrash metal overallrating 4   lineend
name tommy bravo review It sounds very artificial, I remember first getting this pedal and really loving the sound and kick it had, now that I use it with a better amp, it sounds very processed and artificial in sound that it's not even worth the price I payed for it before. I also had bought another one to replace the first one because the input section jack got messed up in the amp that it didn't want to lock with my guitar cable and when I took it apart, there was no way for me to fix it other than sending it to be replaced. Shitty pedal. overallrating 1   lineend
name Tony review I've always liked Behringer products ,There prices are pretty reasonable and the quality cant be beat.I just ordered there blues pedal cant wait for that one ! overallrating 5   lineend
name Zachary Swanson review Don't let the price and the fact that they are plastic fool you. This is an awesome pedal. Ive had it for a couple of months now and i would recommend it to anyone who wants to have a metal sound. It is made of a tough plastic and as long as you don't abuse it to much it should be fine. You can adjust all range of sound and make it yours. As the title states I love the sound and I also love the price. Buy this! overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian Tassina review  I am well pleased with the quality and performance of these cables. I have used them with my bands PA system and they work nicely. I would and do recommend them to anyone looking for quality at an affordable price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cefer review I liked it. Very useful for connecting rack components between. Great idea in different colors. I will buy it again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Debs review  I have purchased various lengths of these GLS cable to patch my rack equipment. They are well made, reliable and cost effective. The XLR connectors are secure and I couldn't purchase the cable and connectors and build them for less. The colors make it easy to identify the patches quickly especially in dim light. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  I use this to patch in four ports from aBBE DI-400 4 Channel Active Direct Box Direct Injection DI Boxand two from anAlesis Mic Tube Duo Stereo Tube Microphone Preamplifierinto a mixer. First, the size is perfect in my rack configuration. The cables easily reach, and the color coding makes it a snap to see at a glance what is connected to what. That is a great improvement over tags and labels that require you to get close to read.What makes these a bargain is construction. The insulators are tough and do not easily nick when being dragged around on rough stages. However, it's the attention to small construction details that I love. The XLR ends are quality components, but cheap, ill fitting junk that some companies use to keep costs down. And unlike those cheap ones these will mate and disengage smoothly. Another factor is the strain reliefs at each end. Those keep the conductors from fraying or breaking inside the cable, which will often occur at cable ends on cables without them.Overall each cable in this set is constructed to withstand frequent set-up and teardown, and is built to last. If you are shopping for patch cables in this size these are a great value in my opinion because you will probably not have to replace them for years. overallrating 5   lineend
name walter goodwyn review for any sound techs that like to make things simple and easy to work,these XLR jumper cables are the way to go, and the quality is impressive . I used them for a new set of wireless mike to jump into my 16 channel board and was it so easy, my mikes are color coded and my cable fitted right in with the same color code thus making it easy to identify from afar and easy to control on the mixing board. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Clark review This came today and I must say that it surpassed my expectations greatly. My Takamine acoustic/electric fits perfectly and is VERY STABLE on the stand. I have 100% confidence this will NEVER tip over on its own. You'd have to be a total klutz to knock this thing over. Anyone with less than 4 or 5 stars must be a paid shill.This is built like a tank and should last a lifetime. It is adjustable (the neck) fully padded, and the two-arm base piece swivels for a custom fit. The stand takes 30 seconds to assemble and folds down for easy transport. A+++++++++++++ overallrating 5   lineend
name Boba Chux review  It's a stand, it does what it's supposed too?  That being said, I try not to use stands as they are extremely unreliable.  I use these to put my instrument down for a short time only.  These are by far some of the better made ones I've found without a contraption to &#34;lock in&#34; my instrument and give a false sense of security.  These are made no where near how they used to be 20 years ago, in a negative way, but the foam/ medical piping has gotten better as the old stuff used to scuff and deteriorate really quickly.  I'd prefer a better stand, however, I question it's existence. overallrating 3   lineend
name C. Hill review  This OnStage \"Heavy Duty Guitar Stand\" is exactly what we were looking for to hold my son's acoustic guitar. Here are my observations:+ Easy to Setup; takes just a few seconds+ Sturdy; free standing design works well+ Neck Retainer; adds a degree of protection from accidental knocksThis is a great basic stand that works exactly like we hoped!Highly Recommended!CFH overallrating 5   lineend
name Howard J. Herman review Excellent value for the money although not any more heavy duty than other stands I own. Nice and stable for my classical guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jake review This is a good stand.  I've had other stands of tubular construction in the same price range before, and this one is definitely much sturdier.  It fits every guitar I've put in it just fine, and holds them rather steady even without fastening the clumsy band across the neck.  If you have ever been tempted to lean your guitar against something, then you owe it to your instrument to pick one of these up. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kevin J. Post review Using this for a PRS electric guitar with satisfactory results.  Easy to set up. Sturdy enough for repeated use.  No worries about using this with an expensive instrument.  Simply put, it's well made and works great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Marty Gillis review This stand was very inexpensive and I thought I could save a bit of money and give it a try for use with my Epi Sheraton II.  Unfortunately I am just not all that comfortable trusting my guitar to this stand.  It seems to be built well enough for what it is, but it seems quite unbalanced and always on the verge of tipping backwards. Also, for left/right stability you need to set the guitar just so in the bottom support piece or it seems 'tippy'.The construction itself is 'ok'. The rubber tips on the feet seem fine, but the front legs seem overly long with the rear foot overly short.  The body cradle is nicely padded but isn't firmly seated inside the center tube and even though it has a rudimentary locking design, it just isn't all that solid.  You can adjust the height but just inserting the top piece into the bottom caused deep scratches in the black paint of the top tube piece.  It ships with an unsightly white UPC sticker which must be tediously removed if you want it to look good onstage.Granted, the Sheraton II is a large and heavy guitar but the OnStage is billed as \"Heavy Duty\" and to me that means SOLID, which this stand just isn't, at least with larger guitars or basses.  When you use a guitar stand you can't afford to be dealing with something that is in the least bit temperamental or you risk damaging your instrument and possibly even your livelihood.Bottom line, you get what you pay for. For smaller, lighter guitars, Strats and such, it may be ok, but for Dots, Sheratons, 335's and larger Gretch's, I just wouldn't trust it and that goes for most basses as well.I will need to look for something else. overallrating 3   lineend
name Pepper review I have gone through a lot of stands and this one for the money is Great. As a matter of fact, I ordered 2 more. Get this one and have No Regrets........ overallrating 5   lineend
name Playgolfandtennis review This stand was purchased to replace my older bass guitar stand - which was weak and falling apart.  I neededa more heavy duty stand and this one is perfect. overallrating 5   lineend
name animulvr review I think it's good but for wiping down after playing or for buffing after wax on my classical guitar bodies, I think I prefer the old flannel cloths instead. Micro-fiber seems to be slicker and generally did not feel that it was doing the job (mostly removing finger prints etc). Maybe it needs to wear out a bit or if it had a thicker nap to it. overallrating 4   lineend
name bayou bob review ordered a few of these...should come in different sizes...but for the price these are fine...keep em in every case...enjoy..will buy again overallrating 5   lineend
name Black Keys review I chose this rating because I found this product superior to other similar products I have purchased in the past. overallrating 5   lineend
name Captn' Bob review This is a good micro-fiber cloth, but I guess because its from Ernie Ball it costs more than other clothes.  But if you are like me, its all about my axes, I have one in each gig bag/case!  I don't recommend using with polish, just a wipe down after each guitar or bass use. overallrating 4   lineend
name D. Howard review Works great with or without polish.  It is a good size and the ziplock bag it comes in keeps the polish I use from drying out. overallrating 5   lineend
name D.T. review Surprisingly this cloth is both soft and durable.  Works well with polish on natural wood instruments.  I plan to get another one for my laptop computer because of it's cling quality to dust. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jerome Vencalek review It is just as described,I am happy! Amazon always comes through,without a hitch,it was delivered as usual before stated time! overallrating 5   lineend
name Michaela review Removes grime and such. Makes surfaces very smooth(I don't know how it works individually, I used it with Gerlitz cleaning spray). It works well with cleaning spray. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael A. Johnson review does a good job polishing my strat after playing, reasonably priced, definitely something to keep around if you play your guitar regularly! overallrating 4   lineend
name M. Platt review  It works and it is relatively inexpensive. I keep it in the original packaging so that it stays fresher and it really makes the finish on my guitar shine like new. overallrating 4   lineend
name Tachyon review Awesome little untreated polishing cloth. I have purchased these for all of my guitars (more than I care to admit) and they are fantastic. They clean great, removing all oil and fingerprints and they are reasonably priced. Awesome product to keep your axe looking great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Anthony Caraballo review  I bought these xlr cables for my mobile DJ rig and they perform flawlessly.  The contruction is of high grade material and the signal is of studio quality.  Buy with confidence. overallrating 5   lineend
name Casby review  Colors help keep track of what is going into where. And the build quality is solid. I was warned about the shielding but I haven't experienced an issues yet. overallrating 5   lineend
name johnny8 review Good quality cables , bright colors make identification easy when hooking up to a mixer , this makes it easy to follow whats going to where , good connectors and nice flexible cable , does the job very well, with care they should hold up well , thumbs up for GLS overallrating 5   lineend
name karaoke review  I've used GLS products before and they are good quality for a fair price. Their microphones do a great job for little cost. I've been impressed. These cables didn't disappoint me, either. Don't judge their products on price alone. Try them first. You will be pleased and your bank account will thank you. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  The construction of this set is superb. The ends have heavy duty strain reliefs, and the XLR connectors are well made and perfectly mate with receptacles on the devices being patched.Probably the biggest plus is the cable itself, which appears to be heavy gauge - certainly thicker than my other patch sets - and built to last.In addition, I love the attention to detail in the form of color coding, which makes tracing cables behind the rack a lot easier.I have patch cables from different brands and this set does stand out for its quality when compared to the others. And the price is so close to the more generic ones that I have been using that I am switching over to this brand for my future needs. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert S.D. review I am no audio file, but these do the job and I like the colors.I did buy some more expensive Magami ones and I can't tell a difference. overallrating 5   lineend
name tekHedd review  Have used them for months with no failures. Decent quality ends and build. There's really nothing else to say about them, and I'm saying it now to reach the minimum length requirement. Buy some now? overallrating 5   lineend
name Victoria Tarrani review   Incredible quality and value.These cables are high quality in every respect and are much better than I expected for the price.They use heavy duty wire and insulation, and are well constructed. They employ quality connectors, and have strain reliefs on each end.The dual velcro ties are another indication of the quality of these cables, and the color coding is a big plus as well.Not only is the product outstanding, but I was contacted by the seller after the purchase to make sure I was happy with the cable set.I am so pleased with this purchase that I am a customer for life.  overallrating 5   lineend
name walter goodwyn review If you are have problems knowing what and where your systems are terminating, theses are a must for you. I have mastched them with my microphones and it is easy for controlling and identifying . overallrating 5   lineend
name A F&amp;T review Very happy with these cables. Just finished cutting my first home multi track recording and they did the job. Well made and look and feel sturdy. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review Good, inexpensive microphone cable. Even came with a couple of Velcro straps. The ends seem to be well made. Don't hear any anomalies in the audio. overallrating 5   lineend
name Arik Burke review Its the exact same thing as my &#34;Shure&#34; mic cable except the metal ends seem like they were made from a cheaper material. thats fine by me. They fit with no wiggle room and transfer phantom power as they should overallrating 4   lineend
name Ed Figueroa review XLR cables are hard to mess up...these are great. They do the trick. Why bother making your own cables when you can buy them already made this cheap? overallrating 5   lineend
name Jazzgryl52 review this is a solid cable works very well form I can now walk around more with the extension no more limitations. Quality is excellent. overallrating 5   lineend
name Larry Johnson review I purchased these cables for my Behringer 802 mixer & MXL 770 mic and these cables are perfect! Finally get to have quality sounding tracks knowing I have the professional cables to back me up! The best XLR cables you can find. Hands down. overallrating 5   lineend
name L. Rapoport review  I had purchased this cord and a 25' cord for an assignment I was going on. I had previously  bought a shorter cord that just didn't fit tight enough into the mic.  This one and the other one I bought were really a great, well made product and fit the mics tight and as they should.  I would recommend these cords and will look to purchase other lengths soon overallrating 5   lineend
name Rytetone review These cable are perfect!!  I've bought much more expensive cable that didn't have the quality of these.  They even had velcro (re-useable tape to hold them 2 each). overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Fabbri review  These balanced patch cables are great.  This is the third set of various music cables I've purchased from this brand and they are all great quality for the price.  Love their XLR microphone cables too. overallrating 5   lineend
name Big Daddy review  Ok, 6 TRS patch cables, 6' long each for $30 0? I was skeptical when I purchased these, but I'm happy that I did and will soon be ordering at least 6 more.  Absolutely no noise from my mixer to my stand-alone recorder or to my computer-based interface.Excellent value.Update:  I just received another set of these cables.  I'm extremely happy with the build quality and performance.  I'll be looking at additional items from this company. overallrating 5   lineend
name Blinky Morgan review I recently bought these for my home studio, so far so good, keyboards to mixer. They are a little flimsy, but so far no problems, have extras if necessary, high end cables also break down. They were packaged very good and the cable wraps are a plus. For the price and selection and results, works for me. overallrating 4   lineend
name HoboKing67 review The title says it all.  There is literally no better deal on the net for the quality you receive!  I've been using my cables very happily for 2 months now with no problems!  If you're looking for some good TRS cables....look no further!! overallrating 5   lineend
name IBZANE review I bought the TS version of these cables, and they have served me well, These are of the same quality, and a great value for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Keith Weiner review They look nice and do the job perfectly well.  The price is not too bad.  The colours help with organization. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tommy B. review Besides that fact that they are quality cables, the colors are pretty dope and really stand out nicely in the studio. overallrating 5   lineend
name E.I.E.I. Owen review The Fulltone Full Drive 2 is another incarnation of the original Fulldrive. Now with MOSFET circuitry available via toggle switch, this just makes the pedal even more flexible. Not to mention boutique quality at a working man's price.This device is built solid and sports a powder blue coat finish. The volume knob gives you lots of gain, the tone knob is a \"presence\" control, the overdrive knob adjusts the level of overdrive, and then there is the boost level. Yes, this is a 2-switch pedal, so when you are playing a chunky rhythm you can step on the \"boost: switch for a great lead tone.The toggle switch in between the tone and drive knobs affect the pedals tonal character as well as how the knobs affect each other. There is \"comp cut\" allowing for a cleaner boost, FM for \"flat mids,\" and \"vintage\" for a more Tubescreamer tone.As a bonus, the pedal is also capable of running on 18v power for cleaner headroom, which is handy for hum bucker pick-ups.If you have the scratch and are, looking for a perfect OD pedal then look at the Fulldrive 2. It may wind up having a permanent position on your pedal board. overallrating 5   lineend
name Josh Koterba review Holy buckets of tone batman!Let me start by saying, I'm always on the quest for great amazing tone. I think it ends here. This pedal is absolutely remarkable. Built like a tank, I'm pretty sure it will out live me. Its full of sonic options.The overdrive has a level, tone and overdrive. Almost self explanatory except the tone is more of a presence knob and less of an EQ which is a total plus in my book. it also has a mini toggle for comp cut, fm, and vintage modes. The comp cut is more of a clean boost to push your amps front end, the fm is really transparent, and the vintage mode gets you that creamy midrange bite.Yes, this may be another tube screamer clone, but it's a darn great one.The added MOSFET circuitry toggle gives it a lovely growl your low-end fattening it up, if thats your cup of tea, while the standard leaves it more transparent. You should know this switch does effect the whole signal, not just that of the boost side.On to my only negative check on this pedal, the boost ONLY works when the OD is on. It is not a boost to be run in series with the overdrive, just additional circuitry to add more gain to your OD signal.Another great feature, this pedal can be run at different volts from 9v-18v.Running at standard 9v gets you easier breakup, whereas 18v will get you more headroom.This pedal won't be leaving my board, probably ever. If you're even thinking about it, just do it!!! You'll never regret it. overallrating 5   lineend
name StevenEddy review  So far so good with this pedal. Nice clean boost and a good overdrive sound when the second stage is activated.I mainly play relatively clean through a tube amp and use this pedal to simply cut through on the leads.I don't use this pedal for searing leads or ultra dirty sounds - just a little dirt - and two levels of it.It makes a good single channel amp act like a three channel amp and so far it is working great!Main amps - 1960 Bassman - 2012 Fender Hot Rod Deluxe - 1957 Fender Bandmaster - these amps sound great with this pedal - I don't use all three at the same time but one of these amps is with me when I play out.This pedal is very versatile and there are lots of good sounds in there so you will probably find something you like in there - but I don't think it will metal very well by itself but it would kick the front end of a good tube amp into another level of distortion pretty good.                                         09/27/2013Still lovin' this pedal. You gotta run it on 18 volts to really wake it up.This pedal has a lot of various dirty sounds - and is very versatile.I would purchase another if I needed it.Worth every penny. overallrating 5   lineend
name Victor Hugo review This gear is for who wants a versatile overdrive pedal. It's go from light overdrives on channel 1 to heavy drives on boost channel. With mini trim pots you can add some flavor to the sound.On the other side, you can't use boost channel without drive channel. overallrating 5   lineend
name Walter NYC review Ever notice how every youtube video has pedals being demoed with either a Strat or a Tele?  We we can debate why that is but one thing for certain is it is tough to get an accurate idea of what an LP will sound like till after you unbox it.  After hours of research I decided on the FD2 since it seemed to have a lot of tuning options and I actually found a review using an LP into a clean amp.[...]Essentially, you get 3 modes which have varing degrees types of OD and a second boost mode to push things even father.  What I liked about this pedal is you can use the comp cut or flat mids with an LP and not increase the bottom end or mids which often Teles or Strats need.  Hence, you can go from slight boost to huge gain without turning into mud like some pedals will do.  The only downside is with so many options you will constantly be playing with the knobs and switches and finding new sounds.  Works fantastically with modeling amps which need varying amounts of clean and dirty OD depending on what you are modeling. overallrating 5   lineend
name A Customer review Guitar bag fit over my Fender T Bucket guitar. Cheap price and does the job. It has just enough padding and heavy duty nylon to protect my acoustic from being scratched. Worth $24. overallrating 5   lineend
name Alexandra Spark review  Haven't used it yet, but it looks nice and came quicker than expected. So far so good! I recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name jespi59jr review I'm a new user, but seem to be a Great product!!!! Can't complaint!!! I finally got it and saw how great it is. It has plenty of roomy pockets, great padding, and is put together with great quality. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Broshar review Very easy to get the guitar into and seems to protect the instrument very well.  Exactly as described in the ad. overallrating 4   lineend
name santos review ok when i saw the bag i was impressed nice looking and perfect style so i decided to buy it but the bag just arrive home \"12/23/11\" and is way different from the one on the picture is a black bag with one ugly red line on the middle and it looks like is not going to protect my guitar i am really upset, i would not returned because i don't feel like fighting with no body but they shouldn't do that to the costumer we pay how much they asking so a least we should get what we pay for. overallrating 1   lineend
name Stephen Jones review  This bag is made well enough. If you are careful it offers good protection. You can't rely on this bag alone if you are going to toss the guitar around and you certainly can't stack anything on it but it will prevent dings and scratches from occasional bumps etc. If your guitar is priceless than you should upscale your gig bag, otherwise it's a good bag, especially at this price. overallrating 5   lineend
name TomVestal review I'm very happy when I got this gig bag. Good quality and Thik cussion. Good enough to travel around this world with peace of mind.Best price with free shipping! That's good enough? Finish your serch and buy this one. I highly recomended this. PS.-this gig bag cannot fit full size guitar, OK? overallrating 5   lineend
name Aichokeu review Quick and accurate.  I also like to use the bypass mode as a standby switch for changing guitars.  Doesnt register notes well with both pickups engaged though. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review If you are like me that you love playing music, this is a good buy. It pretty much does what it's supposed to. So, you plug it and it's ready to use. It's pretty fast, and accurate for it's price. Light weight.The only thing that it takes a little longer is to tune the 6th string.Overall, it's good enough to buy it. overallrating 3   lineend
name Bacon review Its pretty delayed, and doesn't display the notes for very long, but I play in drop G, and it gets the job done. The construction isn't something I wanna step on, but in a bag its better than paying $100 overallrating 4   lineend
name Brother MOLOCH 969 review  Bought this in early March this year & have it in-line with my other effects pedals on my pedal board. No problems with it at all. It works as advertised. I've found it to be better quality than the on board tuner that comes in my Fender G-Dec amp so what does that tell you?Not sure what the other low ratings for this pedal are all about because I love mine. For the money you can't get one that touches it. So what if it's not $100+? That means you have more green stuff to buy other things.Since buying this one & having it work so well, I now own a couple of other Behringer pedals. overallrating 5   lineend
name Carlos De Cunha review  Every Guitarist needs a good tuner! and everyone knows Boss makes some of the best products. The fact is tho I really cant afford to spend 90-100usd for a tuner! When I received this unit I decided first thing I was going to do was to compare it to my other hand held chromatic tuners. They all work the same. Using this pedal I am able to obtain the same results, that's good enough for me. Activating the tuner takes a little over 2-3 seconds, but that's fine since I usually tune within breaks and you hardly need to tune especially when you have a good guitar/tuning pegs. overallrating 4   lineend
name Claudia A. Portillo review for musicians in a budget this is the deal, it is not the best but it still does the job.not very powerful to read the signal of strings in my acoustic guitar as it does the Boss tuner, but for electric or bass is fine.very accurate too. just gettit if u are in a budget. overallrating 4   lineend
name GaryG review WOW, I got more than I expected from this Chromatic Tuner, Sure it's a plastic case, but who would be rough on a pedal anyways, had it about 3 weeks now, and im impressed, I see people say the blue indicator light is too bright, but truthfully, its OK, because the tuner lights are plenty bright enough, if it is too bright for you, just put a little piece of black tape over the light, but like i said its OK cause you can still see the tuner lights, I use this pedal with theVisual Sound One Spot Combo Pack, works like a charm. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gregory Madden review i had no issues with this, got it so i could tune on stage while playing without making lots of noise. works great, does exactly what it says, definetly get the power supply with it, so you never have to worry about a battery. i said but in the headline because i only used it 3 times. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ian M. Mcclintock review Look at this pedal.  Look at what it does, and what it costs.  $30 for a tuner in a pedal form factor, and that's if you don't even try to hunt down a lower price.  By contrast, Boss's TU-2 is essentially the same thing in a more durable housing, and it costs $100 retail.Yes, the housing is made of plastic.  I don't know about you, but I generally won't be leaping with both feet onto my tuner in the middle of a set.  If you treat your gear with any respect whatsoever, it should survive.  And if it doesn't, so what?  It's cheap to replace.The other person on here obviously got a faulty model, which happens.  Mine's developed a touchy input jack over time (it's actually the earlier TU-100 model), but I don't know that it's totally unexpected on a pedal this cheap.  One star off for these kinds of quality control problems, just to be fair.  I own three other Behringer pedals as well, and they're still going strong.A tuner is an essential part of any musician's rig, and this does the job just fine.  Use the money you save towards buying a really nice stompbox that will actually affect your sound while playing.UPDATE: After having used a new tuning pedal for some time, I will admit that, yes, this is a subpar tuner.  However, I still stand by my original opinion that for the amount of money you pay, this isn't a bad investment.  For a guitarist just starting out, this would still make a good first tuner when you really want to spend your money on pedals that will affect your sound. overallrating 4   lineend
name Megs review This is not a gigging pedal. You do not have time to tune with this pedal at a gig, so if you're planning on gigging in the next month or so spend the $50 on a Korg. However if you're an at-home player who just wants to not have to mess around with regular electric tuners, this is worth the price. It sits right on the pedal board, the signal flies through it when it's off so there's no monkeying with your cables everytime you want to switch between standard and Drop D, and it's as accurate as the Korg is. It's just also slow. It takes a good 2-3 seconds to register a change, which is fine when you're just practicing or even for recording at home where a few seconds aren't crucial. I just recommend something a little faster if you need to tune quickly between songs. overallrating 4   lineend
name Peter A. Andolfi review  Seems great need more time to explore what it can do... overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Johnson review  This workk well however I do get some residual noise that causes the meter to shift to to flat side of the range. I may need new cables. overallrating 5   lineend
name SoundSteeler review Not bad at all, this unit tunes really well, same as the Boss original, the only difference is that this one takes like 1 sec to respond after the pedal is activated, the Boss is instantaneous, other than that both units behave exactly the same. Some criticize this brand for making cheap clones but the truth is that they are making musicians on a budget a great favor, for those of you who do not want to spend $100 on a tuner this one is just perfect; since I am a collector I have other brands to compare (Boss, Korg, Fender...) and it is the same thing, it is as accurate as the Boss , at least mine is, and is a good mute switch also, I am happy with mine.... overallrating 4   lineend
name zxrslant review  thing works fine... easy to understand settings ..sturdy enough.. lights nice an bright. i like it..use with power supply and not batteries..works best overallrating 4   lineend
name Bloose review So far this cable has worked very well. It has had no issues at all. For the money you cannot even make your own. overallrating 5   lineend
name Christopher John Taylor review  Cables are good, my only complaint is the connectors. The 1/4&#34; is not too bad at all, but the XLR end looks and feels cheap. I guess that's because they are cheap. Very good price and good performance. No wierd signal buzz like other cables in this category. Overall, 4 stars! overallrating 4   lineend
name David G review It's not as nice as my Audio Technica one but this does the job and I'm happy.  A little flimsier than the AT but at the price it's good. overallrating 4   lineend
name G. L. Beebe review Great price but very fragile.  I'm a 30 year radio pro always careful about my cables.  The end separated from the cable - not very good quality, would not buy this brand again. overallrating 5   lineend
name kgbak review In my experience these cables were not great.  The connectors rattle, they are made of cheap materials and the cable subsequently had a ton of line noise.  I can't expect miracles at that price-point but I certainly expected better. I avoid this brand of cables. overallrating 2   lineend
name Kilroy review Love these pedals good buy overallrating 5   lineend
name carolinaautoguy review Double bass pedal has a quality build.Solid frame, quiet mechanism.Easy to build and breaksdown for transport.Solid attachment to bass drum.Easy to adjust with reversible mallets.As nice as any pedal twicecas expensive, so great value. overallrating 5   lineend
name Nicholas A. Douglas review  These pedals are great!! A friend of mine said I should buy other pedals because these pedals aren't manufactured by a very known brand name but I went with my own judgement and I was not disappointed with them. I have increased my speed a lot since I've gotten em and I can pedal songs like \"All Nightmare Long\" and \"Beast and the Harlot\" now  =]  great pedals. BUT, it takes time to develop speed so don't think the pedals suck just because you barely get em and you can't go all Jason Costa on em overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul McDermitt review  I bought this for my son's 7th birthday. He badly needed an upgrade from his Ludwig Jr Kit's bass pedal. This is a great pedal for younger kids, or people learning the double bass for the first time. Seems a little slow, but, as I said, for my 7 year old it is perfect. Seems well build, but for pros or the gigging musician, you may want to save up some change and buy a better pedal. 5 stars because of the price and what I was expecting to get. I wasn't expecting pro level gear for a sub $100 pedal. overallrating 5   lineend
name Victoria Tarrani review  When I purchased this pedal from a local music store I wasn't even looking for a double pedal set, but for a replacement for the pedal that came with my Tama Stagestar kit.  During my quest for a pedal that had the feel I wanted I sat behind a Pacific drum kit that had these pedals. At first I ignored the second bass pedal and played a bit with just the right pedal and hi-hat.  I liked the feel of the right pedal and was about to ask if the store had it in a single pedal configuration when I decided to see what it was like playing double. Wow - it immediately expanded my range and opened up a plethora of possibilities.This pedal is nearly infinitely adjustable, especially cam rotation, spring tension, and beater offset.  Most of the adjustments require a hex wrench, which is fairly standard for most modern single and double pedals. The left side slave pedal has a full floorplate, and the linkage rod that connects the right and left pedals will not bind at any angle I have tried.  There is a slight lag on the left pedal, which is normal for any double pedal configuration, but you'll quickly compensate for that as you get used to a double pedal if you are moving from a single pedal.Before I purchased this particular model I tried out Tama's Iron Cobra, Pearl's Powershifter and a Gilbralter Avenger.  I did not like the stiffness of the Iron Cobra, but did like the Pearl and Gibraltar pedals.  It finally came down to either this or the Gibralter, which was slightly smoother, but significantly more expensive.  I opted for best value without sacrificing performance or quality and am thrilled with this pedal.If you are moving from a single to double pedal configuration I strongly recommend that you give this one a serious look.  More importantly, try out this pedal in a local store and compare it to other double models - selecting a bass pedal is a personal decision with many more factors than price, features and quality.  It has to feel right.  In addition, you will find that you will be using the double bass more than your hi-hat, which means that you will need to compensate.  For that I recommend the Gibraltar hi-hat drop clutch (ASIN B0002F73YY), which will allow you to engage and disengage your hi-hat with ease.  I have my hi-hats set for a slight opening in the normal closed position, but stepping on the hi-hat pedal - using the clutch - puts it in full play position.  Tapping the lever on the clutch closes them again.  This clutch is a perfect companion to a double bass pedal! overallrating 5   lineend
name Fabio review This is, by far my favorite pedal on my pedal board, but you should know somethingi hate it at first, because i had a solid state amp, and this one sounded like crap(sorry for the bad word), then i got a tube amp, and omg, its like GOD in person.I really really recomend this one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Home in NJ review Excellent stomp box. You can dial it right in to get that SRV sound. Very sturdy and very well made. A must have for any blues player. overallrating 5   lineend
name puddytat review For the money this is a tremendous pedal.  The next step up might be the new MXR Bonamassa tube pedal but that is almost double the price.  By the way Bonamassa does use this pedal albeit a fairly old one ... maybe the maxon made version.  I doubt there is that much difference...  Very well made and useable and effective tone controls unlike other pedals that I find only click in at the ends of the adjustments and the middle area is modest.  It is great and I kinda like the great look.  You really have to watch the prices cause they do fluctuate a fair bit .  It has gone up more than 10 percent in just a few weeks.. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sam review If you need a tube screamer. You can't go wrong with the TS9. The only reason why you shouldn't get it, is if it isn't the right tone for you. I say this because you can't say anything bad about this pedal. It sounds amazing. It just might not be your sound. I personally went with the TS808 because it compliments my amp better than the TS9. People who say this is better than the TS808 or vice versa are choosing the wrong wording. They prefer it. It's not better. Both are great. overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review First off, this is a great, classic pedal that has shaped the tones of rock and blues artists all over the musical map.  It's actually a reissue of the pedals Ibanez made in the 1980's, though there's some debate over whether or not  the modern circuitry retains all of that original tone.  In my opinion, unless you're being purposefully picky or have the most elite of trained ears, you would never be able to tell the difference.  The construction is sturdy (metal and actually heavier-feeling than a BOSS pedal).  The LED light, for some reason, is difficult to see from an angle, but that's largely an irrelevant gripe.But let's be clear what a \"Tube Overdrive\" pedal is and isn't.  This is NOT a distortion petal like the Boss DS-1 or Metal Zone (MT-2).  It is also not a \"fuzz\" pedal like you would hear on a Jimi Hendrix song.  It is not meant for heavy rock/metal/grunge type music.  If you need heavy distortion to mask sloppy playing, the TS9 is not for you.What it DOES do, however, is to boost the signal at the front end, which essentially results in a more dynamic done with additional gain.  This can result in a very midrange-heavy \"blues\" tone (Stevie Ray Vaughan used it quite a bit), or even a nice \"crunch\" overdrive tone (AC/DC) for rhythm work.  Some guitars use it simply to boost their signal without adding a bunch of additional gain.  It also works well with other distortion pedals for that purpose.Long story short - the Ibanez TS9 Tubescreamer really is one of the more versatile pedals you will use - just don't expect it to create every range of sounds you need right out of the box.  For a cheaper alternative, consider Digitech's surprisingly good \"Bad Monkey\" overdrive pedal, which is half the price and gives you more control over tone.  I've also compared this to BOSS's BD-2 Blues Driver, which is an excellent, but very different style of overdrive.  (The BD-2 has a much hotter output and is more aggressive; the Tubescreamer is more subtle and works in the midrange while retaining your underlying clean tone and responding to picking style).  If you start with a good amp and guitar setup, the Tubescreamer will sound great.  It won't completely transform your tone, but it will give your current tones a boost, make those solos really sing and those rhythm chords really crunch. overallrating 5   lineend
name Victor Hugo review I bought this unit for a friend, and I could compare with others overdrives I already have. I think the MXR Badass Custom Modified Overdrive or Way Huge Green Rhino are better choise. overallrating 2   lineend
name Charlo review I've owned a TS808 since I purchased it used in the 80s for around $20.  Yes, this is a great overdrive.  This pedal has many famous users and it has been used on many iconic recordings.  Pair this with a strat and run it into an amp on the verge of breakup - now you're in tone heaven.  But the plain truth is this:  there are tons of pedals out there now that do what this does - and they do it for a fraction of the cost of the 808 reissue.  This was the original but by no means the last word in overdrives.  I own a boatload of other dirt boxes and while this one is iconic it's not the most transparent or versatile. There is a 'mid hump' in the EQ of this pedal that either sits well with what you are playing or it doesn't.  I'm glad I own mine but I don't think I'd shell out what they are charging these days for the reissue.  If I am not mistaken both the TS9 and the TS7 can be modded to this circuit with less than 25 cents in parts and about 15 minutes of your time.  If this pedal came in under the $100 mark it would be more deserving of five stars.  I really hate to burst anyone's bubble but SRV's tone was really in his fingers.  And so is yours ;) overallrating 4   lineend
name Cut to the Chase review Years ago I owned an original edition TS808; I loved that pedal and used it for years on stage.  Eventually I sold it many years later, but I always missed that pedal, so I decided to give this reissue a try. My verdict: Awesome - It sounds just like I remember. The TS808 just has that 'certain something' that really brings out a nice smooth overdrive sound, especially when it's to enhance the overdrive sound you may already have. overallrating 5   lineend
name H town review I have only used one of these with a hybrid tube amp and a solid state but I hear that it will work with either tube or solid state amplifiers. It really gives my amplifier a warm overdriven sound. This pedal can be used to boost your guitar sound during solos or certain guitar parts. This pedal has three preamp settings: Ts9, Hot, +, and Turbo. It's great for solos and warm blues or rock rhythm guitar. One nice thing about this is it responds well to how soft or hard you pluck the strings. For example: if you set on the \"Turbo\" setting and pick with your fingers it will clean up nicely. If you pluck hard it will make a smooth distorted sound. If you want a metal sound, then I recommend the Metal Zone by Boss/Roland.BOSS MT-2 Metal Zone Overdrive Distortion Pedal overallrating 5   lineend
name Ray Mond review There is a reason this is the number one best selling guitar effect pedal on the market.  The Tube Screamer just works.  :-) overallrating 5   lineend
name Sam review If you need a tube screamer. You can't go wrong with the TS808. The only reason why you shouldn't get it, is if it isn't the right tone for you. I say this because you can't say anything bad about this pedal. It sounds amazing. It just might not be your sound. I personally went with the TS808 because it compliments my amp better than the TS9. People who say this is better than the TS9 or vice versa are choosing the wrong wording. They prefer it. It's not better. Both are great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Slashaholic Anonymous review To start, as the full name of this pedal would indicate, this pedal is for tube amps. I can't comment on how it'll sound for a hybrid, and my experience is that it's definitely not for solid state. Distortion pedals go much better with solid state. Further, tube screamers aren't meant to take your tube amp from clean to high gain; again, that's what a distortion pedal will do. Tube screamers in general are designed to drive your tubes a little harder,and are most commonly used as a solo boost. Tube screamers are in the category of \"overdrive\" pedals, and like the name would indicate, they're meant add a little extra \"over\" an already \"driven\" amp, but in a more natural, smooth, organic way then a distortion pedal would.HOWEVER, the Ibanez TS-9dx does more than your typical tube screamer. The extra knob that switches between ts9, +, hot, and turbo mode adds a whole lot of tone and use options. Let me expound:I play hard rock and metal through a Bugera 1990 head (basically a Marshall JCM 900)and cab with celestion vintage 30 speakers. While that amp does have a fair amount of gain and bass on tap, it's not quite enough to accurately get more modern tones unaided. A standard Ibanez TS-9 or some other knock-off tube screamer will not be able to get an amp like mine into more modern, heavier tones, because standard tube screamers also slightly cut bass and add some mids, again, to help solos cut through the mix. But the extra knob on the ibanez ts9dx solves this problem. By switching to +, hot, or turbo mode, the pedal adds bass and a little extra gain incrementally. I like the \"+\" setting the best. So the way I use this pedal is that I'll set my amp for my standard crunchy rhythm tone with the gain on the amp already fairly high. Then, for the songs that utilize a little heavier sound, I'll kick on my ts9dx, with the drive pretty low (9 o'clock), volume at 12 o'clock, tone about 1 o'clock, and + mode. With these settings it increases the bass and general thickness of my tone, and adds a little gain and volume. So it's basically like adding another channel to my amp.I will add one detail that might make or break this pedal for you: tubescreamers in general, and certainly this Ibanez ts-9dx, add mid-range to your tone automatically. And you can't dial it out. The regular ts-9 mode adds some low mids, and a little more high mids. The other modes add more low mids in particular, which in part contribute to the overall \"thickness\" to the tone, which can be great. But if you're after a scooped mid sound, say for metal, then I would only recommend this pedal as a solo boost, where the mids will help cut through the mix.In conclusion, it's probably safe to say that most people who buy tubescreamers are probably playing blues of some sort and are just looking to boost their volume and maybe add a little dirt. And yes, this pedal will do that. So will the BBE greenscreamer, behringer tube overdrive,mxr distortion plus, Boss SD-1, digitech bad monkey, or several other ibanez tube screamer pedal variations. But by adding the turbo-mode options, the Ibanez TS-9dx will work for the hard rock and metal players (depending on the exact style) in a way that these plethora of other options won't. overallrating 5   lineend
name Victor Hugo review This unit is like a old blue jeans. Problaly exist betters pedals, but it's produce the vintage overdrive that match with everything... overallrating 5   lineend
name Anthony review I am a tone freak. I bought this pedal a while back under the impression that it would sound equal to a big muff. At the time i had never owned a big muff. I thought the sound it produced was big muff sound. I later took it to my friends house and matched settings with a real big muff. The difference was huge. The big muff sounded fuller where the little one sounded like you just took the sound and trapped it in a little box. I later bought a big muff and its been one of my go to pedals for at least three years of gigging. I am currently loving it still but i am curious about the nano big muff because i am looking to clear out space on my board but i will probably not use it if it sounds anything less than the real deal. I would only use the little big muff if my concerns for sound were out shined by the need to minimize board space overallrating 2   lineend
name Devin review  Consider the distortion sound of Cream, the Doors, and ZZ top.  That buzzy, psychedelic type sound is what this pedal does.  Unfortunately, that's about all it does.  However, if you want to have the perfect \"break on through\" guitar intro sound, this is absolutely the pedal for you.  Quality-wise it's awesome, and if I needed that sound I would definitely own one again.  I got rid of mine to purchase some other gear that served a wider variety of functions, and honestly I haven't missed it, because I'm not in a Doors cover band or anything. overallrating 4   lineend
name Otto Correct review If you're not familiar with EHX's signature distortion/fuzz pedal the Big Muff, please go to a guitar shop somewhere and try one out.  Describing its sound with words helps, but doesn't really do it justice.  It definitely owns its own sonic territory and after playing through one for a while you'll see why so many guitarists of so many fields have one on hand.They're one of my very favorite effects, honestly.  So for this review, I'm going to focus more on how the Little Big Muff stacks up against the other models.For starters, this version takes care of ALL of the common complaints regarding the NYC reissue.1.  Its true bypass.2.  Its much smaller (not super tiny like a Boss, but a little slimmer than, say, the wider MXR pedals like the Phase 100).3.  It uses a normal 9v adapter jack (thank you, finally!).4.  It sounds better.Yes, it indeed SOUNDS better than the NY Reissue.  Some have complained about the buzzy sound the recent reissue has.  This one is smoother.  Not as creamy as the Russians, but it also doesn't suck tone like that one does either.  Its a touch higher gain than both the Russians and the Tone Wicker versions, but all in all it absolutely is a Big Muff.So if you're in the market for one of these, and you don't want the options the Tone Wicker Muff provides, this is absolutely where its at.  Its better in every way than the NY Reissue.Also, it costs less money! Yay! overallrating 5   lineend
name Randy V. Brown review This is a well built, and high quality product. It provides great sustain and distortion. If you're on a budget, but still want professional sound; this product is what you're looking for. overallrating 5   lineend
name Victor review The Little Big Muff does one thing spectacularly well: it delivers massive fuzz-plus-sustain. For that purpose, it's excellent, both in sound and construction (it feels like a metal brick). However, be warned: if you're looking for a standard \"distortion pedal,\" this is not it. It's a fuzz pedal. It delivers ferocious fuzz but is not a general purpose distortion pedal (like, say, a BOSS DS-1). If a great fuzz pedal is what you want, this is a superb choice--and, so far as I know, the best one for its price. If the price is still too much for you, consider the ModTone Fuzzer, which is about as good but substantially cheaper (at least as I write this). overallrating 5   lineend
name Violet Deliriums review I own several Electro-Harmonix pedals and overall I like the brand (even though the owner appears to me to be a sexist pig clown boy in many of his YouTube videos). Of those I own, two of them are the smaller versions of the GIGANTOR classic E-H pedals, one of them being the Little Big Muff.First of all, if you have no idea of the difference between fuzz, overdrive, and distortion you should look into it before you buy anything. These effects are used in different musical styles and produce different sounds, so your choice will depend on what exactly you plan to do. Do some research by looking on YouTube, looking at Dave Hunter's book on effects, and testing them out at a store.If you are looking for a basic fuzz box, the Little Big Muff will give you nice sound similar to (if not the same) as that of the Big Muff Pi, depending on the exact year/model you have. I think the tone is great, but as with most basic fuzz boxes, there are only so many different sounds that you can get out of them. It is simple to use though, and it makes a lot of noise.As a bonus, these don't take up a lot of pedalboard space compared to the Big Muff Pi, yet will give the same tone. It is great for punk, alt rock/grunge, and classic hard rock like Hendrix and Black Sabbath.I also have a germanium (red) Dunlop Fuzz Face Mini, another good small version of one of the classics, and the Fuzz Face mini that gives you the most low end emphasis of the three (the blue silicon and aqua Hendrix models boost treble more). To quickly compare it to the Little Big Muff regarding sound, the Fuzz Face does not have a tone control, but I think it gives a better control over the fuzz saturation. While the Little Big Muff will give you more control over the tone (EQ), like many EHX pedals it goes from zero to crazy rather quickly. In this case when you begin turning the Sustain, it is not long before you are in very fuzz saturated zone. As you increase the amount of saturation, you get more sustain but less control of the dynamics so all your pick attacks begin to sound the same. So, I'd say while both the red Dunlop Fuzz Face Mini & the Little Big Muff are good tools, each comes with its own disadvantages.Though some E-H units come with power supply, this one does not and you will need to get one unless you like changing batteries. Although few pedals come with power supplies, I think its lame not to include them and you will need to factor it into the cost of the unit.If you are into looking at pretty pedals on your board, then you might be able to find a prettier fuzz box than the stark and dreary industrial-looking Little Big Muff. I like pretty things, but the sound of this unit is too good to pass up and it is a great tool to have in your kit.Bottom line:(1) Gives the classic Big Muff fuzz sound(2) Does not eat up pedalboard space like the old GIGANTOR models(3) Noisy (not always in a good way) when on, but has true bypass when off(4) Has tone control (EQ), but the \"Sustain\" saturates very quickly so you get less fuzz control (limits dynamic control of your picking)(4) Simple to use, but limited sound palette(5) Decent price, but power supply sold separately(6) Bleak appearance (not shiny, colorful, or sparkly) overallrating 5   lineend
name Applewhite Minyard review This is an interesting, limited effect pedal. I bought it mainly to use with my (non-pedal) steel guitar. On a pedal steel you can bend notes with the pedals and levers, and most steel players use a volume pedal to do swells. However, I play standing up and manipulating the volume pedal was difficult to control because of balancing on one foot and the sensitivity of some of the pedals.This pedal gives a simulation of the volume swells that give steel guitar that distinctive sound. It's sort of like an automatic wah in the way it works. Since the steel is always being played by picking the individual strings (no chording), this pedal works along with that technique. I combine it with a sustainer to make the swells extend a little, and it gives a fair approximation of using a volume pedal to swell the notes.I tried this with regular guitar, but it's not the same. For chords, it does add an effect, but it's not very distinctive, and for single notes, it would depend on the song. I haven't really found many instances where it's useful there either, as I normally don't want volume swells for solos on guitar, but on steel guitar, it works very well. overallrating 4   lineend
name CUSTOMER review Leeeeeeeeeet meeeeee Saaaaaaay thiiiis iiiis Nooooot liiiiiiiiike whaaaaaat IIIII thooooought.  Wow almost like the opposite it is like a violin sound or mock reverse single delay sound.  Gotta love the slow moe overallrating 5   lineend
name Evan Anderson review It's a cool pedal, especially considering it's price, but don't be fooled. All this pedal does is perform volume swells. Any other sound you are able to create with this pedal, you wouldn't JUST be using this pedal. Think of it as a supplumentary effect. If you want to really get cool sounds with this pedal, you need to use it in combination with other effects; Reverse delay, wah, distortion, etc.It's convenient too, if you are playing and you want use volume swells, but you also want to use other effects like wah, whammy, something else that requires the attention of your feet. If you get the settings right you can just click this effect on and it will take care of the swells. I would say thats probably the best part about the pedal and the biggest reason to get it. Pure convenience.It has it's quirks though, If you set the sensitivity all the way at minimum it drastically cuts down your sustain. To the point where its non-existent. But the purpose of having the dial set like that is so that you can play loud and fast and still have the effect behave properly. If sensitivity is increased to say halfway and you try to play loud and fast, the volume effect will only occur on the first note struck... the rest will just play as if the effect was off.Other than that, its built well, doesnt add any hiss. no noticeable signal loss, other than if the sensitivity is at min. The battery compartment is a pain to get to thats for sure. power adapters are your friend.It's cheap, its convenient. But i wouldn't recommend it for someone who is more into metal or fast and loud styles of play because that pretty much renders this pedal useless... especially since that style usually results in moments where you want to hit and sustain a note in the middle of playing hard and fast... that type of thing will make this pedal a useless hunk of plastic and circuitry. Oh that reminds me, the casing is plastic...:-/ overallrating 3   lineend
name Mike Black review I bought this effect because I saw a few YouTube demos that made it look pretty good. I had always wanted an attack delay effect and the Behringer Slow Motion was priced well below all competitors. When it arrived, I tested it thoroughly and found that it is tricky to learn and limited in scope. It only works well under these circumstances: All notes must be played slowly, individually and deliberately in order for the attack delay effect to kick in. You can't play a quick series of notes and expect the effect to work properly. Having said that, I found that the effect is nice, once you have mastered the technique. I tried to use it in conjunction with overdrive and sustain pedals and it did not work well at all. Other reviewers have suggested using it with a digital or analog delay pedal, which I have not tried. I considered returning the unit to Amazon for a refund, but I don't think that would be fair as it DOES work to some extent and it didn't cost me a lot of money in the first place. However, I do not think I would recommend it to a friend. overallrating 3   lineend
name S. Thompson review  It was Not what I wanted. When A Person has a low Income We can Not afford what We can Not use. I was looking for what Is called Shimmer most Reverbs do Not have Shimmer as the RV600 Because Digitech called Shimmer, String Swell and Volume Swell Is linked to the Violin Sound It cost Me 30 0 Its called Slow Motion for a reason because It has to be played slow to hear the effect the only way to hear It Is with Over Drive being played on the high Strings. It might be good for playing with a Bow, I have No Idea because I can Not afford a Bow. overallrating 1   lineend
name Alexander V. Ramos review  s in YouTube. Not to mention the bargain basement price.The three modes can be accessed via a switch on the right side of this pedal. The two fuzz modes (in my view) don't perfectly emulate any one pedal, but are extremely useful nonetheless.FUZZ 1 is a creamy, midrange filled sound. It doesn't get too bright, until the TREBLE knob is pushed past 3 o' clock. This fuzz could make even anemic single coils sound rich and thick. With humbuckers, it's actually quite clean in silences until the gain is past about 2 o' clock. I love the way this fuzz sputters when notes and chords decay. It seems to work best with power chords (root-5th note), and single notes. If you play complex chords, you'll hardly notice them; if you try to play them, use as little gain as possible.FUZZ 2 is more in line with the Big Muff. It has a scooped midrange, which makes things sound dark and sinister. With the increased bass and treble, complex chords work slightly better here. This fuzz also has more sustain than FUZZ 1, so it buzzes longer. This makes it great to use alongside a guitarist that's using a looser sounding high gain tone that isn't necessarily fuzzy. (Head era KoRn comes to mind for me...)The third option is ultimately what made my purchase worthwhile. BOOST. This mode is a clean boost with a flat midrange level. It actually distorts a little, but that's only after cranking the EQ and GAIN knobs all the way up. The resulting buzz does sound a bit like a slightly overdriven non-master volume amp (or a master volume's clean channel fully cranked). Still, throughout most of its gain and volume range, BOOST does a good job of staying clean. This would be great for pushing an amp into overdrive, or extending the gain of a heavily distorted sound. It might also be useful for a tiny volume boost for cleaner guitar tones, or just to maintain a stronger signal for a path full of effects.Overall, I like the tones this pedal spits out. I've only had it a few hours, but I love what I'm hearing so far. The build is similar to the other Behringer pedals I have, a NR100 noise reducer, and a TO800, their overdrive that sounds like a Tube Screamer. With this more recent pedal (built on June of 2010), the knobs seem slightly sturdier than before. I'd still not abuse them too much, though. As always, really abusive stompers might want to look elsewhere (or find a way to put the guts inside a custom built tank).You can't go wrong with the bright blue LED, either! Makes it easy to see on a dark stage, along with the dayglo orange pedal color. overallrating 4   lineend
name Brian F. review Buy this. It's cheap and better than Fuzz pedals that cost 6 times as much. It can go from a clean boost to a slight octave up fuzz that has to be heard.....Amazing sounds! overallrating 5   lineend
name Charlo review Nice features on a pedal this cheap.  I like the capacity to independently control treble and bass.  Switch actually works and makes a marked difference in the pedal.  Not the bulletproof construction of a Boss pedal, but I have quite a few Behringer pedals and I've yet to have a malfunction in more than a year.  I have an EH Big Muff, and this pedal is closer to that than to a Dunlop Fuzz face.  For this price, it's another great tool for your arsenal.  One thing to keep in mind with any pedal that is not true bypass - if you string a bunch of them together, you are going to experience the dreaded 'tone suck'.  If most of your pedals are true bypass or have a high quality buffered bypass, you will be fine. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jerry review There is such a thing as too much.  You'll find it in this pedal.  I have both this and the Boss distortion pedals, and prefer the Boss. overallrating 3   lineend
name Marilyn Brown review Real good variation from full out (RAT like) to not so much saturation. The treble and bass control make HUGE sound differences. Its plastic so dont jump on it! The 1 & 2 ( I dont use the boost but its cool) make it that much more versatile. You wont be sorry! Almost bought a Big Muff or another RAT but Im glad I spent WAY less money. overallrating 5   lineend
name Shady Neighbor review I'm an acoustic player, but every once in a while I break out the Strat just to have some fun and get a little variety.  I wanted to get some of the cool 70s fuzz going just to play around and experiment.  For me, this pedal was a great way to do that.With electric guitar, I'm not a tone freak and I don't need everything to sound 100% authentic.  For me, this pedal gets you 80% of the way there.  It has two different types of fuzz and plenty of flexible with the controls.If you're comparing this to $80 Boss fuzz pedal, this one is probaly a lower build quality (e.g. made from plastic), but it's also only $25.  I'm not taking it gigging or stomping on it in my garage, so I'll gladly take the savings. overallrating 5   lineend
name aspiring saint review  None of the problems on/off that plague the Cry Baby.  Better sound too!  People are sold on that because of its association with Hendrix.  But THIS is the original, and the best.  Obligatory. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeremy Mos review Well long story short this is my fourth Vox wah. Others have come and gone, some have been around longer than others but this one is the newest so im still working with it. sounds like the classic v847 but has the ac plug on it, that will come in handy. not as versatile as the JS big bad wah but far less complex and less likely to have issues with dust and dirt. it has a wide sweep and killer tone but im still looking for that sweet spot that gives that wah'o sound when doing solo work. so far so good not perfect but good. overallrating 4   lineend
name JoseAlmanya review When its about wah effects I'm too careful cuz not all brands make it well. When I found this one I can be shure that there is no more wah sound out there, crunchy, warm and with the clarity of this... I prefere vox in wah effects, and this its a great choice and its too cheap for the quality you get!! 100% happy with this... Recommended!! :) overallrating 5   lineend
name kgbak review I just got this and I've noticed that it when I activate the pedal it sucks almost all of the bottom end out of my tone... I have a crybaby that doesn't have the range the 847 does but its 10x's more transparent.  There may be other factors at play here as it is new, but the lesson is: try it before you just buy it to make sure it works for you. overallrating 1   lineend
name muttonchops review  I was amazed by the quality of construction of this item. It looks like it can put a dent in a car or break windows.The chrome on the sides looks very cool. Makes it look really smart.The battery installs easily by simply unscrewing the rubber feet at the bottom.The sound of this wah is pretty much exactly like Hendrix Clapton from the sixties. Its a wah and wah and does just that.I tried it on both clean and distorted sounds and it sounds great on both.I'm not sure if its a true bypass but I have a feeling it is. Because when its switched on without the battery there's no sound coming from it. Correct me if I\"m wrong.It's different sounding from the Crybaby wah. You should listen to both to know which is right for you. I wanted the \"Tales of Brave Ulysses\" sound so I went with this. overallrating 5   lineend
name bean review  i started useing these about 3 yrs ago they are worth the investmentthere grat for a long performance takes alot of pressure off the shoulderif you have never used one befor try it you will like it overallrating 5   lineend
name Benjamin Adrian review I have many heavy guitars.  Yet wide guitar straps are for old men and blues posers.  I'm neither.  However, my back was still hurting, and I'm definitely a weakling.  So I bought this shoulder pad.  Now I only look like a weakling to the more eagle-eyed people who see me play guitar.  Thanks Planet Waves!Really, though, it's quite good. overallrating 5   lineend
name carolinaautoguy review The padding is comfortable but slightly heavy, Velcro flaps make installation easy. The only thing I do not like is that it is prone to slide around on my nylon strap. I will probably use double sided tape to attach it to the strap, I feel they should ave designed the inner flap with something less slippery. overallrating 4   lineend
name C. Candy review I'm not a big fan of Planet Waves because they ruined the Dare Strap, but this is a good product - it definitely helps alleviate the weight on your shoulder. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ipodcrazy review My hopes for this pad was that it would be soft a sqishy on my shoulder.  The gel is pretty dense, so it's kind of hard and squishy and very heavy!  I found that it just added more weight.  I'm not using it.  I would look elswhere for a different product. overallrating 2   lineend
name Maria A review This strap is very comfortable! Love how it just velcros right over my strap without having to remove it from guitar. It does slide around some and has to be adjusted every time I put it on but is so worth the final result. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark Crabtree review Very big, very cushioned. I didn't notice that it helped all that much with the weight of my bass, but helped a little. Almost thought it was a little too cumbersome, kind of bit into my neck a little. overallrating 4   lineend
name Paula Gallagher review This strap is cool, it is black, made of nice material with gel padding, and it Velcros open and closed so that you can just take it on and off a guitar strap without undoing the strap from the person or the guitar. Like a clasp it just wraps around the strap and Velcros. Where I once noticed pressure and chaffing from my nylon strap, now I feel nothing but a heavy pad which puts no pressure on me whatsoever. Adds about 2 lbs to the weight of your guitar. Get it if your strap isn't feeling good, other brands work too but you have to thread it through the strap which suckssss. This one is legit. overallrating 5   lineend
name SRR review  To heavy....it doesn't stay where you need it. slips down becuase of wieght.. get something else or larger strap to dispers wieght of the guitar... overallrating 2   lineend
name Aaron review  I love the tone! do your research though! Plenty of distortion, plenty of bass and treble, makes my tubescreamers sound like a band pass filter! overallrating 5   lineend
fileend