name kbgulfcoast review I acquired this recently, I did not need another strat style, or copy of, but it's white....just gotta love that vibe? Anyhow lots of reviews justifiably good, here's a few add ons in case... It's routed hsh under the hood but looks tight.. Think it's bucker size upgradable; top and bottom didn't measure, I like single coils...the white is a poly finish (love poly durable and crack/fade resist) and exquisite nicely done, alder body but it's hefty alder, like 8lb or so. Not so keen on headstock shape but the neck is nice, too nice to change like I was thinking till I got it... Nice quality control on these, really smooth rosewood board with med-jumbo (that's what I call anyway) frets good fretting. Standard hardware indicative of price but decent and well installed, no missed screw holes etc. Was set up with standard action etc, out of box was clean set up no buzz or uneven saddle stuff etc. great fit and finish, best I can tell its a standard f type plate, if interested looks to be easy changer.Overall it's a solid piece, assembled well, for me the body and neck is what seals the deal, better then most out there this range... It is alder and hefty, but durable. I look to change most hardware in time so won't comment on that, what's there... is installed well...2 things I forgot tuners wanna say 15:1? 10mm standard import style... Seem good, not legendary and tremelo/whammy standard zinc block (there's the must upgrade part...) it's standard 10.5 string space import, I got one pet peave; it's steel or brass blocks... A shame all these guitars nowadays with the zinc thin low sustain blocks, my advice get a fender mim standard lefty trem, the whole thing with steel saddles and all maybe 50$ best money ever spent... I can't afford the gotoh or Callahan stuff, On this a standard mim import space fender with steel block and saddles is easy direct replacement and with the hefty alder you'll get tons of sustain and tone and keep tuned way better. Also the neck I say nice but I mean it's nicer than most in the shape, it's slightly chunky c shape? Not baseball bat chunky but you feel it on frets 1-3 it's beefier? I have avg. size hands, I find it's a good fit.In all... If your looking in this price range it's nice, and upgradable as you can or learn more. overallrating 5   lineend
name kyle c. review This is a great starter guitar its cheap and high quality i myself already play the guitar and couldnt pass up buying such a good guitar at a rock bottom price this guitar to sum it up is like a generic version of a squire by fender and if this guitar was a more well known company the guitar could easily sell for 300$ bottom line great guitar all around for beginners and thrashers. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark A. Attaway review I am truly amazed at the quality of this guitar! I got the natural finish and I am blown away at the beauty of this thing! Mine arrived in perfect condition. Will only need a minor setup. The intonation was surprisingly spot on and the strings are actually alright to practice on for a while. If you are looking for a great quality strat for under 90 bucks, then don't hesitate and order one of these babies! overallrating 5   lineend
name MyBeesWax review  Right out of the box, the low E string had a buzz and the intonation was WAY off (fretted E note on the 12th fret too sharp). After the appropriate truss rod adjustments the buzz problem was solved. Next, I proceeded to adjust the intonation. I was able to get the intonation for the A, D, G, B, and high-E strings spot on. However, after bringing the saddle for the low E string as far back as it would go, the fretted E note on the 12th fret was still sharp.I also noticed that the bridge is slightly crooked (the low E string end of the bridge is closer to the neck than the high E string end of the bridge) - the bridge could have started out crooked or it could have shifted due to the high low-E string tension (loose bridge) -- which would definitely contribute to the defective low-E string intonation.I love the Red Burst design of this guitar (it looks absolutely WICKED). Unfortunately, I'm going to have to return it. I'm going to get a Squier Strat instead (with either aMapleorRosewoodneck).---[Update November 15, 2013]I ordered the Squier Strat direct from Amazon 6 weeks ago, but it was placed on backorder. I contacted Customer Service a week ago and was told me they wouldn't get it back in stock until December. Then, to my surprise, the Squier Strat was delivered yesterday! Yay!! :D The happiness!!I was able to get the Squier perfectly intonated. It's Red Burst like the Legacy (Fender calls it Antique Burst). It's a beautful guitar and and I'm loving it! overallrating 1   lineend
name Pegleg review This is a good guitar for the price. Played well right out of the box. The finish is beautiful and I found no defects. Sounds good and well worth the money. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tom review This Is one great piece. The quality of the guitar is Amazing!!! and for Its price Outstanding!! It plays Beautifully with my 100w amp. And with my experience of guitars, this is a go getter, otherwise I would see this one stand out to a $300 Les Paul!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name TWM review I don't know if 39\" (from the top of the headstock to the bottom of the body {I know guitars are based on the size of the frets but no idea how to do that} ) is the normal size for an adult...However for $50 (its on sale at the time) even if its not I can still learn to play since thats why I bought it is to learn...The pick guard had some sort of plastic cover that was rough but doesn't really affect anything, since it seems like something was put on it to help shipping once removed the pick guard is fine.All togther whether its a full size adult or just one for kids its still pretty good.I am happy with it.Good clean sound, at least with my headphone amp (only amp I have).Comes with Whammy bar(thats what I know it as), one volume, two tone, the pickup sector switch, the cord that connects your guitar to your amp.  EDIT  So now that Amazon has grouped the guitar with many others (mostly the color differences) and that I have a little bit more knowlage of the guitar, not saying much really but a little bit, I have found that mine has two dead spots on the volume... Not much of an issue, for me at least but worth mentioning. overallrating 5   lineend
name Beach Panda review I have been using Olympus VN-7100 for recording piano and singing sessions, and I want to upgrade it to DR-O7MKII for stereo and connecting to computer. It has more features for me to learn new songs rather than recording tasks. Used it few times to record piano and singing recitals and practices.  The sounds is amazing, and it is much better than VN-7100, and the price is worth to spend.  I haven't fully utilized it yet and didn't have time to study the menu completely, so I just checked the menu whatever I need at this stage.  So far, I am happy for what I got the recording quality from this guy.The build is light, which is good, but its plastic material is kinda cheap as most reviewer commented, and the size is bulky, and I think it can be shorten as DR-40, too bad I don't need 4 channels yet even though I can use it for guitar practices and session.  Ended up I picked DR-07MKII for slightly less $$ ...Bought it for my x'mas gift and got a promotion of $15 rebate at that time. I mailed whatever is needed for the rebate to the vendor for almost 3 weeks, but I still haven't gotten any notice from the vendor.  Besides that, the vendor requests to cut the bar code label from the original box with a filled form for the rebate, which make me dislike.  If they don't rebate to me, and I can't return it neither since the original was cut & trashed!  feel like it's a tricky rebate ... overallrating 4   lineend
name D N Wolfe review This unit works as advertised.  I've used it to record my garage band shows.  Making a simple recording and transferring it to a computer for storage and playback is easy to accomplish for a novice.  Buyers should bear in mind that the unit records ambient sounds (e.g., audience and any other background noise), so if you want a more pure sound, you should record directly to a computer through a mixer or other interface to instruments, microphones, etc. overallrating 4   lineend
name Gregg Bergman review If your a musician (or want to be?) recording you practices and rehearsals are an important part of your ability to learn to play well. I have found recording to be extremely important to my ability to learn new songs and that having been said, you cannot beat a Tascam recorder for ease of operation, features and sound quality. Enough said, buy a Tascam if you serious about your music. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Thomas review  s on Amazon and other websites.  The good things though is that it is light, portable and the mics can be moved.  I wasn't expecting bose type of sound, but I wasn't expecting to hear the tin man either. overallrating 3   lineend
name James E. Sink review  ... "unixReviewTime": 1332806400, "reviewTime": "03 27, 2012"}
name Grejam53 review Don't know why I didn't buy this years ago. I had a metal slide for years but always like a glass slide sound tone more. I like Dunlop products... they are always good quality. Price with Amazon Prime is a good buy. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeremy D. review I thought my fingers were medium according to the sizing guide, but no, my fat fingers are not medium. overallrating 3   lineend
name John G. review This Jim Dunlop 210 Dunlop Bottleneck Slide is basically a glass tube and so far seems pretty durable.  I will not get it to describing this specific product in detail because, well, its just a tube.  I think I already mentioned something about it being sturdy.A bottleneck slide is always nice to have one to replicate someone else's guitar sound or create your own.  Whether you get brass or glass is your preference.  Yes, they do have different tonal qualities, so you may want to try or buy both.Happy playing.  Cheers!~J overallrating 5   lineend
name mike ceely review new to playing slide guitar  I have lots of fun with this one  it is fragile so care must be taken as to not drop it ... would buy more from this company overallrating 5   lineend
name miT review I originally purchased the large size and found it to be a bit too big, thus I wanted to try the medium. It's much smaller than the large, but it fits my fingers well (I'd say I have slightly fatter fingers than the average guy). The glass is pretty thin, so it is not as sturdy as the large, but I think it should last a while. As long as you don't drop it all the time, it should be ok. Definitely recommend this slide (especially for its price). overallrating 4   lineend
name Pen Name review Very nice guitar slide. The glass is nice, slides very well on my electric and acoustic, and it fits like a mitten. overallrating 5   lineend
name PK review  A must for every serious guitar player. This is one of the easiest to use slides that I have ever owned & I have been playing for about 45 years. I play mostly classic rock & this slide is a handy gadget to have in your guitar case.This holds up very well because I have a way of abusing a slide. Dunlop does it again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Straydogger review I'm not much of a slide player but I figure every guitarist should at least OWN one of these. Just don't drop it on the floor like I did with the last one I had. overallrating 4   lineend
name grandpa review  I have a large hand and this slide is very loose on my finger. I will order a smaller size. I am trying to learn a few slide riffs. This thick glass sounds fantastic on the strings, My bad for ordering one too large. overallrating 4   lineend
name MetalFan review I found the price on Amazon cheaper than my local guitar shop and quickly bought it. The slide works smoother than a brass slide on an acoustic/electric guitar and also sounds great with a Cigar Box Guitar with piezo pickup. The slide is thick and the large size fits well on the middle, ring and pinky finger.I found the tone of both guitars brighter and more defined using this slide compared to a brass slide which suits an electric guitar better IMO. I have not tried a ceramic slide with any guitar, but a Dunlop ceramic slide is most likely a future purchase.Jim Dunlop products are solid and last long for the most part, their slides seem to be the most popular brand aside for boutique bottle slides and I think this one will last a long time. overallrating 5   lineend
name miT review For what it's supposed to do, it works very well. I also have the medium size and that one fits a bit better I think. This is still usable, but it is for very big fingers. I think I have slightly fatter fingers than the average guy out there, but this still leaves some extra room. Either way, it works well. It feels very sturdy and I'm not worried about it cracking anytime soon. For the price, it's a must have. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mr Tall review I have large hands (I wear an XXL glove) but I guess not thick fingers (Ring Size 12/13). If you want to use this one on your ring finger, consider getting a smaller size.As for the tone of the slide, it is very warm and has great sustain due to the very heavy glass! overallrating 5   lineend
name Ryszard Sytnik review This is my first slide, I never use slide to play my guitar, look good size is right for me. I just have to learn how to use it ;-) overallrating 4   lineend
name Rytetone review I bought this along with a Clayton \"large\" glass slide.  Well the Clayton was very thin walled and didn't even fit over my ring finger knuckle.  This slide is very thick and works great! overallrating 5   lineend
name sam review I thought that a large would be perfect for my fat digits but this thing is big. It really doesn't affect play at all so it doesn't matter. overallrating 5   lineend
name aceofbase review I agree with all the other reviews. These are high quality sounding, very comfortable (I have a big head too!), durable headphones with a nice long cable and spring reinforced headphone jack. Unless you make money with your headphones (or have money to burn) you probably don't need anything better than the M50's. The only thing I would change would be to get rid of the collapsible cans - they make the headphones take up less room when folded (good for travelling) but I'm old fashioned and prefer rigid phones, they are a bit quicker to get on and off when you don't have to unfold them and flip the cans in the right orientation. No big deal though! Comes with nice screw on 1/8\" to 1/4\" adaptor. overallrating 5   lineend
name Captn' Bob review Bought these to plug into practice bass amp (wifey a little nasty when I get itch to play at 2 am).  I play 5 string and I could not believe the deep sound I get out of these, especially in this price range.  Highly recommend! overallrating 5   lineend
name @ciscoza review These cans were decent, back when they were just above 100 bucks. They've inflated to 160 and that's just ridiculous. There is better in this price range. The SRH840's for example on eBay for 120~ bucks new, does everything better than these cans. The M50's have really punchy bass, and extremely stringent highs, they're very loose in the low end, and their mids are recessed. That combination makes for a fatally tiring listening experience. The pads are pleather and terribly uncomfortable, whilst having an almost starchy texture to them. The headband clamps onto larger heads and lacks decent padding underneath. These phones are also terrible in regards to any soundstage at all, which means for gaming, these will be pretty terrible. They do some... SOME... new genres alright, but their extremely aggressive presentation makes these phones just hard to listen to. They also can't do lighter genres like Jazz and Classical due to their poor positoning. There are much much better monitors in this price range than these, the Shure SRH840 as I've said before totally outclass these headphones in all areas.Stay away, don't fall victim to the noob hype. overallrating 2   lineend
name Daniel Freeman review Seriously, just stop.Don't be like me and wonder what all the fuss is for years, just go ahead and get a pair. They are just awesome. When I finally got mine, I opted for the anniversary edition as they were on sale, and I am seeing the regular athm50s right now for $119!! That's crazy cheap.I had some rather inexpensive Sony headphones for about eight years(still have them actually) that are comfy and sound good, but not entirely accurate. The ATHM50S are really solid studio headphones. I can't imagine why I have taken soooooo long to try them for myself. They exude quality and are comfy, even when I'm wearing my glasss which many headphones are not. Not for long seasons anyway.I use the ATHM50S in my home studio and I have started taking them along in my gear bag for studio sessions along with a 15' headphone ext cable.I feel oSo foolish having lived without these cans for so long, don't you do the same! overallrating 5   lineend
name Danny K. review I've been using Sennheiser's for years and while I am very pleased with them I decided to try the ATH-M50Ss on a whim.  I spent a little more ($50) than what I've been paying for the Sennies but it was well worth it.  I get more of a flat response which is exactly what I needed for monitoring my audio mixes.And a trivial bonus ... a straight cord.  I hate coiled cords. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dapper Dan review These headphones are amazing! They are absolutely fantastic for the price!The only problem I face is that they hurt my head from the pressure of wearing them. But I just need to stretch them out! overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Blackburn review I bought these to replace a pair of ATH-M45s I had for 6 years. I used my old headphones for listening to music and for tracking in my recording studio. These have assumed the same role and perform wonderfully. I play a lot of electric drums and these cans do a great job of isolating the outside world from what I hear inside the headphones. Listening to music on them is a joy. Everyone has an opinion about a &#34;burn in&#34; period, mine seemed to open up at about 50-60 hours. I listen to music about 3 - 4 hours a day. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles McClain review It works well, hasn't broken down (despite much abuse), and can easily be cleaned. Now if only all windscreen's were this sturdy, I'd be a happy customer. overallrating 5   lineend
name Clayton A. Cohn review At first I thought this would be a gimmick, but it was cheap so I figured what the hell. Once I had it, however, I realized how invaluable it was. When performing live, I always had to make sure to stand the exact same distance away from the mic of the volume would change based on my distance from the mic. Once I got this little guy though, I just sing right into it and even press my mouth up against it at times. Volume remains constant, white noise is gone and the sound is crystal clear. It also protected my mic in a fall once too. Can find anything better for this cheap. overallrating 5   lineend
name Daits review Came in time, worth the price and fits perfect on to my mic. As an advice to every one using a mic whether it is a regular or condenser mic, always use this protection on the mic to avoid the body fluids getting inside grill and on to diaphragm. This is worth the investment for your expensive mic. overallrating 5   lineend
name Edward review Fits the Behringer XM8500 perfectly. It actually dampens the sound giving better a more smoother sound and reducing harsh parts of vocals. overallrating 5   lineend
name G.R.K. review I bought this to go with my Shure SM58S.  It fits the mic well.  No odor.  Effective at suppressing pops. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hitthespot review I bought this to keep the saliva on the mic to a minimum.  Should work just fine.  I also bought the green one. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jay review I have been using these simple windscreens for years and they always perform great .. escpecially for the money .. I would recommend this to anyone. overallrating 5   lineend
name jespi59jr review Blocks noise perfectly, priced better than the local store. fit very well my mic. Awesome! Great for an amateur, just like me overallrating 4   lineend
name J. F. Hindy review Hi guys. Really simple little review here. This is a windscreen. It does windscreen things.Pros1. It works2. It fits my microphoneCons1. The package game a little smushed so it's a little misshapen.It's $2, it works. If it's not the highest quality stop complaining. It's $2, what did you expect, kevlar? overallrating 5   lineend
name Jim R. review  Just slipped this windscreen on my mic (a wireless brand) and it barely fit perfectly. Any smaller and it would be going in the trash.The foam is obviously of good quality and it's plenty thick. I'm using it mainly to protect the mic's metal screen, but also to keep others' germs off the mic (seeing as how they tend to put their mouths on it!). overallrating 5   lineend
name johns3620 review Works well as a pop wind screen for our field operations. When the Z108 Party patrol is out and about the never leave without it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jon F review This is a black sponge for smaller mics.  I got mine for use with some Behringer mics.  At first, I didn't think they would fit, but it just took a bit of stretching.  They fit really snug, which is excellent because they won't fall off or slide around on the mic causing noise.  They do what they're supposed to do. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jorge Barbarosa review  Okay,  Color coding is a GREAT idea.Divas will not use the red ball windscreen.Why?Because, from a distance it looks like they have a clown nose.No kidding!  I have had several tell this to me and my sound tech.  So save your dough, buy any color but RED.Diva's!!!!  What can I say? overallrating 1   lineend
name Josh Leger review This does a great job blocking out the wind on a microphone and other unwanted noise. I can literally blow into the microphone and you won't get any &#34;pop&#34; in the microphone, only sound waves. overallrating 5   lineend
name Levis Ouellet review ....to have when used outside where there is a lot of wind noise.  I sometimes play in a park or outside around the BBQ.  A must have. overallrating 4   lineend
name Li review  the foam ball prevents wind pop and it also doesn't get smelly like some other foam would be. i would highly recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name L. Rapoport review  What can you say about a Foam Ball type mic windscreen?  Well it fits the RODE M1 Mic I was using nice and tight. Quality is good, didn't tear apart when you put it on the mic and the recorded sound is just fine. overallrating 4   lineend
name MysticJaguar review Alot of Zoom H1 users put this over their mics.  The fit is nearly perfect.  For that application this is THE windscreen to get.  Works great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Patrick Elhoffer review I definately helps cut down &#34;wind whistle&#34; on my mic. can't say anything great about the product but I cant say anything bad. It does what it is suppose to overallrating 3   lineend
name pruittjr1 review Works just as it should, love it and a great price to boot overallrating 4   lineend
name Richie K review If you have several different people on the same mic you should buy a stock of these. They are well made and do work. I would buy them again. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. READ review  I used these on a Behringer XM8500'sIt fits tight and does not obstruct the tone greatly.I have not tested its wind screen capabilities.I use it to protect my microphones from singer&#8217;s saliva :-)Works great and does not fall off. overallrating 5   lineend
name SJ Holley review Bought this cover to go with Behringer mic.  It does what it's designed to do.  It was a little hard getting it onto the head of the mic, but at least that way I know it's not going to be falling off during a performance or a recording session.  Economical way to keep spit out of mic overallrating 4   lineend
name thrashreno review its a windscreen, this is the first one i have bought but it seems to work how it is supposed to. it could be less dense i think. idk overallrating 3   lineend
name zj review I use this for my rockband microphones but be careful , if you have cats the hair will get stuck in it. Other than that it really works well in taking away some of the echo from loud speakers while playing rockband. overallrating 5   lineend
name Aaron Madden review Bought this with a mic and foam cover and stand and it all works perfect. Geat value for the money. My daughters use all of them every week. Will buy more in the future overallrating 5   lineend
name Andytoy review It's great to have a few extra mic clips on hand and for the price, these are great.  They hold SM58/57 perfectly.  Not cheap or poorly made at all, a great value. overallrating 5   lineend
name Arik Burke review it holds a mic just fine. I just wish it had a little more &#34;give&#34; to it. still a great product for the price overallrating 4   lineend
name C.C. review  Use it with an SM58 Shure mic in a studio type application. Holds up great, Mic does not slip. Upside down, sideways. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles Forquignon review  it does what's it's suppose to do... holds a mic, pretty much what you see is what you get... works very well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles McClain review This microphone clip becomes loose at the hinge very quickly, and needs to consistently be tightened. Too much of a hassle, really~ overallrating 3   lineend
name David Burch review A classic mic clip -- simple, inexpensive and durable enough. Keep several spares in your kit; even the expensive ones break. overallrating 5   lineend
name Josh Leger review This is obviously a necessary item if you want to attach this to a microphone stand. It holds great and keeps the microphone snug into palce. However, The gap for the cable to fit through should be a bit bigger, as well as the tail-end of the grip; because if you have a certain kind of XLR adapter that is wider than the microphone, you won't be able to take the microphone out of the grip without disconnecting the XLR adapter first. overallrating 4   lineend
name JVincent review This is a simple, straight forward and worthy replacement mic clip for the standard Shure SM57/58 type mic. Well made, reasonably priced as with most On Stage stuff. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  These are obviously designed for microphones with the Shure SM-57/58 series form factor. I use mine for the much heavierBlue Microphones enCORE 100 Studio-Grade Dynamic Performance Microphone, and this clip holds it right where I adjust it to.The threads in the base of the clip appear to be precision-machined. Mine effortlessly mate with anOn Stage MSA7040TB Adjustable Microphone Boom, Black, anOn Stage Stands 7701B Tripod Boom Microphone Standand aMusician's Gear Die-Cast Mic Stand Black, which are the only stands with which I've used this clip.Bear in mind that if you are using microphones that are designed with form factors that are different from the Shure SM (and PG and similar), or a different brand that uses that form factor, then this clip will probably not work. Also I cannot vouch for it as a clip for heavy touring, although for local bar gigs it should easily hold up, and at the price you can afford to purchase some spares (actually, you SHOULD do that.)I am personally pleased with mine and do not regret selecting this model. I have five or six on hand, including a few spares, and if I needed more clips, this is the one I would purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name N. MCCAMMON review  What can I say it works...I think I could write a book here...not!...just a solid little mic holder. Glad I bought it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Patrick M. Waters review These kind of clips can break. But if you're just a little bit careful not to push the microphone in too hard, it should last for a long long time. overallrating 4   lineend
name Paul D. review I bought these mics to fit a shure mic and a GLS mic and it doesn't fit either.  A little too small. overallrating 2   lineend
name T review I bought these to fit my two microphones - they snuggly hold Shure SM57 and SM58.  However, my two mics came with Shure clips (to my surprise).  These clips are 1/16 in. from front to back.  In comparison, the Shure clips are 1/4 in. to 1/8 in. from front to back.  So, the Shure clips are more sturdily built, but both seem to hold the mics well. overallrating 4   lineend
name Tony review Very tight fit which is great for your stationary mic .It hold the mic with no concerns of the mic falling out. Great for back up singers . overallrating 3   lineend
name TriggerHappy review Not sure there is much to say about a mic stand clip.Solid plastic. Brass threading. Adjustable pivot screw.I've always been pleased with On Stage products, even down to there cheap $3 clips. overallrating 5   lineend
name Zane V. Simon review Worked perfectly to use my Samson mic with a stand I purchased. Definitely would purchase again, solid quality build. Good purchase! overallrating 5   lineend
name Anthony review good deal. quite the steal. if it sounds at all like the pinstripe bass pedal. im sure it will be amazing. and its cool that i got a snare head with the deal. those are pretty crucial to a drumset. :) overallrating 5   lineend
name camden108 review the Pinstripe heads are AMAZING.  I will buying them for life, they are very durable and sound great.  the emperor X snare head on the other hand is junk.  It makes my snare sound like a high tom almost, hate it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael review very durable and they sound amazing, i love these drum heads and would recommend them to anyone that needs drumheads overallrating 5   lineend
name Nicholas A. Douglas review  I bought these heads almost a year ago and after countless band practices and gigs, the same heads I bought over a year ago are still sounding great and haven't torn. these heads are amazing and a very good investment. make your kit sound very professional and I just love em to death. definitely recommend these heads to people looking for new heads overallrating 5   lineend
name Victoria Tarrani review  These heads are virtually indestructable and produce a great sound. Attack is superb, especially when played hard and loud, and the construction ensures minimal ring and overtone.Be aware that this head pack does not product the best tone and sound for jazz (get Remo Fiberskyns for that kind of sound), but the Pinstripe model that comprises this pack has become the De Facto standard for rock.If you still have the heads that come with your drum kit - and play rock - changing over to this pack will probably make a dramatic improvement in the way your kit sounds, regardless of whether you are playing a budget no-name brand, or Pearl, Mapex, Tama, Ludwig or similar pro quality drums.I also recommend that you get a Rhythm Tech Memo Key (ASIN B0002E2EOE) or Evans Torque tuning key (ASIN B0002D0HZI) to allow you to quickly get your heads in perfect tuning once you have them installed.  Either of these will allow you to get the most out of these (or any other) heads and transform your kit into a finely tuned, professional sounding set of instruments. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kylo review Good short cable, plugs easy overallrating 4   lineend
name Adam G review Bought these and they worked great with my Digitech delay, reverb, chorus and Jaman.  No noticeable noise added to my ears.  They continue to work to this day.  They are built tough enough for moderate use and do the job for cheap.  GOOD VALUE! overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  These are by far the best value for effects pedal cables.  I find the local music stores won't stock them, forcing you to buy higher quality cables at about $7 0 each.  These cables, so far, have done the job at a fraction of the price.  We will see how well they stand up over the long-term as they are a cheaper cable.  But for the price, they are great.  At 6 per pack, you can even afford to simply replace them as they go bad and still be ahead -- if that even happens. overallrating 5   lineend
name aspiring saint review  Not much to say about patches...they haven't given me ANY trouble, which is as good as it gets with cables! overallrating 4   lineend
name AT review These cables are awesome. They do what they are suppose to do and do it well. I personally like that they are smaller in the middle and are easier to fold than regular cable. If you are looking to connect your pedals and dont want to break your wallet look no farther than HOSA 6inch cable! overallrating 5   lineend
name Databoss review This was the easiest way to hook up my pedals without having long wires all over the floor to trip on.  It's easy and convenient to use without losing quality and getting feedback loops.  I recommend it to all aspiring musicians. overallrating 4   lineend
name David Spangler review  These pedal cables are of superior quality at a reasonable price. Well-designed and reliable, I highly recommend these. Thanks to Amazon for offering this great product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Edgar Moses Jones review I wish I bought longer cables but these cables are fine. They do what they are supposed to do but I know I can spend a few more dollar dollar bills and get a higher quality cable but the tonal difference wouldn't be anything significant. overallrating 3   lineend
name G. Thomas review  Works as described.  Solid little wires that allow you to be creative in how you hook up your guitar pedals...may work other applications that require the same type of plug. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jerry review These are great for connecting effects pedals.  I really don't know how else you would do it in a small space, without making your pedal box look like a plate of spaghetti. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lee review I got these because I work as a live sound engineer and they sometimes come in handy used as interconnects between guitar pedals. overallrating 3   lineend
name Markcm review  These cables work well in my jam space, they do seem a little thin if they were to be used heavily in gig'ing but at 1/3 the price, that's fair. Don't get me wrong, these are good cables and for the price I am very happy; I'd buy more for sure. I would probalby uses these for gigging as well if I didn't have heavier duty jumpers available.As the title says, these are a great value and work well. overallrating 5   lineend
name paul day review good product great price. as long as you take care of them they seem as though they will last quite a while. overallrating 5   lineend
name RelevantC review This was perfect I am very happy with the  Hosa CFS606 6 Inch Right Angle FX Pedal Cable, 6 Pack! overallrating 5   lineend
name Shannon V review  great price. i would recommend it to anyone needing patch cables for their peddle board. very flexable and pretty good quality overallrating 4   lineend
name S. O. review  These are a bit short, only complaint.But I should have known that going into a 6\" double right ended cable.Perhaps a straight to straight would be better.Anyway, besides that, they seem to be decent enough quality.I can see a few years of careful use. overallrating 4   lineend
name BJC review yes you can tweak it so its less, but cant even use it for recording with or without an amp so much hiss its unusable. overallrating 1   lineend
name Bradley review I'll keep it short: I owned a Boss EQ pedal in the past and didn't have much luck with it. I tried and tried and tried to hone in the sound I was looking for but the Boss just wouldn't do it for me. Fast forward a few years and I purchase this little baby on a whim.  Man, am I glad I did!  The 6 sliders made it very easy to dial in the exact tone I was looking for.  A small boost of the first two sliders gave my amp more bottom-end than it could ever manage on its own, and a small boost of the last two provided more of a balanced, well-rounded sound.  Love it and wouldn't wanna part with it!The pedal itself is built like a rock.  I imagine nothing shy of nuclear war could dent this thing.  The individual sliders, although not quite as Ford-tough as the rest of the pedal (haha), feel nice and slide easy.  Each slider lights up red when engaged, which not only looks cool but makes it very easy to see on a dimly lit stage.If you're on the fence about an EQ or which EQ brand to buy, I recommend you give this little monster a stomp. overallrating 5   lineend
name Diego A. Umana review This is a great effect. Awesome engineering as Jim Dunlop's MXR products has always presented. The true bypass feature and the high-end quality materials make it very reliable and dependable. EQ is very sensitive and delivers as it should. I actually believe this will exceed all your expectations. Ships fast. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Handsome Johnny review Bought this on a whim.  It works well when utilized with the amp in direct fashion.  When used with a pedalboard rig, it doesn't add much except for hiss, unfortunately.  Sweet sound with an older Fender amp unit, though.  Does not sound good with updated equipment, Line 6 equipment, Roland units.  I'd say definitely do not get this if you're a tech or gear head.  Get it if you're a simple player with few FX in your arsenal.  It does sound good when just utilized with amp and guitar, amp, wah, and guitar, or amp, wah, guitar, and expression pedal.  Nothing else I've tied it to has seemed to work out, though.  Probably a wasted product with where I'm headed as a technical player, but good for beginners and intermediate levels.  Into King Crimson/Fripp styles?  Don't go for this for modeling. overallrating 3   lineend
name Julio Caicedo review  This little box will give it to you. I personally play bass and I have a thing for long effect chains. I count in my little arsenal with fuzz, distorions, auto wah, a compressor, octaver, bass booster and a nice DI Box. The MXR EQ helps me a great deal to \"recuperate\" definition and clarity after this long effect chains that I love. A great little box.So if you are looking for clarity, definition and even a little extra punch for your sound the MXR EQ will do the trick.Cheers!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Knoxville AV guy review I have been disappointed with the last EQ pedal I owned witch was a Boss GE7, it was very honkey and colored my tone to much, this pedal is much more musical the layout of the essential frequency's is great, plus they are lighted and very ez to see. and of course it is an MXR so it is built like a tank and will last for ever overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick Langdon review  I have had several MXR pedals through the years ... I have always found their quality to be very good for the price ... in fact, some of their pedals exceed the competitors' products for less than half the price ... (to each his own and certainly there are higher levels of quality out there but just because it is priced more doesn't mean it is that much better)If you need a little tone sweetener, this pedal can deliver ... with flatter EQ's it is fairly noiseless ... but as with all EQ's, if you boost certain frequencies pretty high, you will get some noise ...Simple to use and I particularly like the lighted LEDs for each band ... this feature makes this unit a good choice for the stage ...As with all MXR pedals, it is built solid and road-rugged ...For the price, this is a nice pedal, simple to use and built to last overallrating 4   lineend
name C3p-BRO review Highest quality guitar I've ever seen in this price range. It looks, feels, and sounds amazing!! A+ I bought two overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris review I didn't want to spend too much $$ for a guitar that I wasn't sure if I would like it or not. There were a few at the local music store but 3 times the price. They were good quality and if this didn't work out then I would have probably gone that route. To my surprise, this guitar exceeds all my expectations for an acoustic guitar. The only downfall was that the frets were sharp on the one side of the guitar. The local shop only charged me $5 to shave them down. I replaced the strings right away. I'm completely satisfied with this purchase and would recommend it. Definitely worth the price you pay. overallrating 5   lineend
name Coffee Infusion review  This was my first acoustic guitar, and I've received some surprised looks about its tone and play-ability -- both from from my luthier (who used to be a tech at Martin) to a couple pro players with 30-40+ years respectively under their belts. It's light, comfortable, well made, has a fast neck, and is just marvelous in every way for a beginner like myself. Wonderfully priced. I was expecting to be disappointed, but didn't want to invest in a new hobby until I was sure I'd stick with it.It's possible that I just lucked out with a good one. After a year of playing my Jasmine, I have no urge to upgrade to anything else. Will confess that I'd like a 12-string, but that's another animal.I am too new and inexperienced with acoustics to be able to really define the sonic quality of this guitar compared to more expensive models (I'm more of an electric guy), but for me in my ignorant state, it's 5 stars without hesitation.I did need to have it set up, however, and the stock strings on mine were in poor condition. Don't recall if I purchased it on Amazon. In any event, a $30-$50 trip to the luthier with new strings, and it felt like a guitar far in excess of $100. It has stayed in tune quite nicely, and I often change tunings (standard, mostly Eb, occasional full step down, Open D, G and others).No fret buzz, and I just love the feel of the neck. I do wish the body was a tad thinner as I have shoulder problems, but I'm sure a thinner body or shallow bowl would sacrifice bass and richness. Nice and light, however, and perfect for carrying on your back.By the way, I have the model with the black pickguard -- the one pictured looks similar in every other way. Quite sure it's the same model. overallrating 5   lineend
name CRG review  s already shared.Here's my take-PROS:- Cheap! $90 is very inexpensive for a guitar!- Well packaged for shipping- Arrived 1 day early- Fair quality. This is not a top of the line or even middle of the line guitar. It is a cheap guitar that does have some decent craftsmanship, but not stellar.- Good sound! This does have a very good sound- with new strings of course- Size: This is not a full size guitar, but larger than a 3/4. It is a \"concert\" size which I like!- It is a cut-away design without electronics! This combo is very rare!- Fair to good wood materials and furniture- Good design! This guitar sounds good, feels good, looks very good.- Matte finish: this comes with a matte finish, not shiny- I like thatCONS:- Strings- corroded poor quality strings- neck condition: Neck has slight bend, I needed to adjust the truss and file a few frets. There is still a slight dip and bump at the 12th fret causing fret buzz.- frets are not smoothed on ends- neck surface is not sanded well but smooth enoughI like this guitar. It's very inexpensive, needs a little work, sounds very good. I hope this information help you make an informed choice about a guitar purchase. overallrating 3   lineend
name Cut to the Chase review I've played the guitar for a number of years, some of them professionally, and during that time I've owned guitars by Fender, Gibson, Ovation, B.C. Rich, Yamaha and Applause. That said, admittedly, this guitar was purchased with the intention of it being a cheap, expendable guitar that was reasonably playable, that I could take with me when I go camping. While my expectations weren't all that high due to guitar's price, upon reading other reviews and having experienced Takamine's quality, I decided to gave this Jasmine a try.  I'm glad I did - what a nice guitar it turned out to be! Out of the box, the fit and matte finish were impressive. The neck action was nicely set up, the intonation is spot-on and the guitar has a rich sound and tone.  The tuning pegs work smoothly and the guitar stays in tune nicely.  Note that I changed strings from the set provided to a set of extra-light gauge strings just as a personal preference and that the guitar features a black pick guard not shown in some product photos. The Jasmine S34C NEX is truly an impressive guitar for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Daniel Berry Jr. review This guitar sounds awesome and stays in tune very well. I am now a fan of Takamine. Their is nothing bad I can say about this guitar and I would take this guitar anywhere. This is my 4th guitar I have bought and is by far my favorite guitar. I have 2 electric guitars and now 2 acoustic, this being the second acoustic. I wanted a cheap guitar I could take anywhere and not have to worry about it being scratched up, except I got the guitar and looks too nice to let get beat up. People are complaining about the guitar not having a glossy finish. It wasn't supposed to be glossy to give it a richer look. If this guitar was glossy it wouldn't be as nice sounds stupid but it is true. You have to see the guitar face to face to understand what I mean. This guitar I would recommend to anyone. I am trying to get my friends to buy one so can all have a acoustic guitar, lol. Thank You!!!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name David Burch review I have played the guitar for nearly 50 years now, and wanted an inexpensive small-body steel-string guitar to keep out for informal practice and noodling. This one fills the bill pretty well. Build quality is quite good (made in Indonesia, not China as I had expected), and the intonation is perfect. The finish has a hard matte surface that will probably wear well. A pick guard is present, but when I removed the plastic shipping protector, the entire guard came up with it. The adhesive residue comes right off, so I will play the guitar without a pickguard. Bracing is light -- the entire guitar is light. The body is a bit larger in the lower bout than I expected, but it sits on the lap more comfortably than a dreadnought.I take issue with some reviewers' suggestions that this would be a good beginner guitar right out of the box. The string spacing at the nut is narrower than it should be for the width of the neck, cramping the fingers. The nut should be replaced with one that spaces the strings across the fingerboard just a little more. The action may be lowered by shaving the bridge saddle very carefully, and just a little at a time. This work will cost as much as the guitar cost if you take it to a luthier, but if you can do it yourself, will improve the playability of the instrument.The strings supplied on the guitar were tinny and cheap, so I replaced them with a set of D'Addario EJ-16 Light Phosphor-Bronze. The improvement in tone was immediate -- this little guitar sounds pretty darn good. All in all, with some careful modification, this is a good guitar for the beginner or casual player, and a very acceptable one for the experienced guitarist who can do a little modification him/herself. overallrating 4   lineend
name David V. Locker review  As a beginner playing guitar I was looking for something mid range and this is it.  It holds tune and has not failed yet.  Since I am just starting it gets a lot of use with practice.  As I get better I will upgrade.So far the only maintenance has been to tune it and clean the strings and that is normal. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. L. Sniderman review  s, so I decided to give it a try, buying the S34C. Firstly, it was delivered promptly as requested, and arrived in pristine condition, with some really nice strings. It has a lovely honey gold finish on the front of the body, which had attracted me to the guitar in the first place. I really appreciate the cutaway. How many high notes will I be hitting on this baby? Who knows, but it looks WAY cool, LOL! The craftsmanship, at least to my unpracticed eyes, looks superb. I wasn't too crazy about the pickguard with all the lettering on it, but finally figured out the lettering was just a sticker that could be easily removed. And the sound...just lovely, with that ringing tonality one would expect from a steel string guitar, but with some lovely mellow tones where needed as well. I am so jazzed about how wonderful this guitar is, I'm taking online video lessons and learning a storm of chords and fingering techniques! Hey, I don't expect to be a Leo Kottke or Martin Simpson anytime soon, but I've got something to shoot for, and we all need a dream! If you're looking for a great guitar at a very reasonable price, look no further. Oh, the reason why I only gave it four stars is cuz the neck really doesn't seem to be all that narrow after all. But, maybe it's just my small kid-like hands. Thumb to little finger, I can barely reach an octave on piano. And there ya go! overallrating 4   lineend
name Don Geeze review I don't own one, but have been playing my sister-in-law's for the last year when visiting. Didn't know much about the guitar, but was quite impressed by the sound and workmanship. Changed the strings, and, other than the action being a little high, it's as good as anything I've played for under $500. I honestly thought it cost around $350, so I was quite surprised seeing it for sale for less than $100. It's definitely a great value.In part because of my experience with this guitar, I purchased a Takamine G Series 12-string last year, (for considerably more money), and it's simply incredible. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ell Bee review  Bought a Takamine 40 years ago. It was an exceptional guitar for which I paid $125. Adjusted for inflation, that would be $800 when I bought this Jasmine.I got a superb machine for the money. Simply superb.  It's not my old Takamine, but the negative differences are slight, and there are only two of them three days into my acquaintance with this guitar.The first is that the finish is not as good. The sanding between coats was skimped, which means that the finish on the front has some texture; the sides of the guitar are also a bit rough.The second probably flows from the first.  The tone is a touch wooden; it doesn't sing as the old Taka did.Positives: the intonation is true at the twelfth fret, and it is playable (and enjoyable to play) with a slide. After the first tune-up of the strings, it stayed in tune.For its price, this guitar is a superb introduction to playing.A very young child, or a small woman, will find this guitar a bit large and deep for true playing comfort. For everyone else, it should fit pretty comfortably.The intonation is true at the twelfth fret, and it is playable (and enjoyable to play) with a slide. After the first tune-up of the strings, it stayed in tune.Any beginner, and more than a few cost-sensitive intermediate players, will be pleased with this guitar. overallrating 4   lineend
name Kevin Kiernan review I bought this as a deployment that was shipped to afghanistan from amazon. I wasn't planning on using this as anything but a practice guitar. The way the military palletizes all of its cargo, I figured there was about a fifty percent chance it would arrive in a flattened box with wooden splinters sticking out of it, but I took the chance anyway. It arrived intact, and ready to play. The strings are a bit cheap, but the guitar itself is well made, and has a really nice rich tone. I was planning on giving it away when I left, but I am shipping it home instead, and it wioll cost me almost the price of the guitar to mail it home, but it is worth it. This one has worked out so well I am taking a chance on a 12 string, soon to arrive in Theater. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mathew K Raikes review It's kind of pointless to add yet another review to an item that has already received hundreds of (mostly) positive reviews already. But I can't help it - I like this guitar. Quite simply, this is a really nice guitar. Is it $750 nice? No. But for less than $100, nice doesn't even describe it.My Jasmine arrived well packaged including double boxing.  The outside box had a little damage, but the guitar was well protected inside, so no problem.Since I'd read a few reviews commenting on flaws in the finish, one of the first things I did was check it out thoroughly. Nope, no flaws noticeable to me.  Kind of a satin review   - but I can't help it. "unixReviewTime": 1362009600, "reviewTime": "02 28, 2013"}
name Modern Blue Argonaut review  I bought my son a thousand dollar Epiphone limited edition electric guitar for his birthday just a few months ago, so when he told me he would like an acoustic guitar for Christmas, I told him an expensive one was not in our budget.We went to the local music store and tried out several models but he kept coming back to this one. The sound was absolutely fabulous, much better than his current acoustic guitar that cost more than twice as much as this one.The store manager told us that for the price this guitar cannot be beat and that he bought one for his son as well. In my opinion, this was as good as other brands costing three times as much. I'm not sure how Takamine is making these quality guitars for so little money, but if you're looking for a starter guitar, or just looking to add another guitar to your collection, this would make an excellent choice.I inspected the guitar we took home and found a few places where the finish was not quite as smooth as the rest of the guitar, but overall the quality and sound cannot be beat for this price.We also went with this cutaway version so my son can have easier access to the higher frets vs. theJasmine by Takamine S35 Acoustic Guitar, Natural. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr.Malapropism review Has a good sound. Stays in tune.  Wish it came in a darker grain of wood.  A little bulky,  My arm goes to sleep sometimes after extended playing,  wish it was a little thiner.  I bought it because I wanted a cutaway and this was a decent price. overallrating 4   lineend
name OMEB review A value and a half. If you need a beater this is it. It plays great,  great fret job and solid tone. Have recommended to several students. This guitar pays better than some 3 times is value! overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Sadewater review  I got tired of flying with my guitar everytime I go visit my parents.  Besides the risk to my guitar, there is the cost.  For the price I paid for this guitar, I will be money ahead in two visits to my parents.  I had it shipped to my parents when I bought it, and they are keeping it there for me for my future visits.  It has much better tone than I expected, and very good action.  Stays in tune very well.  I am very happy with my purchase.  Recommending it to my friends who need a second guitar for the beach or the tailgate party. overallrating 4   lineend
name TomVestal review Love , love this guitar.Little bit modify at the bridge will make great guitar.Nicely sound it gave(up on what brand of strings you use).Price also great with budget.Worth every penny.Best recommended for starters, intermediate and pro player.Get it one you will love it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wilhelmina Zeitgeist review  er complained about Takamine and Jasmine printed all over the pick guard. And they were right about that...but I found it very easy to remove all these words by simply peeling off this protective sticker. Dah.The strings are a little heavier than I like but I'll be changing them in a few weeks anyway.The sound and craftsmanship is anything but what you would expect from such an affordable guitar and everything you'd expect to pay more for. It has a rich, full bodied sound.I am now a diehard Takamine fan. overallrating 5   lineend
name W. Soh review As title says:1) High Action2) Inadequate Loudness for pickingI compared this to the Mitchell MD100 and think the Mitchell is very good for it's price.You can compare both at guitar center. overallrating 3   lineend
name Yap review well.. First of all, I am a beginner.. I do not know anything about guitar... I saw that some people complain about the corroded strings and buzzing frets... Mine came yesterday and I am afraid that it would have issue, so I brought it to school and let my professor checked for me.. It surprised me because mine does not have any issue at all.. The string does not corroded, but I changed mine anyway. The fret does not have any issue at all.. and the Truss rod adjustment is perfect.. The action is low and the guitar structure is perfect. When my professor starts playing it, he was surprised by the sound it produced. He thought the guitar cost $300 above!!... He also bought one this morning...haha...anyways, I buy it from amazon and the packaging is great!!...My guitar comes in a perfect condition, and I strongly recommended this guitar for anybody!!... overallrating 5   lineend
name Z.W.T. review Right out of the box this guitar was flawless. I played it with the strings it came with (to inspect intonation-fret buzz etc. the old strings would work for set-up if needed) and the intonation (harmonics at the 12 fret exactly matched the fretted note at the 12th fret) was dead on. Absolutely no fret buzz even at the 21st fret. I have been playing guitar for 40 years and I have seen my fair share of acoustic guitars in that time. To say this is a beautiful playing and sounding instrument just doesn't do it justice. I have played many expensive acoustic guitars that didn't sound or play as well as this even after set-up. The lows are nice and clear and the highs are clear without sounding \"tinny\" or banjo like. A very well built, great sounding guitar. For the price you can't go wrong. I would recommend this guitar to novices and pros. I was not expecting a guitar of this quality for such a low price. 100% satisfied. Rock on Jasmine!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrew F. review A nice little untreated cloth to clean my Taylor guitar.Now if I could only play the guitar as well as this cloth cleans it. ;0) overallrating 5   lineend
name Bilbo review This was one of those \"might as well get one of these too, while I'm at it\" purchases when I was ordering guitar polish. It's a good cloth for polishing, no more to say about it. overallrating 5   lineend
name bman review This cloth works well in cleaning off the dust, fingerprints, oil, and dirt off of my guitar. It is thicker and bigger than the ones used with glasses cleaning so I'm sure it can be used to wipe down other things as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Shumway review I use it to clean smudges off of my guitars and to keep the fretboards clean after use. It works well without scratching the delicate surfaces.It is extremely well made and I have thrown it in the washer/dryer and it comes out clean and new looking. I keep it in my guitar case and use it often! overallrating 5   lineend
name Captn' Bob review This sure wipes down any guitar to get finger prints and such off.  Remember, I would not use this with any kind of polish, a little pricey, but then again, aren't our toys! overallrating 4   lineend
name Casey D review I chose this rating because a fine paper towel seems to work just as well as this microfiber polish cloth. overallrating 3   lineend
name Chris review Great cloth for keeping those pesky fingerprints and other smudges off your valuable guitars.  Soft touch, easy care - can't beat it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Christian Matthew review Lets be honest, it must be pretty hard to mess up a cleaning cloth. It either cleans or it doesn't. This cleans/polishes all of my guitars great. Just make sure the strings are off so that this doesn't get caught on them. This is a brand I've come to trust. overallrating 5   lineend
name Craig Richard Gillette review Do NOT use these to polish your guitar. It leaves tons of small fibers all over, and is hard to clean up. A total disaster. These are good for maybe wiping up dog poop, but not cleaning anything. overallrating 1   lineend
name crazy_flutist review I have a rose-gold plated flute, and wanted something to clean it that would not rub away the plating.  This does the job perfectly.  Wipes off fingerprints & smudges easily, and with a little water cleans up lip stuff that gets stuck on my lip plate.  Is easy on the plating and very gentle.  Washes in the washing machine on handwash with no fabric softener and line dries.  Am very pleased. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dako review  s state, you barely need any type of guitar cleaner when using these microfiber cloths. I've found for the best results, use a wax sealant product, and then use this cloth separately and afterward to clean your guitar. The fingerprints and smudges lift off effortlessly. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Dreifus review Scratch free, durable, machine washable. I use it dry to wipe down the acoustic guitar strings after each time playing and the tone lasts much, much longer. You place the cloth next to a string, then hook your little finger under and pull up so the cloth surrounds the lower surfaces, sides and top of the string, then pressing it in around the string slide up and down the full length a couple of times, then repeat on the remaining strings. I then slip it under the strings and sort of buff the fingerboard, then wipe down the surface of the guitar and tuning keys. Takes a matter of moments and works great. Then once every week or two, it just goes in with the laundry, comes out perfectly clean again.Polyester microfiber is kind of an unusual fabric. It is fully synthetic and water will bead up on the surface, but it works well for polishing. If I'm using carnuba wax, I use a 100% cotton towel to remove it, but for dry polishing wouldn't be without one for each guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Deyvyd review It helps to clean the guitar. I have an eletric acoustic guitar and it was a good choice to buy this! overallrating 5   lineend
name DMGenest | review  This is my first attempt at buying a polishing cloth for my guitars. I tried this untreated 'MicrofiberPolish Cloth' on my Gibson ES-339 because I had heard good things about it.We'll begin with some stats: the cloth is 11-3/4\" by 11-3/4\" and has an 1/8\" border stitched aroundthe edge. It feels very soft to the touch and it is made in Korea. There is a small warning on theback of the package that states: \"Not designed for cleaning electrical devices.\" You can also washthis untreated polish cloth in mild soap and water, rinse it out and hang it up to dry. Now to thereview.My guitar has an Ebony hard lacquer finish, meaning very glossy and shiny. I have been playing thisguitar for about a year now and it had a lot finger smudges on the body's front and back and BACKof the neck. I was able to get most of the minor finger smudges off. When going after the moreresistant multiple smudges the polish cloth would spread it around and left most of the problem onthe finish.What I discovered about this cloth, even with increased elbow grease, is that it has it's limitations.So, if your guitar is reasonably clean and the smudges are fairly new this cloth is dynamite and takesthem right out. If the body oils have been there for awhile, probably collecting dust, then you willneed some type of cleaning liquid to help you break up the old fuzzy oils on your instrument. Pleaseuse any liquid sparingly when applying it to the surface of your instrument. Do not put a liquid directlyonto the surface of your instrument. You should put the cleaning liquid onto the cleaning cloth firstthen apply it.I decided to use Dunlop's 'Dunlop Formula 65 Guitar Polish & Cleaner' to cut and clean up the tougheroily smudges. I used another soft cotton cloth and it cleaned up very nicely. Since then I have beenable to keep the guitar polished and clean using only the 'Planet Waves Microfiber Polish Cloth'. It doesnot leave scratches or any marks when used without a liquid. I also did not have a problems with thecloth breaking down and leaving lint or pieces of cloth behind.You want to use a another cloth to clean your fretboard and not the same one you use for the finish.The fretboard gets a lot of oily dirt assigned to it through repeated play. I would be fearful that theadditional oils accumulated  on the fret board will get into the Microfiber cloth and transfer to the finishof the guitar.So like a lot of things in life there are limitations to everything. I gave this untreated microfiber cloth4 stars because it does a fine job keeping my guitar clean  and polished with minimal effort. My highexpectations, based upon the blurb, were that this cloth would clean up more ensconced oils and dirtbut it only smeared them around. It was more trouble than it was worth to use the microfiber cloth toclean up the smeared mess.Nonetheless, I like this cloth and recommend it for upkeep purposes and minor dirt or grime. I will bekeeping it in my guitar case just for this particular guitar finish and use each time I am done playing. overallrating 4   lineend
name D.T. review Compared to Ernie Ball's cloth, it's good enough for wiping down things.  It is soft and non abrasive; EB's cloth has that and also has a clinging element which seemingly cleans and absorbs. Overall good cloth for general use. overallrating 3   lineend
name JBIZZLE review Great Microfiber Polishing Cloth for a great price!Paid less than half through Amazon.comGreat product that works very well with nitro finishes. overallrating 5   lineend
name jimmpannzee review Very soft gray microfiber cleaning cloth. Big and wide enough to handle any guitar. Works great for polishing and buffing guitar finish. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jolly Roger review I tend to have sweaty fingers after playing my guitars.  Therefore, after playing, I always wipe down my strings to extend their life.  I've used other microfiber cloths, but they tend to break easy and leave \"fuzzies\" on the strings, which I then have to remove one by one.  This cloth is fantastic for wiping down your strings after use.  It is very well made and leaves nothing behind after use.  I liked my first one so much, that I am putting in another order. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Perry review  Not very substantial. It began to tear on my guitar strings. I was hoping for something that would hold up to more uses. overallrating 2   lineend
name jschristian44 review At first glance this can look like a microfiber cloth.  But these one's really get the guitars shining up really nice.  They are made for glasses and stuff like that and they really polish good. overallrating 5   lineend
name MetalFan review I bought 3 of these to store in various bass cases. I use them after a session or practice along with some guitar cleaner.. Sadly, I could not find any untreated cloths locally so I had these shipped through prime. These cloths are gentle and prevent scratching the finish unlike some of the microfiber types I see here and in stores that tend to leave streaks and in some cases scratches on the guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike N. review Purchased this after owning a ernie ball polish cloth that was given to me. This cloth cleans up pretty well, but what i noticed after wiping down the strings a few times is that the fibers would hook. I dunno if they weren't meant to wipe the strings with but my ernie ball cloth is A LOT more durable than this cloth. They do the job but i believe that the ernie ball cloth does it better. Like a previous reviewer, i'm a little iffy about putting this cloth in the washer.Update: Putting it in the watcher was fine and idk why but after washing it for the first time it cleans up 1000000x better than before, i like this and my ernie ball cloth :)From 3 to 5 starts!! overallrating 5   lineend
name MysticJaguar review This works very good on a silver flute.  It's soft and will go along time before you feel like you have to launder it.  Would purchase again. overallrating 4   lineend
name Peter Kim review This is just a simple microfiber cloth that works just like it should. There's nothing else to say but to get it if you need it. The quality doesn't suck so don't worry about. Peace out. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Caldwell review I bought this for my son to keep his guitar clean with. He really likes it a lot. It keeps fingerprints wiped off nicely. overallrating 5   lineend
name Reviewer review Polishes well. You could probably buy a microfiber cloth from somewhere else and it would do the same thing, but this one works well. overallrating 5   lineend
name RS617 review Sorry, but I'm not as smitten with this cloth as some of the other reviewers. It's okay; good size, works pretty well, but sheds when new. And despite claims of being laundry-safe, the edges began to unravel after the first wash. I used with Planet Waves Restore polish and got good results, but probably would not buy again. overallrating 3   lineend
name Sean review This polish cloth is cheap and does the job of wiping your guitar down from dust or from use with cleaning products.  It doesn't scratch the guitar and works great! overallrating 5   lineend
name Tabasco24 review  I feel like this picks dirt off my guitar strings better than the Taylor cloth I also have in the case overallrating 5   lineend
name Teagan Mago review The price is fair and it serves its purpose.  I'm pretty happy with this cloth.  I just wish it was bigger so I could have a greater surface area of the cloth to use before washing it.  I haven't had to wash it yet, but it looks like it would hold up. overallrating 4   lineend
name TheMan review Well it's a cloth and I use it to wipe my guitar.  This is a fairly good size cloth at that. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tinfoot review I bought my first one from Amazon over a month ago - and simply fell in love with it.  It cleans/polishes wood, metal (although for strings, I use GHS' Fast Fret), eye-glasses, computer screens, etc with wonderful ability, easily replacing \"casual\" cleaning/polishing fluids.  I even recently bought a 2nd just because.  And yes, the first one has finally gone through the wash after a month of constant use- I knew it was time when it wasn't wiping off the smudges as quickly.  It came out with a slightly nappy texture (to be expected really), but still works as well as ever.  There is a vast amount of different \"polish\" cloth brands out there, but you won't go wrong with this one. overallrating 5   lineend
name tj review I really did not expect much from this rag. I just wanted a good quality lint-free / scratch-free cloth to clean my stringed instruments before and after each use. I was totally surprised that it actually works this good. Removes all the crap on your shiny finish without having to spend time constantly cleaning with guitar cleaner. This will probably help protect your finish over the long run too.You may wonder how you can get excited just over a cheap little cleaning rag. This thing rocks! It picks up every smudge, smear, & print and leaves nothing behind. It's an amazing little cleaning tool, and I WILL replace it if/when it ever wears out. If you are like me, and you want your instruments to look clean & grunge-free onstage, you should check out this little wonder. You can just keep it in your pocket and wipe it once between songs if you want. Doesn't get any easier. Great product!                      A note about the mixed reviews. I REALLY wish Amazon would separate the 3 different cloths instead of lumping them into one product page. It really isn't fair to the actual good product to have it's rating artificially lowered by bad reviews for a COMPLETELY DIFFERENT ITEM. It also causes confusion to potential buyers because they have to sift through every review to find the ones that apply to the actual product they want. When I go to the product page for the AMAZINGLY GOOD micro-fiber cloth and see horrible reviews about fraying and lint, it makes me sad. I have had both of the other items, and this micro-fiber cloth is NOTHING like the other 2. This item has sewn/seamed edges that will not fray. It NEVER leave lint behind and it removes fingerprints & smudges and leaves only a nice clean instrument behind. No scratches, no lint, no hint it was ever there. My guitar always looks brand new after using this cloth, and I use the thing almost every day.I got on this rant bc I came here to replace mine after giving it away to a friend who fell in love with it. I told him I would just get another. Then I came here and couldn't remember which version I bought, and the negative reviews seemed to be talking about a completely different item (leaves behind lint?? What the crap are they talking about?)...turns out they are talking about a completely different item. I looked up my purchase history and found I had bought the Micro-fiber, then I placed an order for 2 more (1 for me, 1 to give away, again).Putting a single item type on a page and having selectors for size or color is fine of course. Putting an apple and a lemon on the same page (literally) and lumping bad reviews for a horrible product in with great reviews for a wonderful product is just an error that needs to be fixed. At least now if you managed to find this lone clarifying review hidden among the dozens of other mismatched ones, you know what version to buy and which to avoid.Anyway, /End rant. overallrating 5   lineend
name WBowie review Works as advertised for polishing my guitars. I don't use any other cleaners such as Fender Polish when I use this cloth. overallrating 3   lineend
name Wendell Burnett review We've all had guitar cleaning cloths and most do a good job. When I see the word microfiber I always think of those cloths that stick to your fingers when you are using them uck.This cloth is different it does not have the same feel as most microfiber cloths and it wipes away finger prints and anything else on your guitar body like nothing I've tried before. With no cleaning solutions needed it magically shines the surface without scratching it.This would be great for Any instrument or anything else you want to polish without having to use solutions.Reasonably priced too. overallrating 5   lineend
name AF review  I've owned this pedal for about 8 years.  It's good overall, but the reverbs fall short of ideal for me.  They just sound a bit inauthentic, and this is noticeable at times, but in a band setting probably wouldn't be noticable.  I think it's the way they trail off.  The tails tend to have a little unnatural decay, or something.I've been using the Boss Fender reverb pedal for about 3 years now as my main reverb (neither of my amps have reverb) and what I've done in the last year is that I use this Digitech with a wetter setting (usually church or hall) if I want reverb on a solo.  For that application it works fine and sounds great.  As a \"leave it on all the time\" reverb I find it a bit lacking.But if you want a bunch of decent sounds you could do much worse.  Plus this thing is obviously rugged, I've abused it (not really, just regular gigging abuse) for all this time and it's never failed to work.  But that's been my overall experience with Digitech stuff for a long time. overallrating 3   lineend
name Charles F. Marks review  This pedal is super...tons of verb if you want it.... makes any amps built in verb obsolete after you plug into this.. I highly recommend digi stuff... I have this coupled with other pedals and a Jamman stereo and it is awesome...thanks.... love shopping through Amamzon overallrating 5   lineend
name David Spangler review  Purchased this to replace a Behringer pedal because the Behringer introduced a \"swishing\" sound. This pedal has good choices for reverb types and is relatively noiseless. Good product and got good price here on Amazon. overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  I use this pedal mainly for the &#34;church&#34; setting in ambient volume swells. It has seven different reverbs you can choose from (including reverse). So it will definitely suit your needs for whatever you require reverb for. It is ruggedly built and digital, which some will like and others won't. I like it. That said, I have taken a liking to other digitech pedals as well. They sound good and are affordable. overallrating 5   lineend
name miT review This is a great-sounding reverb pedal. Tons of options and ways to manipulate your sound. I've combined this with a Epiphone Sheraton II (semi-hollow body) and have been able to get some awesome deep, rich sounds (watch out for feedback though). The design is very solid, and the controls are quite easy to use. Honestly, I think it has a lot of reverb settings that I won't use very much, but there's no problem with them being there.I definitely recommend this reverb pedal for fans of Kings of Leon, U2, etc. Or if you're just looking for a pedal to boost your sustain and create deeper tones, this is it. This has definitely enhanced my creativity with a guitar. My only caveat to this review is that I haven't tried out other reverb pedals, but this one definitely suits all my needs. overallrating 5   lineend
name SoundSteeler review This pedal is OK, it has all you need in a reverb, the controls are simple and the sound is good, there are other much more expensive units, but this pedal can be compared to those expensive units, the sound is digital clear and the features are basic, it is worth to have one to have fun with, I recommend this product, DigiTech quality is top of the line so you dont have to worry about it, in general a very good unit. overallrating 4   lineend
name SVT4001 review This pedal is very well constructed but it goes through batteries like CRAZY! You will want to get a power supply if you opt for this unit.I'm not too fond of the sound quality of the reverb either- there are a LOT of better sounding units out there but some folks might find it acceptable.Over all I would not recommend this product. overallrating 2   lineend
name TomVette review  I've had this pedal for a number of years. It provides a wide range of reverb effects, sounds natural and has a killer stereo output. I've haven't heard a pedal that competes with spring reverb, but this pedal keeps up with any simulated reverb pedal I've heard and does an excellent job with amps that lack a spring unit. The effects can go way beyond what a spring unit can do as well. Recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles F. Marks review  I love it and there are a lot of bold type enhancements to my acoustic now.... the chicken picken' is much fun and I am still experimenting. AS with all digitech pedals,  I just seem to love their ease of operation.  the gain on this pedal without feedback is incredible.... overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  The digitech main squeeze is an okay compression pedal. Do I use it? yes. However, I would likely trade it for an MXR or DUNLOP if I had the opportunity. It doesn't sound bad per se' but does have some hiss to it. It also boosts your signal (a noticeable volume increase). While some may like this, I want my compressor to be a little more subtle and just provide some added sustain. overallrating 3   lineend
name Mallory review As soon as I got this pedal I put it on my board and noticed it had a high end hum. I have a 2 Behringer pedals on my board and a lot of people say they are bad noisy pedals,but my pedal board was silent till I put this pedal on it. I've only had it for a few days, but the cons out way the pros. Maybe I will purchase a noise reducer to help clean it up a bit. Once I get around to playing with it I will write another review. overallrating 3   lineend
name Rick Langdon review  Compression/sustain wise, this unit is decent but I cannot abide the noise ... I tolerated it for a while but wound up pulling it for a cleaner compressor ... overallrating 2   lineend
name R. W. Milyard review  I have stayed clear of using pedals for most of my playing carrier (over 40 years), but after installing a Fernandes FSK-101 Sustainer kit and getting the same results as most other guys: Too much sustain on adjacent strings which makes the whole experience a joke, I decided to go ahead and try this compressor out and am very happy with the results. I play mostly clean (jazz, blues, rock) and this unit gives me at least twice the sustain as I would normally get without any pedals. overallrating 5   lineend
name SoundSteeler review Good and transparent compressor with low noise operation, very tough construction, although not the best it sounds good to me, it depends on the situation, the sustain is good. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bradley review In my opinion, this is the best guitar volume pedal available. It is affordable and does exactly what it's supposed to, and does it very, very well I might add. I've tried numerous volume pedals, from Morley to Line 6 to the Dunlop DVP1, and none are as fluid or feel as good as the Ernie Ball Jr.I owned the Dunlop DVP1 for several months, and while it did an okay job of cutting the volume I simply did not like the feel nor the low volume levels. It felt way too bulky under foot and went from about 0 to about 3 when barely applying volume. This is unacceptable when you're trying to clean up your distortion channel or trying to accomplish a slow volume swell. But as soon as I laid the Ernie Ball down and plugged it in I fell in love. Not only does it feel great under your foot and provide precise control, it has a complete volume sweep. Add in some delay and it will give you an organ-type swell. Absolutely perfect!I've heard some people complain about the Ernie Ball Jr being a flimsy pedal but I just don't see this. Of course, it's not a tank like the Dunlop or Morley, but it still feels very solid. It's also lighter than the others mentioned, which is a plus for traveling musicians.I would HIGHLY recommend this pedal. It is one of my favorites on my board and I couldn't imagine playing without it! overallrating 5   lineend
name cvmaparadog review Works smoothly, built like a tank and looks good as well. I've tried other passive volume pedals that didn't work...this one works. Worth every penny. overallrating 5   lineend
name Douglas Kelban review If you want to do swells with your instrument, or make notes &#34;cry&#34;, this' will do the trick. Smooth, reliable action and no noise too. overallrating 5   lineend
name GunHawk review I needed a volume pedal of a smaller stature for my pedal case and this one fits the bill...AND...it's heavy duty, accurate and has a real smooth fall off. overallrating 5   lineend
name jmhr review If you plan to use this pedal as a traditional volume pedal in a Guitar > Volume Pedal > Amp configuration (inserting effects pedals anywhere you like), this is a POORLY engineered pedal.  It can't be review  .)It does occur to me that any pedal with a buffer (NOT \"true bypass\" in other words) may fix this problem, which is more than likely related to impedance, like a tuner pedal, between the guitar and the volume pedal.  I will need to try that out, but it does not excuse Ernie Ball from their responsibility.  Major FAIL on their part.2 stars is generous because EB fails to honor the simple \"first do no harm\" principle. It harms your tone.  How dumb is that?  The pedal itself is very attractive, appears indestructible, though I have my doubts about their \"string\" mechanism over time.  The rocker feels smooth and the weight gives the pedal stability on the floor.I have no recommendations for a volume pedal.  Because of the feel, and esthetics, I do plan to keep this for the digital device use, but wish it was able to do what it promises, and fails so miserably, to deliver. overallrating 2   lineend
name knup0127 review There is no way any kind of rig is complete without at least one of these.  I have several.  Came in perfect working condition.  Great Buy. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lloyd S. Richardson review I recommend this pedal to anyone considering a volume pedal.  It is super sturdy, transparent and I fully expect to have this for a very long time.  The tuner out is a nice feature, but the serious selling point is the quality.  Go no further for your volume pedal needs. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I have a HEAVY Epiphone EB-0 bass and this strap is a life-saver.  Nice, thick and padded and doesnt look too dorky.  The little pocket for the pick is not too practical though because the pick easily falls out and is lost. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I've been a gigging musician for almost 20 years, and this is the most well made, most comfortable guitar/bass strap I've ever used.Pros:- Substantial padding where you need it- Perfect stitching- Heavy, stiff leather ends- Soft, fine-woven material - not the coarse nylon you find in most cheap straps- Underside is lined with an even softer material - makes the strap comfortable even without a shirt on- Did I mention it's super comfortable?Cons:- None to speak of.  Seriously.  It's that phenomenal.Perfect whether you're rocking a featherweight Strat or a 16-pound 6-string bass.I use it with a 13-pound 5-string Warwick bass, and it makes it feel like the bass is a part of me.  I hardly notice I'm actually wearing it.Combine this strap with a decent set of strap locks, and it could easily last you 10 years.You will not be sorry with this purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name B:D review Having a neck-heavy Epiphone SG G-400, I really like this strap because it is not only comfortable but also provides enough friction to keep the guitar in place without much effort. Leather straps are good, too, but they tend to slide off the strap button. overallrating 5   lineend
name Captn' Bob review I bought this for one of my heavier 5-strings as a replacement strap and love it.  I use that particular bass for slap and usually hang that bass higher on me that the others for good slap technique.  This strap adjusts well and the padding is in the right place and comfortable.Good Strap! overallrating 5   lineend
name David Burch review The strap is adjustable on both ends, and the front adjustment slider sat right on my shoulder. I cut it off and glued the material back together with Shoe-Goo, and now it's great. Padding and wide material make standing with a heavy bass a whole lot less tiring. overallrating 4   lineend
name drummerboy review I have now purchased 3 of these guitar straps for my main guitars. I absolutely love them! Great quality, very strong, and great variation of length on them. They are also very wide which is very nice on the shoulders. I highly recommend this strap! overallrating 5   lineend
name HLB review   mentioned the strap's padding design doesn't really allow you to have your bass up in the way high position.  If you're a person who hangs your base under your chin you may have a problem with this strap, other than that, this is a killer product for a killer price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Huevos Rancheros review  I bought this strap to use with an acoustic bass that is rather gargantuan,- A Tacoma 4 string, after a bit of adjustment it worked great. Then I bought an ovation 12 string roundback (very roundback this is a deep dish) I needed a strap to make this bad boy sit where I was, so I grabbed this strap off the bass and gave it a shot. After adjusting it for the difference in size it worked great. Now I'm buying another strap so I will have one on either guitar.(I usually keep a strap on all my guitars if the cases will allow it, sure beats taking them off and putting them on)This strap is very comfortable on an acoustic/electric guitar, probably more so than on a bass as it is supporting less weight. Due to the width of the strap it distributes the weight over a larger area, meaning less pressure on any specific area. This makes it very comfortable.I might change all my guitar straps from 2\" to 3\" now that I've had a taste of comfort.If you aren't comfortable playing, than you are distracted which removes you from the creative moment. This helps keep you in the moment and in the groove and it don't cost a fortune, plus it holds a pick or two.I like my phat strap just fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name L. Jones review I like the 3&#34; wide for my bass. Fits nice and made well. Seems to be secure fit (leather holders are thick). overallrating 5   lineend
name Musicman review I got a couple of these to accommodate different strap locks I have on different bass. The fact that it is wide is nice. As others have said you need to slide the padding down, but you can't beat these for the money. overallrating 4   lineend
name N. McArthur review  Planet Waves makes good stuff.  Take the load off your shoulder from that old Jazz bass, and get a padded 3 inch wide strap. It's long enough to allow my bass to rest at arm's length.  I can adjust it to fit my acoustic guitar, which I hold much higher, and check out the little 'pick-pocket'.  I like these well enough that I have four of them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Playgolfandtennis review This bass strap is really comfortable and for a great price. BTW, that's all I have to say, so don't MAKE me type more. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rahaf review  This strap was great I was glad to find this well made wide strap. This Bass strap spreads the weight more even and reduces the shoulder and back pain,he loves it. Just the job. overallrating 5   lineend
name Santa Barbara Yann review It's not fancy, but it's well though out, and you can't beat the value. The edges don't cut your neck, and having adjustments at both ends allows you to adjust it exactly how you want. Like others, I had to unstitch the pick holder pocket in order to provide a greater range of adjustment. The foam position is never a problem as it will slide where you want, and it flexible/thin enough to go through the buckles if needed. Excellent no frills product with good enough cushioning for a bass. overallrating 5   lineend
name Skip review I am pleased with the strap and the low price. I bought it for a very large body &#34;F&#34; hole electric guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Boiler98 review This is a nice leather mandolin strap.  Fits fine on my cheap Rogue A type mandolin.  Amazingly, it is made in Canada, not China!  The leather is very smooth and flexible, not stiff like some cheap straps. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ed review serves its purpose; worked better when I added a quick-disconnect attachment; quality finish, comfortable, and enough range to adjust as needed; overallrating 5   lineend
name Gerardo Piero Pavone review I am so happy with this product that after buying the first one, I bought two more for my bouzouki and for my octave mandolin. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr Tall review This is a perfect strap sized just right for mandolin.I would have given it five stars except mine arrived with a paper label glued to the back of the strap, which when peeled off left a sticky spot on the strap where it would press against the mandolin finish. overallrating 3   lineend
name Paul Hicken review produce is great price and good quality. it is just the right size to hold my mandolin while I play. overallrating 5   lineend
name puddytat review OK quality and certainly better than a piece of rope.  I found it a bit uncomfortable for sure but for the money it is worthwhile. overallrating 3   lineend
name REM review This strap is not only nice looking and an excellent product.  Well made and sturdy. It would be hard to beat. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review If you are looking for a 100% leather mandolin strap, consider another strap.  The outside surface of the Planet Waves strap is leather but the inside surface is some kind of man-made material glued to the thin leather part.  I will be ordering the Levys \"Leather Mandolin Strap (Walnut)\". overallrating 1   lineend
name C. P. Hendrix review Not that many good products/accessories for ukuleles.  This one is perfect in size and price.  However, you must be creative when attaching it to the headstock.  Just give it a little thought.  Overall it's fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe Morris review Other reviewers have mentioned that the slot that goes over the strap peg is tight. They are correct, but it stays on like a monkey riding a motorcycle. For the bread this is a great strap. Buy one and see what I mean. My uncle played with a couple of old boot laces for a strap back in the day. Treat yourself and leave your laces in your boot... overallrating 5   lineend
name Jonathan Cannon review It was very hard to get the hole in the strap over the button on my mandolin.  At least it won't fall off soon!  I just got another mandolin with no button, and this strap has no way to attach to it. overallrating 3   lineend
name StudentBern review If you need it, good unobtrusive device for front or as a momentary back strap.  Leather or simulated, this was quite adequate for my purposes.  Price was right! Delivery was immediate.  Rolls up to fit in gig bag and no doubt would adequately go into the hard case.  This one is compatible with the finish on my instrument, since it comes in at least two distinct color tones.Planet Waves Mandolin Strap, Brown.  Also comes in Black. There is also an embossed model (Brown) offered at minimumly higher price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Captn' Bob review This comes with adapters for just about any pedal you would need power for and if you look at the picture, I LOVE the way this mounts to power strip.  You can actually put several (if needed) side by side, unlike most other power adapters that take up as much as 2 spaces.  It is rated to 1700 mA but I try to keep to 1500 or less.I looked at power requirements of all my pedals and combined accordingly. overallrating 5   lineend
name Colin Hendrick review isn't it sad when somebody produces a great product but screws up on the description? The product is great value for money and worth while buying, if for no other reason than save money on overpriced DC power units from the manufacturers of the pedal units. Trouble is that they do not say whether or not the cables come with the unit. They don't!! Dumb of them, as all they needed to say  was you needed to buy them separately, which I later did. Seems like nit picking? Well, it's not as live abroad and these things take a long while to come down to me. Sloppy isn't it? overallrating 3   lineend
name Dan Dreifort review  Used one of these when I forgot mine and loved it so much, I had to get my own.-- Small, takes up only one spot on a power strip or outlet-- Long cord is great!-- Enough juice to power all of my pedals simultaneouslyTotally worth the buy. Do it! overallrating 5   lineend
name David Spangler review  Highly recommend this adapter because it is transformerless and has high current capacity for powering numerous guitar effect pedals. It is highly reliable and introduces no hum nor noise. Also, it is designed so that it will plug into a power strip without covering adjacent receptacles. Thanks to Amazon for offering this great product. overallrating 5   lineend
name ETD review It works great for five of my lower power pedal type items, including my Line 6 wireless receivers, Shure wireless receivers, and several other pedals like my Cry Baby, etc., all at once.  However, the transmitter for my Shure wireless in-ear monitor, which requires less power than any of the other two items combined, will not run, even by itself, when powered by the 1 Spot.  Switching power supplies like this can have a mind of their own, and there is probably some little quirk in the Shure transmitter circuit that this power supply doesn't get along with.  For most of my stuff it works great, and eliminates a bunch of extra power supplies and cords. overallrating 4   lineend
name Filipe N. Marques review  s about this brand being noisy. I suspect this to be happening with the 8 pedal version. Too many for one simple 9 volt source to handle.I've owned it for a couple of months, used it at home 5 days a week and rehearsed at high volumes about a dozen times. Zero hum or buzz from the unit. I should also mention that I do not have any drive/distortion pedals on my board. overallrating 5   lineend
name Franklin J review At the begining I wasn't sure to buy it since there are a lot of reviews out there with negative imputs about this, so I decided to buy it and I started having problems right of the box, I notice this noise coming out of my amp and also a bad performance of my pedals, then I started to play with them and realized that I had too many pedals connected through a daisy chain, so I decided to leave just one connector alone and available and only used 4 with my pedals and surprise!, connected to a power strip it eliminated all the unwanted noise and performance started to work just fine, I also realized that pedals positions (routing signal) has something to do with it, I couldn't figure out what was it but defenetly works just fine once you got it right, so I would recomend to play a little with your set up and make sure to avoid abuse on it, so it work as it is supposed to. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jerry review This is a great invention.  I have five different guitar effects pedals and a loop station all attached to this.  It really saves on batteries and extension chords.  It is well worth the money. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe Toland review This is the answer to your all your power supply needs. If you own more than 1 pedal (and we all do) You need this. It powers my Wah and all my stomp boxes with 1 plug. It comes with all the different power plug options and a daisy chain for 5 pedals. It has the adapters to power pedals without a place to plug in by attaching the battery snap to the battery place on the pedal then pluging into the daisychain. It also has the pin plugs to attach to the daisychain for pedals that require that kind of plug in. and it has a 10 foot lead wire so you can reach out to your pedals or pedalboard without having to drag a heavy extension cord across the stage to trip on while your playing. you'll save enough money to pay for it in no time, not having to buy batteries. Get it, you'll love it! I overallrating 5   lineend
name StevenEddy review  I use this at the house for pedal power or for testing new pedals.I don't use this on my pedal board and don't know if I would recommend it for heavy live use. I suppose having more than one for reliability would be the key here.It does work well and will power many pedals at one time. I do not use it for powering only one pedal though. This device puts out a lot of juice and will be noisy at times through less expensive pedals.I also like the fact that it only takes one spot on a power strip without covering up a neighboring power outlet.Easy to use - it is what it is. overallrating 4   lineend
name Widmarke K. Loo review I choose this rating cause it is the best Adapter I've found. I like that is doesn't heat up or even get warm although I only use it with my looper. Another plus +++ is the length of the cord is the best cause I don't need to use and extension cord with it. One less thing to set up, carry around and worry about. I Truly recommend this One Spot Adapter to everyone. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review I didn't do the sound quality test but i have another one of these and it works just fine. I just tested if all the plugs work and they do. If i'll get some sound problems i will write an update but i'm confident that it's going to be ok. overallrating 4   lineend
name ben review This plug works very well.  I like the right angle connectors.  I have a Korg Pitchblack plus that can act as a powersource for other pedals.  It included a multi-plug cable, but not a right angle one.  The connectors kind of stuck out and got in the way on my pedalboard.  This works much better. overallrating 4   lineend
name Carlo Verdi review This original plug fits the purpose perfectly! Quality and precision! The plugs don't take up space (couldn't be smaller) and the wiring is pliable and easy to rout in and out of spaces on your pedalboard. Keep away from the cheap imitations that rob you of space and are hard to work with! Make sure what you receive is a One Spot product in its original packaging (check images). overallrating 5   lineend
name cassandra tu review  I've got 5 effects hooked up to this thing. It fits beautifully and powers all of them at once. Have no problems with this. I recommend it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris Hayden review The One Spot is a great way to supply power to all your stomp boxes without a bulky power supply or a bunch of wall warts.  Get it, you won't be sorry. overallrating 5   lineend
name CLS review Arrived on time ... works as intended and maybe more.One day, I was pondering how best to de-clutter my wall receptacles from a glut of power adapters and also my table from a spaghetti of ensuing power cords used to feed various 9V-12V DC equipment on my table or rack. Fortunately, I chanced upon this little gem and in an instant ... my problem was solved. I chose the 12V adapter with the highest rated power output and used that as my primary 12V DC source and this little gem to power all the other equipment on the table or rack. I also bought another similar unit form another source here on Amazon and used that to supply the 9V DC source to power the rest of the units that needed a 9V source. Everything worked fine and I relegated the remaining adapters to storage. Been working without a problem to this day. overallrating 5   lineend
name Databoss review This is a very handy item to have when you need to connect your guitar effects with power.  Its easy to install and keeps things simple.  No more extra messy cabling.  Glad I got it.  Thanks to Amazon for the quick delivery. overallrating 5   lineend
name David G review Bought this for my guitar pedals and it works great and doesn't cost much.  I just attached it to an existing adapter and voila. overallrating 4   lineend
name David Spangler review  High-quality cable for expanding the capability of the One-Spot or Godlyke 9V power adapter. Distance between plugs more than adequate for most pedal boards. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dennis M review Running 3 to 5 pedals on my board, this was a logical choice of power. The single transformer running into the board with the multi-plug was easy to set up and the small profile of the plugs, combined with the thin cables makes for a neat and uncluttered board. There is no lin drop of power and the devices are able to draw the current needed to work at their peak. Further, with the transformer being well away from the board, there is zero AC hum. What's not to like here? overallrating 5   lineend
name ETD review Good quality, wired correctly, can't complain.  If you use the \"One Spot\" power adaptor, you need to have a couple of these laying around.  It's probably not practical, but I wish they made more sizes.  In one configuration, I only need two plugs, in another configuration I need three, and yet another configuration I need five, so I actually bought a few of the fives, and cut them off to the length I need. overallrating 4   lineend
name Fabio review This helped me a lot building my pedal board, actually think its kinda overpriced, but its really really good.I have 2 of these actually.I recommend this product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Filipe N. Marques review  What can I say? It does what it should.  5 pedals on a chain runs safely without crazy hiss and hum on my rig. Of course, if you're running a chain of drive/distortion pedals, you're asking for it.Works great for me. Zero complaints. overallrating 5   lineend
name Franklin J review Nice daisy chain, If it's bought along with the 1 spot adapter, just make sure to avoid using all the connectors, since it could overload the adapter and you'll have noise problems and performance issues, if you use 4 analog pedals connected (as I do) there won't be any problem, I had to play around and also realized that some pedals might use little more power on their funtions, so what I do is that I have a 1 spot adapter connected to a power strip with my 3 boss pedals and a Wah, and in the other power strip slot I have another generic adapter connected with my MXR noise clamp so it doesn't interferes with them. I works just fine. overallrating 4   lineend
name grandpa review  Works like a charm. Powers up to five 9V effects, using one power supply. I am using four plugs and it has worked flawlessly. No more dead 9V batteries. Some effects eat 9V batteries like a 6 year old with a cone of cotton candy. overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  I own a one spot but ran out of plugs for all my pedals. This product allowed me to lengthen my cord and provide the added power supply that I needed. No tone loss at all. Great to have an extension rather than having to get another power supply!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Jerry review I bought an extension for it, and so this plug has allowed me to stop using eight batteries. Hard not to like that. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe Toland review If you own more than 1 pedal (and we all do) you need this and the 1 spot adapter. It will save you a lot of money on batteries and aggravation when you battery runs out on stage. It's worth it's weight in gold. and RockIsland Sound sends it out FAST!. You can count on me for future purchases! Thanks Guys! overallrating 5   lineend
name John review I used this along with a Dunlop DC adapter and it all fits nicely.  I'm powering a Zoom MS-50G and a Fulltone OCD.  It will pay for itself over a year in saved battery costs. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jonathan Cannon review I only have two pedals, but that was one outlet spot too many, and it really makes a difference when you're onstage with only one power strip.  Now I just wish I had an attachment that would let me charge my laptop and iPhone from the same plug as the pedals.  Can't always get what you want. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joshua Cuellar review  This product works as advertised, but you should beware. These are RIGHT ANGLED, and they WILL NOT fit in a lot of pedals including the CRYBABY WAH.You have been warned!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Josiah H. review I started by powering 1 stomp box on this chain and it worked, but when I tried to add a second/third stomp box, I couldn't get any guitar sound only a loud buzz. I returned this product I did further testing, I would not recommend it to anyone. With my personal experience in mind, I would advise you to save your money and get a pedalboard power supply. hope this helps overallrating 2   lineend
name Laytonium review I bought this because I had already bought a \"1 spot\" plug but as i gained pedals, I needed something to power them without buying more adapters and this is greatest way to solve that problem. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Levi Cannon review One Spots come with an 8-pedal multi plug. If you only have 4 pedals, or lets say you have 12, powering them with an 8 plug makes it difficult to isolate power and noise levels properly. The left over connectors can cause ground issues if they touch things when they aren't plugged into pedals. Using this smaller multi plug will leave less open spaces, alternatively it can be attached to any link in another multiplug to add more plugs. Very nice quality, just as with all one spot stuff. Great price, great purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mallory review Completely quite. Connected with no problem. I own two. overallrating 5   lineend
name Meganicus review Good long cable works well with all my pedals, well worth it to get ride of annoying 9 v batteries. overallrating 4   lineend
name Megs review If you're buying this and new to effects pedals (like I was), you'll be concerned whether it'll work with the inexpensive pedals you're likely to also be buying, especially since there is a large kit with a number of converters that might scare you into thinking you'll need them. The two most common types of inexpensive pedals are Danelectro and Behringer, and if you're like me they're ll you'll buy for quite a while. The good news is, you do NOT need to buy converters for them. This little beauty will run all your Behringer and Danelectro pedals, off from any of the standard 9V power supplies available (you don't NEED to buy a 1SPOT, I use it with a Behringer but you could certainly put it together with the less-expensive Planet Wave if you're working on an even tighter budget. In short, buy this product, it will save you its cost in 9V batteries within the first two months if you're on low-price pedals. overallrating 5   lineend
name N. MCCAMMON review  Works. Works as expected and should last a really really long time. Glad I bought it. Nothing else to say. Thanks. overallrating 5   lineend
name Risenheart Consulting review ...thing is great for multi-pedal use!  This is a must if you have any of the Danelectro/FAB pedals.  As anyone who has one of these pedals knows they eat 9-volts like candy, you purchase the power supply (search for Danelectro DA-1 9.6V AC Adapter) and this cable and you're good to go for up to 5 pedals!  No more battery swaps. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tachyon review Very nice cable. I used this with my Planet Waves 9v adapter. It works very well, all my pedals powered off one adapter is very useful. The Onespot adapter itself would probably be even better as it only takes one place on a power strip etc instead of a chunky old school adapter like the Planet Waves style. Really nice product for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Van Zeppelin review  but it does what it advertises. I use this in conjugation with a one spot and a boss daisy chain coming from my TU-3 (great tuner by the way). Starting to build my pedal board so I figured better to start off with a 30 dollar power source than to go and spend like two hundred on a T-Rex fuel tank, which I'm planing on in the future. Great adapter for all of your pedals, decent quality, and only ten bucks. Can't beat it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Victor Hugo review It's a well build daisy chain DC power cable. It has good lenght between two plugs. You won't have difficulties to plug your pedals. overallrating 5   lineend
name Widmarke K. Loo review This Multi-plug works great and has enough plugs for 5 pedals. I only needed it for two pedals which are not in a case, so there is some extra plugs hanging on the floor but is better than setting up another wall wart each pedal. If needed in the future I have these extra plugs. I recommend this Multi-Plug to everyone! overallrating 5   lineend
name windowshopper review great little cable.  now i power all my pedals with one power supply.  makes setting up for gigs much easier overallrating 5   lineend
name Bacon review Every guitar I've ever cared about has had this strap on it. I must've bought about 10 of these over my lifetime, and I don't regret it even in the slightest. overallrating 5   lineend
name From Detroit review The DiMarzio strap lock system here is hands down the best strap lock system available.  The Dunlops tend to release if they're bumped, and the Schaller locks can be a bit too bulk for some instruments.  The DiMarzio models are extremely comfortable, easy to install, and very easy to use. overallrating 5   lineend
name Matt32 review  I love these straps.  I have them installed on all of my guitars.  After a Dunlop lock failure, I decided to change over.  Our band's drummer and guitarist both used and recommened these straps so I gave them a chance.  They are amazing, much more comfortable then one of those bulky, heavy leather straps and just as strong.  I was worried that the plastic clips wouldn't hold up, but they do.  I feel 100% secure that my guitar will not fall.  They look good as well and they are easily adjustable.  My transmitter pack slid on with ease and I was ready to go.  A lot of bands I have seen on the road use these straps.I didn't rate these straps 5 stars however, because of a few reasons:1- I play heavy guitars, I was concerned about the screws that came with the straps.  For a standard, lightweight guitar they may be fine, but for say a Gibson, or my Agile Intrepid Pro, I wanted more security.  I took a slighty wider and longer screw than provided, covered it and filled the install hole with epoxy, and drilled it in.  It holds incredible, its NOT coming out now for sure.2- I use the black, white, and blue colors.  They discolor very easily.  Through sweat, dirt, and cigarette smoke, they eventually start to look nasty.  I would suggest going with the black for this reason.3- I put my confidence in these straps 100%, but I wouldn't start doing guitar swings with them.  Its just a plastic clip, and anything can fail.  I've seen guys electrical/duct tape the clips for extra support and they've all been able to get away with swinging their guitars around, but personally I choose to play it safe (as I lost my best guitar to a failed straplock during a spin).All DiMarzio products are incredible. If you want something light and comfy that looks sleek and will keep your guitar protected, I highly suggest these straps. overallrating 4   lineend
name prsjames review Works better than straplocks as it doesnt fail like regular straplocks. I'd use it for lightweight guitars. Using this on a les paul will kill your shoulder. I always suggest this strap to \"kids\" who spin their guitars while on stage. This strap is the industry standard that will save your guitar from damage overallrating 5   lineend
name victormanuel3007 review Well made product, strong and looks good. I love this strap, try one, you wont be dissapointed. Like always, Dimarzio products, are simply the best. overallrating 5   lineend
name David McCarthy review just arrived in good shape. Polish w/ an expansive polishing cloth. Almost size of a dinner napkin which is nice as opposed to much smaller lens cleaning cloths. overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald review Better than Dunlop polish. It really holds up well and leaves a really nice shine. Mine didn't come with a polishing cloth like the picture shows though. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Edgar Mihelic review  I bought this set mainly because I wanted a cheap micro-fiber cloth to polish off my guitars.  For the price of just a microfiber cloth, this set throws in a polish.The cloth is just what I wanted. It is soft and I feel good rubbing it on my instrument. I wish there were a little pouch that came with it so you can keep it separate -- mine is right now in a ziploc bag in my basement with my other loose gear.  The polish is just that -- it is works to bring out a shine, but it is not a cleaner.  You also have to be careful about where on your instrument you get the polish; there is a bit of wax in there and it is not string-friendly. overallrating 4   lineend
name Kreature review The Product Itself Is Good, Shined My Guitar Up Nicely, The Cloth I Received Was A Black Microfiber Cloth With The Ernie Ball Logo, I Must Say That The Cloth Is Very Nice, It's Soft And Lint Free, So The Cloth Alone Was Worth Purchasing This Polish, After The Polish Is Gone I Will Probably Try Another Product, I Need Something That Will Conceal The Fine Scratches On My Guitar Finish, Probably Like A Guitar Wax, But All In All This Product Seems Good For Wiping Down The Guitar After Playing, Keeps The Instrument Nice And Shiny. It Removes Smudges And Fingerprints Quite Nicely, Not A Bad Product, It Arrived Within A Couple Of Days, I Am Satisfied With This Purchase overallrating 4   lineend
name Review Man review  I recently bought this (May 2011) to use on both my acoustic and electric and it works fine.PROS:  Non-oily, water-like consistency; leaves no residue behind;  slight non-chemical odor that doesn't linger on your guitar; removes smudges, fingerprints, etc. and leaves a nice shine; comes with a large lint- and dust-free, fast-drying cloth (black); less expensive than most other guitar polishes.CONS:  The pump sprays in a very wide area, so be careful to avoid spraying strings, pickups, etc.The polish in the bottle works well and the lint-free cloth works well too.  I can't see spending more for Gibson or Dunlop polish kits when this work just fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name Santa Barbara Yann review I have limited experience with these types of product, but it does get finger grime off quite well, and does not leave streaks like another guitar-brand name product I also have. overallrating 4   lineend
name ReplacerReviewer review  The cleaner works as it should and the price is fair but what really did it for me is the cloth. Just feels right for the job.. overallrating 4   lineend
name Zach Briggs review Although The cloth I got was black and not yellow just pointing that out. It works amazingly for my guitar now its like a mirror. I can see my reflection perfectly clear. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Baker review Nice cables.  So far I've not had any problems with them, but haven't put them through a lot of use just yet.  Also have the Monster audio cables that work just as well, but cost more!  I'll have to see over time which brand out lasts the other. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ariana Rivadeneira review  Have to try them more and with other amps. By now, they work really good and no interference where detected..at least by my ears =/What I like is that they last a lot!! these are the second planet waves cables that I own and the first ones are still in great conditions!! overallrating 4   lineend
name Barryd0927 review this cable is perfect! great sound quality and durability. I will not buy any other cable except planet waves! best bang for the buck for any working musician hands down, yes there are cheaper cables ,,but they don't sound as good or last as long, Planet Waves is the way to go overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob review I have many Planet Waves cables. They are all very well made.  I like the molded ends that seem to help prevent shorts. An excellent value. I would highly recommend. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Forbes review  I bought this to replace a cord I was using to practice my guitar. My first cheap cord wasn't actually broken, but I didn't want any down time, so I had this just sitting there as a replacement. Fast forward some time, and I just wanted to try it out. Even though my cheap cord was still working fine, I really wanted to just try out the new cord.I really wish I had done that in the first 30 days. This cord did not work right at all. It seems like there is a short in it somewhere. I had to unplug/plug/ maneuver into place. Of course since it is for guitar, it falls almost immediately out of place again. So, I am back to the cheap cord that hasn't failed, unlike this brand new bad cable. overallrating 1   lineend
name CRS71 review Look no further...You will not be let down by the build quality of these cables nor by the sound quality. I have a Monster M ROCK-12 cable. Put up against these, I fail to distinguish the difference in sound. The only difference? Price. These cables are the ONLY cable I will ever use from now on. Go ahead, buy them. You will love them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Debs review  I love this cable. They last for ever and NEVER cause buzz or noise. These are the only ones I buy now. overallrating 5   lineend
name Guitar Operator review  Probably the best single thing this cable has going for it is the Lifetime Warranty.I have owned Planet Waves cables in the past and twice I have sent them back for replacement...no problems whatsoever.For the price you are paying (about $1 dollar per foot) you get good quality cable, good cores and shielding with heavy duty retention at the jack connector ends.Not the best, but not the worst. Good enough for live stage gigging and probably won't notice much difference if you are recording.I haven't noticed any RF hum or noise when moving about with these cables.They also come with a set of colored bands so you can easily identify which cable goes to where, cable owner, etc.Affordable price and lifetime warranty make this a \"feel good\" purchase.I would recommend these cables and will buy again. overallrating 4   lineend
name J. Carney review  ers have noted, the ends are too short and dont allow the cable to \"click\" into the jack of your guitar or amp. Easily remedied by cutting back the rubber by about 1/8\" then the cable is fine.Other than that I like the cable construction and the large sized ends. overallrating 3   lineend
name J. Cedeno review  You can't beat these beefy thick cords for the price however some do have a flaw, On some pedals and guitars they pop out cause the length of the metal shaft is too short so it doesn't click into the jack. measured the length and they are short by about 1mm or so.I go a razor blade and carefully trimmed some of the rubber insulation and that took care of the problem. Minor but annoying detail when the cord pops out of your guitar! overallrating 4   lineend
name JdoubleH review Super low capacitance- on par with or better than many of the more expensive cables from Mogami, Canare, etc. The connectors are fantastic and they come with Planet Waves' super-handy elastic cord wrap. These are outstanding guitar cables at a VERY good price. I used to only buy cables with serviceable connectors, but with these, I don't see the point. The lifetime exchange warranty also makes the DIY repair thing kind of pointless too (of course Amazon's return policy is still 30 days, so be aware of that- you'd need to mail it back to the MFR or take it to another dealer to exchange - that is if you ever had to). overallrating 5   lineend
name JuanKiDaz review been using these cables for three months now. I use them with aZoom G1N Guitar Multi Effects Pedaland they sound great. decided to get this one over the cheaper ones because after doing a little online research I found out that these are suppuosed to take abuse and hold their own better over time. they have a good lenght, of course this being taken in consideration what type of venues you'll be playing. so far I've only used them in rehearsal studios but will be using them live for the first time in a couple of halloween gig I've got coming up the end of the month. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Walker review The Planet Waves instrument cables have a nice heft to them and click firmly into the amp/instrument.I have had no problems with them at all.The attached elastic tie down that comes with these custom cables makes it easy to coil the cables for storage.5 stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Marc review I have to start off by saying this cable does not produce the same sound quality of my Mogami Gold cables.  If you are recording and are going to meticulous about your sound, this might not be the cable for you.HOWEVER, for the price and purpose this a five star cable.  The plastic plug ends relieve stress on the connection, but also feel sturdy and secure.  The gold plating ensures a solid connection.What I like most about this cable is that it's guaranteed for life and I can bring it to a Planet Waves authorized dealer for a replacement... or so their packaging claims.  I have not had to replace mine. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike review These cables are very high quality, they feel hefty and durable.  I wish I'd gotten one longer than 5 feet though since I can only play close to my amp with two five footers.  Oh, well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sheena Archambault review I've been using this one for about a year now, with no problems. I really like the durability and clear sound quality. overallrating 5   lineend
name Techie review  First off, I'm a big fan of D'Addario strings and their Planet Waves division.  So when I needed a quality cable with a right angle plug, I got one of theirs.  I don't really know if it's better than other brands or not.  But it does the job and it's well made. overallrating 5   lineend
name T. Winkler review  I was using the standard version of these, I saw these at Amazon and figured I'd give them a try.These cables are a little more stiff than the standard cables I was using however the ends seem much more well belt.Doesn't make a difference in the sound? I don't know but I am satisfied with this purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Shumway review I read a lot of positive reviews on the 9.5s and after some use, I am kind of disappointed.CONSTRUCTION:They are just like any other strings, just lighter gaugePACKAGING:It arrived well packaged and was in perfect conditionPRICE:At $4.99 new with free 2 day shipping, this is a no brainer.CONCLUSION:I initially liked the feel of these strings, but the more I played the more I realized that it didnt have the tone I was looking for. I am used to 10s and 11s and though they are more difficult to bend with, they sound much fuller. I put these on my latest stratocaster build and have since replaced them with 10s. overallrating 4   lineend
name cvmaparadog review I actually wasn't aware of this gauge of string until I purchased a guitar from the great George Lynch. The strings felt different than the 9s I use on my Fenders and the 10s I use on my Gibsons. So the next time I saw George, I asked him what strings he put on that guitar and he told me D'Addario 9.5s. I love them on my Mr Scary Guitars Burnt Tiger and that is the only brand/gauge of string that I will ever put on that guitar! I definitely recommend trying out a set. overallrating 5   lineend
name H. S. Ryu review  These strings are best suited for Strats if you want to keep those easy to bend leads but have a little bit more tone. They're also quite good on Les Paul style guitars if you like slinky strings. My issue with them is that the B string and the A string are a bit unbalanced with respect to the others. I would prefer if the B string were 0 12 instead of 0 115 and if the A were 0 32 instead of 0 34. As such, I prefer to buy the strings individually and customize my own set that way. But if you're not too picky, this will suit you very well. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ian review this is as light as you want to go on a LP scale length.. about the same tension as 9s on a strat.so, don't want 9s, and 10s too tight then 9.5s it is.. nice strings overallrating 5   lineend
name John review guitar string 9.5 between 9 and 10.  Does its job for those who want strings that are easier to bend than 10 and not as noodlely as 9. overallrating 5   lineend
name khoney review I bought these D'Addario strings after going back and forth between 9s and 10s and have really come to like these sizes.  They keep a nice, slinky feel and keep a lot of tone through many hours of playing.  I'm really happy with this D'Addario purchase! overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam H review Honestly, the strings are great. They sound great and they are (relatively) inexpensive for bass strings. I love them, and they will be what I buy the next time I change out as well. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name BigSteph66 review I like the strings. I'll be changing them soon though, because they have a really light sound and I like the smooth low sound. I like that these strings come with a code that allows you to determine whether they are authentic or counterfeit. Will buy these again. overallrating 4   lineend
name David Burch review My go-to string brand for any stringed instrument. Punchy round-wound tone, but very responsive to the tone controls for a more muted sound where required. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Edgar Mihelic review  I bought a bass from this site, and as much as I love the thing, I'm not an expert.  I popped my E string over-tightening it when I was setting it up.  I replaced the factory strings with these.  I'm told it sounds better now.  I think so as well, but I can't quite quantify it. overallrating 4   lineend
name L. Jones review I usually use the Pro Steels (by D'Addario)  but these sound and fit nicely with my Squire Fender P Bass. Amazon seems to have great prices and it's nice to have them delivered too. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark Burgess review These are super strings. They will last and last and last, and give you great sound. Easy to put on and tune. overallrating 5   lineend
name Oldcabdriver review I'm normally an acoustic guitar player but recently acquired my first electric ever.  It was used, and the strings were dismal sounding, so I bought these D'Addario EXLs.  They hold pitch beautifully.  My only complaint has to do with my guitar technique, not the strings.  Having used heavier strings forever on my acoustic guitars, the recommended lighter gauge recommended for the electric don't like my \"heavy-handed\" approach to pressing down the strings.  As a result, the highly bendable lighter strings become sharp up near the nut until I relax and enjoy playing with a very light touch.  It will take some getting used to -- or else I'll simply move to heavier strings and leave the lighter ones to lead guitarists who know what they are doing.  All of that said, the strings are pure joy to play. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pepper review I've used D'Addario's on so many different Guitar's the only opinion I can honestly give Ya is that They are the best. In the Studio or on Stage, They stay in tune and work very well with any pickup You are using. I put these on My Wife's Bass cause She is still learning and with a Fender Squire it sounds almost as good as a Precision Fender Bass. They stay true to the note so She will get to know what the pitch and note should sound like every time...... overallrating 5   lineend
name Playgolfandtennis review I have been trying to find the perfect gauge and this is it.  Tried 40-100 (too light and high) and 50-110 (too deep, not good for popping), but is right in the middle.  Perfect. overallrating 5   lineend
name pops review a solid favorite around my house. fat and deep, snappy when needed. you can definitly pay more, and you may want a more specific tone, but these are a safe bet that always sound good overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick from Westport, MA review Best articulate bass string for the money.  I have one of the first versions of the Fender Precision Lyte bass from the 90s.  I have started to use lighter strings to keep the neck from getting fatigued.  They sound great and stay in tune.  Sound like Rotosounds.....think Roger Glover, Geddy Lee, and Chris Squier.  Nice bright and deep sound with fingers or pick.  I am not a slap style player so I can't comment on that.  I set my action fairly high to keep every thing clean as possible. Try them, you'll like them and your bass guitar neck will be happy. overallrating 4   lineend
name Risenheart Consulting review ...strings I use D'Addario strings on my acoustic and electric guitars as well they are great.  They have a really nice sound and don't cost an arm and a leg... overallrating 3   lineend
name Santa Barbara Yann review I keep going back and forth between DR High Beams and these. My teacher really likes the High Beams, but these are half the price, and the tone is just great and, surely a new set of these are going to have more &#34;oomph&#34; than a set of High Beams I keep a little too long because they cost more. . .  Recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name StudioDude review Through my Ampeg bass amp, the low E string gets distorted when you push the bass control above 7, and the upper 3 strings sound kind of plain. overallrating 2   lineend
name TWM review So these are  pretty great strings. Not much to say. The price is really good. About ten dollars a set which is really good. overallrating 4   lineend
name A Conrad review  I use these strings on most of my acoustic guitars, except for the smaller Takamine New Yorker and A&L; Ami (I use the D'Addario custom lights).  I have grown a fondness for the Phosphor Bronze strings because of the perfect balance between the warm full sound with strumming and bright tones when picking.  ALso, the brightness is retained longer than other bronze and brass alloys I've tried, such as Martins and Elixirs.  These strings are quite durable and long-lasting.  In the 10 years I've been playing, I've never had these strings break on me (I've broken Martin and Elixir strings in the past).  The color-coded end balls help with the restringing.  I typically get the three-pack so I can restring a trio set of my herd at a time.  I really can't complain about anything.The individual gauges are:  12,  16,  24w,  32w,  42w,  53wHighly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam H review I was an Ernie Ball guy for a long time. But I was getting pissed because the Ernies kept corroding so quickly. So I tried these, and they seem to hold up better. There are coated strings that will last longer, but I don't like spending so much on strings. And of course, they sound excellent too. Stock up!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Alexandra Spark review  They are easier to play on the the medium gauge strings that came with my guitar. I am a beginner so although they still hurt my fingers they were an improvement. They also have a pretty color to them, and the ends of the strings (the ones that go in the holes during installation) are color coded and come with a chart, which makes things easy. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review I've use these strings for years. I play often and like to change strings often. I can do it without breaking the bank and they hold up well for many practices and gigs. They hold tune very we (at least on my guitar) indoors and out. I'd highly recommend them. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. M. Steiner review My guitar originally came with D'Addrio exp and they sounded good. I replaced them with Elixir nanoweb coated strings and they also sounded good, but the finish was wearing fast. This time I got a 3 pack of EJ16-3d light. The were easy to put on and have held up well other than tarnishing quickly.But the sound is the problem. It's terrible. They sound very muddy. Crisp tone distinction is just not there. I thought light would be the better route, but now I'm not sure. I purchased some others to try. Also, since a purchased a 3 pack. I may just change the strings completely again to see If I just have some dead strings. overallrating 2   lineend
name Ann Vande Zande review These were the same strings originally strung on my Godin Seagull, and I absolutely love their sound, feel, and durability. The one reason I actually needed them because my G string broke while I was tuning too fast. The sound is almost identical to what D'Addario describes, these strings have a great, uplifting sound to them, hard to soft strums. Playing feels great with them, nothing out of the ordinary either strumming or the fretboard feel, clean and smooth. When replacing, I ran into no problems, quick and easy. I love the strings and their price, definitely will stick with this brand as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Arlcay review These strings from D'Addario are a personal favorite of mine. I love the EJ16 light gauge for their size and ease of use. I think the light gauge is a nice size that won't hurt your fingers, or put undue stress on your guitar. Not only that, but they sound great. Not too big or not too small! I have plenty of volume and drive for bluegrass. I love how they color code their strings on the \"ball ends\". To me this makes it much easier when changing strings. You don't have to worry about mixing up your strings. I've also had no problem with the fit; unlike some brands. Give these a try. I think you'll be satisfied. overallrating 5   lineend
name bassestkkm review Only issue they break easily. But they last a long time and sound great. Well worth the money. Crisp and fresh tone for a long time. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Clark review These are the only strings I use on my acoustic/electric. Love the sealed bags to keep the air tight seal. Prefer the Extra lights. overallrating 5   lineend
name Beach Panda review I brought this set beasue one of the strings broke on the kid size guitar, and I also wanted to have backup strings.  I haven't tried many different strings.  I have used the strings (D'addario EXP) that came with on my Takamine GS330S, and it's been good for year+. IIf the strings break, I will try this one GS330S as well.  Over all, I think D'addario is great for warm balance tones. After the strings were set and \"stretch\" for few days playing, it stays in tune.  The strings were set for more than 6 months, they still are playable, and the sounds are okay on kid size guitar.  I don't think there will be any problem if the strings are on my GS330S.  I'm happy with the purchase and the quality of the strings. overallrating 4   lineend
name Benjamin Adrian review These sound great and last a long time for me.  Plus, they're reasonably priced.  Put 'em in your case and don't be unprepared.  I like squirrels. overallrating 4   lineend
name B. Frank review I play resonator guitars open tuned. These are the only strings that hold up well to the tension of an open &#34;A&#34; tuning. I recently tried multiple other brands and gauges (almost every B string snapped / to C#) only to come back to these... Only wish they came in packs of 10 cause I go through about three sets a month (3 guitars) overallrating 5   lineend
name Bill review Strings, they're all I use on my acoustic.  These custom light strings in particular give me the sound I wanted from my guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name The Pusher review What is there to say. If you're looking at this cable, then you must have some knowledge of tone loss. Simple, if you want a studio quality cable that gives you top notch tone signal, buy Mogami. I have owned hundreds of cables and nothing in this price range touches Mogami. Sure you can buy the expensive Analysis Plus Pro and Evidence Audio cables. But you will NOT hear a difference. Lifetime warranty and you won't be replacing it any time soon. Works flawlessly for live situations and in the studio. All I own are Mogami cables. Check out the silent plug for your guitar cable cord. Goodbye pops and noise. overallrating 5   lineend
name Carlo review ...but it works fine for me.I used to connect a Orange Micro Terror Head AmpOrange Amplifiers Micro Terror MT20 20W Hybrid Guitar Amp Head (Standard)to a cabinet PPC108Orange PPC108 1x8\" Speaker Cabinet overallrating 4   lineend
name chris review Bought several of these and they worked fine. I later moved on to Planet Waves for my custom pedal board because I could get the lengths perfect. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dan Edman review This cable is built to last. Overall it is a great quality cable and it came quickly. What more could you ask for overallrating 5   lineend
name Frederick Baptist review As it is with most things in life, you get what you pay for and while this Hosa effects-connecting cable isn't the best quality cable that is out there e.g. Zaolla, Evidence etc it certainly does the job it's supposed to at a reasonable price.  Too few guitarists, and I was one of them for many years until recently, pay enough attention to the quality of their cables and hence spend too much time on the amps, the pick ups, strings etc.  I discovered way too late how important investing in high quality cables is to your sound but I guess better late than never.  However, if you are on a budget and you are looking for effects-connecting cables that do a job for a good price then these Hosa ones will do a good enough job.  For me, after much experimentation I have foundZaolla ZGTR-110 Guitar Cableto be the best for my sound and while they are not cheap they are certainly quality and worth the money for the improved sound they provide.These Hosa however are still good value for money and hence come recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Guitar Operator review  Without going over the fiscal cliff these cables worked very well in my 7-pedal guitar effect lineup.No noticeable hiss, hum or buzzing. Clean & quiet.Good buy for the price. overallrating 4   lineend
name John review It's a cable.  It works great.  I don't see any reason to spend more money on a short cable like this. overallrating 5   lineend
name Landon Cunningham review These are great patch cables. They make a strong connection between pedals and don't sacrifice any sound quality. I've been using many of these, every day, for quite a while and they are still working great. overallrating 5   lineend
name linh review It's well make and cheap compare with other product on Amazon nowadays market. I.I do replace it for guitar cable, work fine, I'm happy with this unit. Recommend to someone need replace cable jct. overallrating 5   lineend
name Quique review I bought this cables to use it on my guitar pedals during practices and live gigs. I have no complains about it at this time. I own and use other hosa products and i think that they are making products with an excellent quality for a lower price.100% recomended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ryan C. Morris review i use this cable to patch my effects pedals together and it does what it needs to do.  the right angle ends make it easy to connect your pedals and keep them close together. overallrating 5   lineend
name almost I review I am normally a guitarist in my band, but I have found myself at times needing to play the keys also. Having two instruments to play, a pedalboard, and mic stand is a lot of real estate on the stage, so this adapter made things MUCH better for me when I find myself back in that position. Works great with my On Stage Keyboard Stand. If you play keys and are also a vocalist, this is a must! Worth every penny. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cefer review The vibrations produced at touching piano keys are transmitted to the microphone. It now rest at bottom of a box. overallrating 2   lineend
name Dad review Great idea for keeping the stage floor less cluttered. Fits a standard X-stand just fine and makes a very secure connection. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Eguia review  works with myOn Stage KS7191 Classic Double-X Keyboard Standi got it to attach my mic to it - using this stand by On Stage as wellOn Stage MSA7040TB Adjustable Microphone Boom, Blackworks as advertised.  You just twist the knob to apply pressure so it fits in the tube.also comes with the stopper so you can quickly remove this attachment bar and reattach it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  I have mine attached to one of the support arms on myOn Stage KS8291XX Pro Double X Keyboard Stand. While this attachment is designed for both square and round tube supports, I was unable to use it with anOn Stage 2 Tier Folding Z Keyboard Standeven with the top tier removed. The reasons for the problem with the latter stand is the friction fitting on the attachment bar was too small for the oblong support tube, and had it mated, the height of the attachment bar would not have cleared the top of the keyboard.When attached to theOn Stage KS8291XX Pro Double X Keyboard Standwith anOn Stage MSA7040TB Adjustable Microphone Boom, Blackattached to the top screw-in post that perfectly mates with the boom, this attachment bar/boom combination easily clears the height of either keyboard I use (aRoland RD-300NX Digital Stage Pianoor aRoland V-combo 76 Key Stage Keyboard).Bottom line, make sure your stand can accommodate this attachment bar (according to the manufacturer it will work with most X-style stands), and carefully measure the height of the top of your keyboard from the center of the support arm to which this attachment bar will be inserted. The total height of the attachment bar after insertion is approximately 7.5\".  If your keyboard is still too high for the attachment bar + boom or other mic holder to clear, you can gain an additional 3\" with aShure A26X 3\" Mic Mount Extension Tube. overallrating 5   lineend
name tekHedd review  This is working for me quite well and is part of my keyboard stage rig now.I'm mounting it to a heavy duty On Stage brand double X stand. The resulting arrangement is reasonably stable, although if you put a bit of pressure on the mic stand you can rotate the Attachment Bar. I could tighten the handle further to prevent this, but am worried that this will begin to deform the X stand, and it is not a problem on stage. I am not worried that it would damage the Attachment Bar, as it is quite heavy duty.In general, it's strong enough to hold a typical stage mic on a small boom arm. overallrating 5   lineend
name Texman review This is unique piece that slips into just about any tube on a Mixer Rack or Piano scissor stand. The square nut design is very tight when tightening in the tube as if there are a rough cut on the threading. The MIC end of the mount works pretty good. Overall the only problems I found is that the Up tube could be 1' to 1 1/2' taller and the threads could be buffed out at the manufacturer. overallrating 3   lineend
name A. perez review  I am running 4 big speakers it is working fine not sure it it is 1400 watts but runs a pair of 750 peak super pro 15 inch speakers and a pair of 12 road gear subs so far I get a big punch aout of it . I tough I had to buy two of this but one works fine. I am running a dj karaoke system. I also got a pyle pro 4 channel mixer and they work fine get cables it only comes with power cable. item received looks diferent I say better. overallrating 5   lineend
name BatmanDSM review Our second week and all is WELL! Nice and quiet. Using Speakon Cables (Mono) to each Speaker to Speaker for easy mixing. XLR to XLR from Mackie Mixer to PylePRO 1400 Watt amp. Great value for the Garage Band and recording to the computer for publishing on Web or using as a small GIG amp. Think I will get another one for the Stage Monitors. Might as well go ALL-IN! overallrating 5   lineend
name D. WALTER review As I've heard with the Pyle Pro amps, I received mine today, and it was defective. Only one channel worked, and it definitely looked like it took a beating before it arrived at my doorstep. The packaging was very good though, so I'm  thinking this looks like a refurb/used, and they listed it as new. Already printed the return shipping label, and it will head back to the Amazon warehouse on Monday... overallrating 1   lineend
name Lee review This amp did a good job for its rating. It was my backup amp for a QSC GX5. I sold it after using it for about a year or so. overallrating 3   lineend
name pruittjr1 review Nice amp for the money but couldn't push a single Peavey SP218 Sub, so I moved this amp to push a pair of dual 15's, still had trouble getting the range that I needed, so I have this amp now as a back up and will probally use it for powering a single EV18 sub rated at 500 watts, it should handle it nicely bridged, I will keep you posted. overallrating 3   lineend
name GunHawk review It's rubber and you can slip it under the strings and into the sound hole...with a little effort. It might even be over &#34;engineered&#34;, it fits so well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Handsome Johnny review This product did not fit my Takamine G, as the hole is 3/4 size.  I had to buy from Lute Hole, who then customized a part for me.  Beware, because you'd figure this item would fit inside any guitar out there, given the advertising.  Even the guy at Guitar Center, when I called to find out what was going on, told me to go with Lute Hole.  I never had a use for such an item before very recently, but, upon necessity, I found out that this item is bound to damage your guitar, even if it does fit.  Be very, very careful.  In fact, be very, very wary, as I briefly heard a light \"cracking\" noise when I tried to fit it in the guitar for the very first time.  I stopped, thereafter, after doing research online and finding out about the G's specs.  I've read, elsewhere, that it kills your tone, but I had been willing to try to utilize it in tandem with my actual coloring rig.  Ultimately, I spent nearly $100 more than I wanted to, just for this kind of item.  What is it they say in this era - caveat emptor? overallrating 3   lineend
name Jarrett Venturini review I am finally feedback free!  I use this on my 310 Taylor with a K&K; Pure pickup system.I play mostly in a church worship team, and am usually right in front of a monitor.This blocks the tones entering my guitar via the soundhole.I don't get a huge loss of tone, but a little bit.I will take that over having to worry about moving around and getting feedback like crazy!Highly recommend. overallrating 5   lineend
name kgbak review Lifesaver.  I bought this and a Planet Wave's O-Port (which advertises that it can help reduce feedback as well) I use this at every show where I have to plug-in.  This is a must for anyone who plugs in and doesn't want to worry about feedback. overallrating 5   lineend
name kodiakcowboy review This cover does not fit a full size acoustic/electric Hohner guitar.  I measured the whole at 3 7/8&#34;, but this cover does not even come close to fitting!  It measures 4 1/6&#34; in diameter, so check your guitar closely! overallrating 1   lineend
name Lets.Be.Reasonable. review Works as advertised. Eliminates feedback as far as my experience is concerned. A little tight. It needs some force to put it into place. Not sure if there's no standard among guitar makers on the size of the sound hole and Planet Waves just did their best guess on a universal fit product. But on my Washburn it needs a little bit of convincing to get there. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mary V review It works well, I use it for my Oscar Schmidt. I don't use it for feedback, I use it to protect it from the dust. It fits tight but it's fine! overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael review it barely did anything but i guess thats because im the one playing the guitar, if you were in another room im am sure that it would make a difference overallrating 3   lineend
name Micheal D. Prater review  Works as advertised. Great at eliminating feedback in a live setting. Also great for just muffling the sound for playing around the house quietly. overallrating 5   lineend
name Quique review I am impressed how well this works. I was always fighting against feedback during practices and live gigs. This has solved it!It's important to you to know the diameter of your guitar's soundhole. I've tried this with 2 different acoustic electric guitars (Fender CD-60 and Fender Kingman), both of them with 10cm/4in diameter and fits perfectly.I had read all reviews before deciding purchase, and i found people complaining that this is not a good unplugged sound filtering. I should tell you that they are right since this was not made for that. Even when this should affect your guitar lowering you normal sound (unplugged), I would not consider this as a solution for it.If you are having feedback issues due your acoustic electric guitar, without hesitation this one is for you. overallrating 5   lineend
name RTX review It's good. Was having a lot of feedback and got tired of taping a make shift sound hole cover. Recommended. overallrating 4   lineend
name Samuel Paul review It is good, only thing I did not get was that it has the wire attaching it to the cardboard going through the feedback buster thing. so there are two minuscule holes on there not enough you can see but still bother me a little. Gets the job done. overallrating 4   lineend
name Sphinx90 review Fits great and helps to eliminate feedback. I could see some having problems with the size of their sound holes and it can be a tight fit but it definitely works. overallrating 5   lineend
name Steve review Doesn't reduce sound worth a darn.  I thought plugging the sound hole would muffle things.  Muddies it up a bit maybe, but not really a reduction in dB. overallrating 1   lineend
name Tabasco24 review  This soundhole cover is one of those products that belongs on the list of essentials for an acoustic guitar player, right up there with a tuner, string winder/cutter, cleaning cloth, pack of extra picks, and capo. It's designed to eliminate feedback when plugged into a sound system, which it does nicely. It's also great for sealing up the body of your guitar if you want to dry it out or dampen it quickly (as in 2 nights like that in a case). overallrating 5   lineend
name Techie review  This is a good product which I've seen many people use... however, it's not for all acoustic guitars.  That little bit of info was missing from the info, although I should have known.  In my case, my guitar's sound hole is too small for this unit to be installed, even though it's supposedly &#34;tapered&#34; to fit a lot of different sound hole dimensions.  Didn't look tapered to me, and I can't use it.  But then again, it was pretty cheap, and I may have a use for it some day.  Check your guitar's sound hole diameter before ordering. overallrating 3   lineend
name Texas Buyer review Fits perfectly in sound hole.No more feedback or waking up the next room.No plastic smell either.Play an Ibanez acoustic electric. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wendell Burnett review Works well, easy to install and take out.  Helps greatly to control acoustic feedback. I've looked at these for a while, glad I purchased it overallrating 5   lineend
name Yeemeister review gets the job done. I would say it muffles too much though.  my arm feels like it went to the gym after a jam session overallrating 4   lineend
name D. Gray review  It does the job though. I wasn't impressed by the lack of range, but then again I've never found a use for the more extreme settings on a phaser anyways. It seems that this unit keeps the effect within a safe and comfortable range and that's okay with me. overallrating 4   lineend
name Eric review I'm very happy with this pedal.  It seems to be a knock off of the MXR phase pedal, being that it provides a nice classic, subtle phase effect.  You can flip the switch to \"swirl\" for a more pronounced effect, but I love just keeping it mild.The metal switch/button to engage the pedal doesn't have the \"click\" that many pedals do.  I actually prefer this.  The \"click\" effects wear out sooner.  Some of my high end pedals also use this smooth, click-less way of engaging a pedal.  You'll know it's on by the tone change and the bright led light.  IMHO, you don't need a click switch.The sounds are clean and smooth, clear and bright, and all the other adjectives you could use to describe a great phase effect.Quality and Value, all the way. overallrating 5   lineend
name Marc LaBelle review  It sounds like it's Behringer.  Very fake, cheap sounding phaser, but it's all I need.  I got it mostly for that big airplane woosh, and running it in the loop, it does that fine.  The highs are kind of harsh, but if it is in front of the amp it can sound a little tame. overallrating 3   lineend
name Peter A. Andolfi review  Germany Company, manufacturing is in China... I have always found this to make the product hit or miss but the last two Behringer products that are in my hands are very good. overallrating 5   lineend
name Steinbeckian review I really dislike the switch on this thing.  It does not click.  That may not sound like much, but I tend to rest my foot on a pedal when I turn it off.  This does not turn off when I do that.  This is unlike any pedal I have played.  I realize Behringer is trying to copy the MXR, but the switch substitution makes me wish I picked up a used MXR.  Anyway the pedal sound fine, just know the switch may drive you insane.  I really like the other Behringer Boss type pedals though as the switch is what I like.  Wish the phase came in a different case. overallrating 3   lineend
name wally jones review I borrowed a friends MXR to try and liked the added sounds it gave me. It filled a hole that was missing . since 80% of my board is Behringer pedals I looked at Behringer first and was delighted when I found the PH9 Classic 90 . Side by side with the MXR , there wasn't a hole lot of difference and with the Behringer's added swirl switch , gives you a few more options. It also is made of metal for all of you that constantly criticize Behringer for their use of plastic in there other pedals. ( I've read a ton of reviews and still haven't heard of one breaking because of the plastic ) As far as value to money spent , This pedal is again at the top of the list. Oh! It also sounds great!!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Handsome Johnny review I give them an excellent rating.  They do last a long time, and they do not seem to alter in tone and get that \"muddy\" sound when they're aging.  In fact, I'd say they actually do manage to approach David Gilmour's tone at times!  I could barely believe that, of course, but after playing hard for a few hours, I actually said to myself the phrase: \"Wow, that sounded like David Gilmour somewhat.\"  So, the fact that that occurred without me actually thinking about Pink Floyd or Gilmour and just being lost in the playing says a lot, because I then realized I had strung up the guitar with the strings that day.  Get them if you like Gilmour.  I'm hard on pricing, usually, but I say these are priced decently for their effectiveness. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jon review As a huge Gilmour fan, it was a no brainer to pick these strings up.  Had been playing DR and Elixer for the past couple of years and  to my recollection,  have never tried ghs.  This custom gauge set plays great.  They tuned right up with very little stretching.  I will buy these again!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name MAURICIO S TAVARES review The strings gauge is the best thing on this strings set. 0.1, 0.12, 0.16, 0.28, 0.38, 0.48 are the perfect balance between weight  and confort. It fits very well on my guitars: 1) Fender EVH Wolfgang, 2) IBanez S470. The cons is that these do not come with VCI, so expect some flakes when you open the pack. overallrating 4   lineend
name Pepper review I'm a very big fan of David Gilmour but never was a fan of GHS's. So I thought I'm wanting to step up one gauge to 10's so why not try these. It took a little longer for them to get stable but My Strat and My Les Paul sound and feel Great. Now , ( and I didn't see this at first ) on David's Les Paul , He use's 10.5's and I have a Bigsby on Mine like His. I may try those next time on My Les Paul. I'm not sure how they will work on a Epiphone Les Paul 'cause I have a Gibson and there is a BIG diference. And on the MIM's Fender's either cause both of mine are American Standards. All in all I'm very pleased with the DG GHS's.... overallrating 5   lineend
name Ron1414 review I use these on my Fender Strat, and they sound great. If you appreciate the talent of David Gilmour, and respect his taste and choices in music, than I would recommend these strings. I used to use Elixir strings, and as great as Elixir sound, they do not last long. These do. I have played guitar for over 30 years, and I am very happy with these strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name GamerBoy review These have it all. Sound great, play great, feel great, tune great. I am now dedicated to these strings. It takes about 4 or 5 days before the strings are fully stretched and holding onto its tuning. Once it does, it's beautiful music after that. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gridley review I play a Cordoba Classical, and these strings are the best I've found for it. The bass strings really resound, all strings stretch and hold within three days, and they last longer than I've expected for classical strings. I've not yet had a broken string with them. overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review   here...Good Strings help create Good Sound!!!These are nice strings and on a quality instrument stay in tune well. They are not overly bright nor dark but rather have a nice \"round\" sound to them. Highly recommend. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Vazquez review I've bought these D'Addario strings a few times because they are a great deal. They sound nice and bright, and they last a good while. They are easy on the fingers. The best part is that you save money by buying them in a 3-pack. overallrating 5   lineend
name rusty springer review Put these on my new La Patrie Motif and could not be happier.The tension is just right for soft finger style &#34;manouche jazz&#34;Sleepy D'jango overallrating 5   lineend
name Ryszard Sytnik review I did purchase this strings because of review of other folks who have more expiriance in that area. And look like I make very good choice. overallrating 5   lineend
name Seph review These strings aren't anything fancy, but they sound great. A good old standard that I've used since I was a kid. And this is the best price I've found. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wyoming Eagle review These strings are as advertised.  Nice tone and good quality.  Can't remember the last time I've found a bad string from a set of these.  Actually prefer the medium tension for a 650mm scale guitar.  Got the high tension ones for a shorter scale instrument so they wouldn't be too sloppy at concert pitch. overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam Mohr review Solidly built works just as a mic stand should..couldnt be happier..As long as I take care of this Ill never need to buy a new one again. overallrating 5   lineend
name CLS review Works well for my needs. It adjusts and holds whatever microphone I use in position very well. A good buy. I would recommend it for light to moderate use. overallrating 5   lineend
name ETD review I just used this for a gig on Monday ... it's solid, well built, nothing loose or floppy, it stands up straight (extending to almost 7 feet tall), it folds up easily, and is nice and compact when folded ... good enough for me.One further note, when I ordered this, I was thinking that I would be able to just unscrew the vertical section from my round heavy base (which is also an \"On Stage\") and screw it into this tripod ... that's not the case, as the vertical piece here is integral to the tripod base.  I'm not unhappy though, this stand works quite well. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jazzgryl52 review absolutely no problems well built very steady and easy to carry with you. I will get another for my monitor. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tony review I bought this with my mbrace ,and it seems to be pretty sturdy. I would think it would work even better with a mic. overallrating 4   lineend
name T T Smirniotopoulos review I use this to mount my Stagg Small Musical Stand to hold a small format mixer for gigs. It's light weight and sturdy. overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review I have both the Fostex PM0.5 MKII and the BX5a Deluxe for a while now.  While the BX5a tends to get higher review rating and is more popular, I personally prefer the PM0.5 due to its having more bass & volume.  Both models cost about the same, with the PM0.5 roughly $20 cheaper.The PM0.5 is bigger, heavier, has a heat sink in the back, with a combo XLR/TRS jack.  While the BX5a has a bigger tweeter, separate XLR & TRS jacks.  Construction-wise, both are well-made.  If you plan to share the same monitor between 2 difference sources, then the separate input of the BX5a is more convenient (you can always get a Y-adapter to support 2 inputs on the PM0.5).The BX5a has more clarity & boosted details, but is more on a tinny side.  The PM0.5 has more boom but less treble.  I guess the difference is due to the size of the tweeter and the length of the bass port (the BX5a has larger tweeter & 1 rear bass port, while the PM0.5 has 2 front bass ports).  Sounds coming out of the PM0.5 resemble more of the ambience of my car & home stereo than the BX5a.For my home-studio purpose, I like the warmer sound of the PM0.5 more.  I do use them to watch movie once in a while, and the PM0.5 is more suitable as the main speakers, while the BX5a is better placed for surround speakers.For further references, I have placed audio samples of a song I wrote & arranged (so there won't be any copyright violation issue), re-recorded with an AKG C414B condenser mic, placed at same height as the tweeter, normalized to -15dB.  Hope they'll help making your choice easier (instead of having to buy both like I did :)[...] overallrating 4   lineend
name ANorton review These speakers worked great for 14 months. Last week (4/8/13), one of them wouldn't power up all the way. The problem is getting worse every time I try to use them, and it's just a matter of time before it stops working.  It seems there is a problem with the capacitors that I did read about in a few reviews. I took a chance on the monitors anyway, and it was a huge mistake. I only use them between 2 and 4 hours per week. I contacted M-Audio's online support system and was given addresses to two electronics repair shops. One on the East coast and one on be west coast. I've since found many complaints about this same issue all over the Internet and on the M-Audio support site. M-Audio doesn't stand behind their products, and I'll never purchase anything from them again. overallrating 1   lineend
name Chris review I've used these on the reg for a year.  Obviously there are better sounding monitors out there, but these are really great for what you pay for IMO.I'd recommend these to someone trying to save some money.UPDATEtwo years in with continued regular use.  they sound just as good as they did a year ago. overallrating 4   lineend
name David G. Beneke review My old pair of JBL Studio Pro computer monitors finally gave up the ghost. At the time, mid 1990's, these were the best you could expect for computer monitors. I do mixing and voice overs, so I needed the real deal. After extensive research and listening, I decided on the M-Audio BX5a deluxe. For the price they can not be beat! Punchy crisp bass, smooth highs and great mid range. They are also very accurate, I hear things just the way they are recorded. They also bring to light subtleties in old CD's that I have never heard before! Also the wood construction, gives these speakers a warmer resonance than others made out of plastic or metal. If you have a studio on a budget, and need the best speakers for under $500 0, buy these. Remember, they are studio monitors, so the audio is going to be very directional, so use them for monitors. Great speakers for portables, like an Ipod. One note, you need a really good sound card to get the most from these babies! overallrating 5   lineend
name Evan Anderson review I bought these as a solution to obtain feedback while recording my guitar through my computer. That solution was successful. These speakers put out enough power that I can maintain the clarity of my guitar tone fairly well and achieve feedback almost as easily as i do with my amp. I have a 75Watt amp that powers a 12\" celestion speaker. These monitors have 70Watts powering a 5\" Woofer and a 1\" Tweeter, 40W/30W respectively. Slight drop in the power output, but they are beefy enough that I don't really notice.The isolation pads they come with are paper thin, almost pointless. If you really need some, get some more substantial pads. The back panels do get kind of hot after a few hours... not really concerned about that, but it's worth mentioning.They have great sound, excellent low end, lots of clarity throughout. They are pricey, but if you are priced pretty reasonably here on amazon. I would really recommend not going to a retailer... even when they are on sale they are more expensive in store than online. Only go to a store just to hear them and compare them with other monitors. overallrating 4   lineend
name G. Farnsworth review On the plus side, these monitors look and feel amazing.  They are coated in some kind of silky rubberized stuff and they are heavy and look neat.They don't sound horrible.  I mean, they are not computer speakers or anything.  The sound is very forward, I would say harsh.  That's not uncommon among studio monitors.  There is definitely a lot of clarity here.  Not a ton of bass, but that's pretty much understood from monitors with woofers of this size.  There's a few schools of thought on studio monitors.  Some people think they are basically for bringing out the warts in your music, others think they should sound more like a normal speaker.  These will be more pleasing to people interested in the first.  I definitely sounds like the music is right in your face when you are listening to this.  Any flaws would be quite noticeable.I previously used KRK RP8's so I can compare these to them.  Granted, they are larger and more expensive, although they are also budget monitors.  I liked them better than these.  They were clear but also sounded nicer and, of course, had much more bass.I was going to put a woofer on these and burn them in...see if I could improve the situation...BUT one of the speakers starts to buzz about 5 minutes after it's turned on.  The buzz increases in volume over time.  I tried moving them to a different location, turning the volume down, even disconnecting the audio feed (so they were only plugged into the power).  Nothing stopped the buzz.  If they are warmed up and you turn them off and then on again, the buzz starts up in more like 10 or 20 seconds.  So I sent them back.  I wasn't really impressed with the sound and I'm definitely not satisfied with the quality control, so I'm going to try some larger and more expensive monitors instead.  Maybe Behringer 3031a's or something.  I think it's worth an extra 200 dollars or so to get a full-sized monitor. overallrating 2   lineend
name R. READ review  Sound nice, but very unreliable BX5a Deluxe.I own a pair of YAMAHA NS 10s and EVENT 20-20s, and they are all currently working without problems with over 10 years use.2 years ago I purchased a set of regular BX5a's, and they lasted about 1 1/2 years, and then the faulty capacitors leaked.I just replaced them with the BX5a Deluxe model, and after only one week. one of the Internal amps will no longer power up.I need a pair of affordable AV shielded monitors that I can depend on, and these Cheap M-Audio Monitors are not it.I am back to using my 20-20's with slight AV noise until I find a decent AV shielded monitor.M-Audio was a much better company before Avid took them over! overallrating 1   lineend
name ac0214 review Definitely provided extra gripping surface.  The pick extends out from the rubber 'shell'.  Obviously the thin pics were thin and the thick ones were a lot stiffer.  Since you have the shell they are a bit thicker than a normal pick which may have to be gotten used to.  I know for me I prefer to grip the pick really close to the tips for harmonics and on these your fingers definitely don't slip but it's a bit more pic than I want.  So I do carry and use these occasionally but they aren't my everyday pick. overallrating 4   lineend
name Alexandra Spark review  . And so far I haven't lost any, yay! overallrating 5   lineend
name al review wish i discovered these years ago.  comfortable and the grip works wonders.  nice clear tones with this pick tips.  thanks overallrating 5   lineend
name Cheri review My son says these picks are great to use because of the rubber grippers that make it easier to hold...especially when playing the guitar for an extended period of time. Highly recommend! overallrating 5   lineend
name Christian Matthew review This pick is def not one I'd use to solo with, but its def a good pick for slower, more acoustic oriented guitar-work. Whenever I play a song consisting solely of chords, i break this guy out. overallrating 5   lineend
name Clifford Haggerty review Picks with no texture or friction enhancement are old technology.  These pick are cutting edge.  None better.  Possibility created by the multi-flex feature and the grip.  Awesome.  These make me a better player.  I used to have trouble holding on to picks.  Problem solved.  Stress gone. overallrating 5   lineend
name Daniel G. Lebryk review These Dava picks are very nice. They are about the equivalent of a medium weight pick.The rubber grip area is great. The feel is soft, just perfect for holding a long time. The Dunlop picks with the bumps are nice, but this just feels a lot better between my fingers.There are three little lines at the center of the pick, the bottom line is supposed to be less flex and the top line is supposed to have more flex. This is really hard to position my fingers on exactly the spots and there isn't much of an effect no matter where I place my fingers. The effect is subtle at best.The only criticism is the tip is a little bit too short; the rubber can end up striking the string.Overall, I like these picks a lot. The colors are cool and the rubber feels really good in my hand. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Dreifus review For about 30 yrs. have been playing finger style only - usually with alternating bass, and never really used a pick so this seemed like a good first choice.For the song I was performing, chords were Bm, E, F#m, and G (1st & 3rd position) and I needed to back up the singer so it was really just strumming with a tiny bit of playing just the first two strings as an intro.I found a very old and very thin Peavey pick unintentionally picking up what looked like the blue Dava in the bottom of my guitar case and it worked perfectly so I then ordered the Fender Abalone Thin picks and find they make playing chords quite easy.Fender 351 Premium Celluloid Guitar Picks, 12 Pack, Abalone, ThinMy ancient Peavey broke in half not long after, and I continued using the stub turned sideways while waiting for the new Fender picks to arrive because I liked the extra flex)Seems like more advanced players like at least a medium to better pick individual strings, but since I never liked using a pick at all, the Fender Thin works best for me and I'm enjoying learning to use it on songs like Eric Clapton's interpretation of Bessie Smith's \"Nobody Knows You...\"I'll try the Dava picks again later if I feel the need. I play Simon and Garfunkel's version of Scarborough Fair which is exclusively finger picking and George Harrison's \"Here Comes the Sun\" - where he uses a pick, but it is still easier for me to pick out the individual notes fingerstyle.This is all on an acoustic 6 string steel guitar, using D'Addario EJ16 Phosphor Bronze light strings.Bristol by Blueridge BD-16 Dreadnaught Acoustic Guitar (Natural)D'Addario EJ16 Phosphor Bronze Acoustic Guitar Strings, LightFor the rank beginner who has never picked up a pick before, the Fender thin makes it easier to strum because the pick flexes so it's not as essential to turn your wrist as much to get the pick to move smoothly over the strings.The grip is better on the Dava, but they aren't going to flex as much. Undoubtedly better for more accomplished players. Most advice I've seen says try 'em all and decide for yourself. I was just amazed and delighted how much easier the Fender thin made it for me to get started. overallrating 3   lineend
name D. Dulin review  I have tryed a number of pick's and the textured ones seem to work for me.  I have dexdarity problems, Regular pick's without grips come out of my hands cause I am unable to control them,  So I needed something with a little more weight to it  allthough my fingures want to move around a little bit  I love these picks  now I can move my thumb and index fingers back to the bottom of the pick,  and it feels comfortable,  I used to do that with other (non textured)  pick's, And I kept droping them.These pick's are a must have,  allso, sinse theire heavier then other pick's,  these and the Ice pick's really build up Your hand's And finger's.I love these  pick's,  Im  defintley getting some more. overallrating 5   lineend
name debi review These stay connected, but aren't so wide that they change the style of picking.  I like them, and so does my music teacher.  We try to stay stocked in these picks. overallrating 5   lineend
name DMANBASS review So far I really like these. The thickness is about right for me which is sort of a light/medium. The grip is exceptional and they look sort of cool. I got six of them and will probably get more when these wear out. I doubt I will lose them. overallrating 4   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  I take a medication that makes my hands shake; therefore, I have a difficult time with fine muscle movements. I switched from Dunlop Jazz III's, which I loved, to these puppies because they have a great feel to them and you don't have to worry about dropping them. They are also bigger than the Jazz III's, making it a bit easier to hold on to. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark R. Segal review  In an attempt to see what's new in the pick industry, I decided to dive in and give these a go.  They are way too flimsy if, like me, you use a heavier pick.  I have always used Dunlop Tortex greens and these Davas just can't compete.  Not only were they too flimsy, but when I played with any aggression (heavy rock-based material), the picks would fly out of my hands.  This was a huge disappointment. overallrating 1   lineend
name Mike review I love the concept and design of these picks save one flaw-the rubber gripping goes down too far on the pick.  I don't know any guitar players that have their thumb on the entire pick, and since it goes down so far it's hard to pick clean without hitting the rubber on the strings sometimes.  I do love how they bend in the middle and the grippy rubber but I think they should scale the rubberization back a little bit. overallrating 4   lineend
name Minh Pham review Good grip, but too flexible, and the description says nothing the thickness or the flexibility of these picks. Probably good for strumming, but not good for lead. overallrating 2   lineend
name Norm review I have always had trouble holding onto picks. My fingers just couldn't do it for extended play. Nothing worse than shaking your pick out of the body! LOL. I wish I would have thought of these. They were just what I needed. They work great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Peter Holub review I was still searching for a pick to replace the ones I left somewhere. I knew these were not the ones I sought, but they are great. They don't move around in my hand, I have yet to drop one, and for the first time I noticed that a pick can make a difference in the sound of a guitar. These sound great. I've found a new favorite pick. overallrating 5   lineend
name REM review I like the feel and the rubber on the pick helps to keep it from slipping in your hand while playing. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robin Lopate review I keep ordering more of these picks.  I love the rubber grip and the mediums are just the right thickness for me.  Great product! overallrating 5   lineend
name Rock Daisy review I really like using this pick with my acoustic nylon string guitar.  The rubber makes it easy to hold onto and I feel it obtains good sound on the guitar as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Perez review These picks are kind of thin, flexible, and have a good rubber grip.  They're as good for speed-picking as they are for strumming.  The only complaint I have is that they're too thin for me.  The pack brings 6 picks.  If you're looking for thin, flexible picks with a good grip, then these will do. overallrating 4   lineend
name Sakira Del Rosario review  The grip on these is pretty great, I haven't dropped them at all and I've been playing so much better. They give a nice crisp sound with my Elixir nanoweb strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name StudentBern review Dava 6024 Grip TipItem is as advertised.  This is my first attempt at playing the mandolin for which I selected this product.  They work just fine for a starter.  I may learn different as time goes along, assuming that you can teach an old dog new tricks as the saying goes. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tommy B review These are amazing. I'm an intermediate player. Have been for the last 30 years. I tend to have sweaty hands and loose grip. Every other pick I have used has turned in my fingers...loose grip, little sweat, slick finish. Ok now...thin? med? heavy? You can choose the stiffness just by where you hold the pick. Incredible how the stiffness will change depending on where you hold it. And I can even hold onto it. Very nice grip on these. I have to keep getting more cuz everytime I hand one to someone to try, it's the last time I see it. Just hit Add to cart. You won't be sorry overallrating 5   lineend
name ReplacerReviewer review  Picks are one of those items in which taste is 98% of what decides if it works for each or not. That being said I have to admit that these picks are very high quality. The design is really pragmatic and effective. I recently was introduced to these by a student of mine and I have to say for the first time in 15+ years I changed my picks.I used dunlop made with Lexan material and those I found to be perfect until these came along. Sometimes change is good! We just need to be open to it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  ..and that's a good thing. I wanted a tuner pedal that I could use under any lighting condition. My previous experience with Korg equipment made the Pitchblack a no-brainer.There's not much I can say that hasn't already been said except &#34;true bypass&#34; is nonsense. If your tone sucks when a device is not on then the problem is somewhere else, not in the effect. If you want to talk about unity gain, on the other hand, I'm all ears! overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrew M. Ward review  My experience with this little tuner has been perfect...It's extremely easy to see in a dark stage environment / it's dead quiet when activated / easy to understand when you are looking down at it while you're tuning / Takes up very little room on a pedal board / the cream on the coffee is that it's under a hundred bucks - that's crazy for the build quality - it's a little iron BRICKI highly recommend this little guy - Korg got it right on this one..!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name chris review This tuner works great. I put in a 9 volt battery a couple of months ago and it still is going strong. It will take a 9 volt output from my power supply and I can then piggyback to another pedal, which is great. It is very, very accurate and does not get confused under normal conditions. You do need to hit only one string at a time, however. Size is perfect for a pedalboard small but still quite readable. Price is very good. I had a Boss in the past but took it back because it just seemed so overpriced and too complicated. overallrating 5   lineend
name Claudia A. Portillo review this tuner is awesome and accurate, very noticeable and what else can i say, for the price, best deal ever. get it! ps i use it for my base though, satisfied. thanks Korg!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name David Spangler review  Excellent pedal tuner which is easy to read on light or dark stages and mutes the signal while tuning. Well-designed and rugged construction. I believe that it is a much better value than other major brands which cost at least 50% more. One-button operation makes it simple to operate. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ethan Paulson review The best tuner for your board in my opinion! Great display, easy to view/read, and a simple click on and off that isn't noisy. Since it is true bypass the pedal turns off when it is not engaged, which is a great feature since the battery will not drain while not in use even when things are plugged into it. Silent on/off, and I have two of them. Recommend this to anybody looking for a tuner for their rig. overallrating 5   lineend
name garmenteros review The main reason I bought this tuner and not similar offerings from boss or tc electronics, is because I had read prior to making the purchase that this is the most accurate at low tunings, and me being a bass player and sometimes playing drop A that is a must. I have to say that after owning it for a while I must agree. I've used other tuners when I happened to not bring this one along and  thats been my experience. Also its easy to read which note you're on when you're on a dimly lit stage. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gustavo Posada review I use to tune with an antique Korg... I saw these baby on the road with Maroon5's James... just make sure your guitar intonation is perfect. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ian M. Mcclintock review This is pretty much the ideal tuner, as far as I'm concerned.  It's true-bypass, brilliantly visible and easy to read on a dark stage, accurate, small footprint, durable, powers all your other pedals, and is under $100, especially if bought used...its virtues are many and varied.  If you've been using a cheap crappy tuner like I was, you'll notice the difference all the more.If you want a hyper-accurate tuner for some kind of technical work, the Pitchblack's tolerances might not be quite what you're looking for.  But as far as stage tuners go, it's got a tighter tolerance than the Boss stompbox.If you want a buffer in your chain, this pedal won't supply it, as it is true-bypass.If you want to hear your strings ringing out while you tune, this is not the pedal for you.  The output is muted while the tuner is engaged.  I prefer not to make my audience listen to me tune, so for me this is a non-issue.  Plus, I like being able to use the pedal as a killswitch.These are the only circumstances I can think of where there might be a valid reason not to buy a Pitchblack right this instant.EDIT: After some time with this pedal, I've noticed that when used to power other pedals, some of them don't like being daisy-chained from this pedal's power output, most notably tremolos.  But when the daisy-chain cable is connected straight to the power supply and the Pitchblack is powered like any other pedal, the problem vanishes.  Kind of strange, and I figured worth noting here, but I don't consider it enough of a problem to take any points off or recommend this box any less. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jim R. review  This is my third purchase of this tuner. All three work perfectly. Very easy to tune my basses. One is for my younger son who just started playing the bass. The other are for me (one as a backup).The reason why I gave this latest tuner only four stars is because one of the metal connectors that attaches to the 9v battery is too loose and barely hangs on to the battery post. I may have to tape it down to keep it in place. The other two tuners don't have this issue.Still, it's the best around. Buy it! overallrating 4   lineend
name JoseAlmanya review For me this is the best guitar tuner. It does the job correctly and doesnt go crazy when you're tunnin so, geat ;) overallrating 5   lineend
name Julio Caicedo review  Little to say about this incredible little stomp box: no color on your sound, build like a tank, large display perfect for those smelly and dark bars and joints where all musicians play and it has KORG brand printed...and for me thats enough to trust this great tunner.Cheers!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Kyle T. Locke review I bought this tuner over the TC Electronic poly tune and I am very happy with my purchase. Very simple to use, great visibility and it does not color the signal when not engaged. It also has the ability to daisy chain from it into other pedals but currently I have no such need. I highly recommend. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lloyd S. Richardson review There are some things in this life that you don't want to have to think about, and your tuner is one of them.  You have enough to think about on stage without worrying about your tuner.  It is fast, reliable and looks great on the pedal board.  It is true bypass and doesn't add a bit of noise nor suck any tone at all.  Your brand preference will guide your decision, but don't shy away from this well-made piece of equipment.  I would buy it again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael D Burwell review No other choice on the market IMHO.  This is the one to get.  I have two and would buy again if I needed another one. overallrating 5   lineend
name MildCritter review  This unit is the perfect solution for people whose amps do not have mute switches for tuning. It has an absolutely silent mode that mutes for tuning without clicks or pops when switched in, and its bypass (tuner off) mode is totally transparent to tone. Its 4 tuning modes make selecting one that works best for you extremely simple (I personally prefer full strobe). Its tuning is quick and accurate, and it doesn't hunt for pitches like some tuners will, especially with a 6-string bass. Its single 9-volt battery is only used when the mute/tuner mode is activated, so the battery should last a long, long time. The display is bright and clear. It's rugged, well thought out, solidly built, and simple.My only complaint is with the calibration mode: it's just a series of non-self-explanatory numbers that change when you hit the calibration button. Its explained in the manual, but could be clearer. I'd buy this again without hesitation, though. overallrating 5   lineend
name Raul Diaz Pea review This product is easy to use, without any noise at all. I truly recommend it as a tuner pedal. I'm happy with this product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ray Mond review It is simple, accurate, takes up very little room, and has several modes that are nicely backlight.  To top it all off, it's about half the price of any other pedal tuner.  Korg... king of the practical tuner world. overallrating 5   lineend
name Reno review Only had it a few days but is working great and I like that it is true bypass. Price was outstanding and the tuning is spot on. The default tuning display is perfect for me as I've not been real impressed with some of the other top tuners out there. IMO you can't go wrong with this tuner, very pleased. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert M. Koretsky review  As accurate and easy to use as the excellent Korg DT-10, I plugged in the battery, hooked up my guitar( which I had just tuned using a Korg DT-10 that I already own) and it came up in meter mode and verified exactly the tuning that the DT-10 gave me! I love it! Nice footprint, very easy to see the indicators in a bright room or on a darkened stage, one input 1/4&#34; jack on the right, one output 1/4&#34; jack on the left. Simple to use. I probably will never use the other three display modes, but it's nice tht they are there if I want to play with them. The perfect tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sam review I like how with this pedal, not only does it not have a heavy click when you press down, but if you are playing in a dark room the LED lights are nice and bright. True Bypass. I'm telling you, get it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Scott F. Lowry review I use this as the first pedal that my guitar cable touches as it goes into the pedal board. It's true bypass, which means that the sound is not affected when it's not in use. When you step on the button, the sound cuts out and you get the tuner. It works as advertised. My only complaint is that it could be smaller. There are other smaller true-bypass tuners out there if space is an issue on your board. I've posted a photo of this tuner on my board -Pedaltrain MINI With Soft Case. If you need a smaller tuner, I have buddies who use and like the polytune. overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review The Korg Pitchblack is probably, along with the BOSS TU-2/TU-3, considered one of the industry standards for compact pedal bypass tuners for use with guitar and bass.  Both the TU-2 and Pitchblack are excellent, and I don't really have an opinion yet as to which is better.  However, there are some strengths of the Korg Pitchblack that may lead you to prefer it over other tuners.  The primary draw here is the bright light-up display with wide color bars.  The tuner displays the note you are closest to, and the colors guide you to the perfect pitch, marked by the green light in the middle (almost like an airplane landing guide).  But not only do the lights indicate tone by turning on and off, they actually dim and transition into one another as you go across those semi-tones.  You could argue, therefore, that the visual guide is giving you a lot more precision than you would get from a simple on/off light.  The tuner works quickly and reliably.The build quality is outstanding, and it's true bypass.  When you step on the pedal, the tuner is on and the guitar signal is off.  The switch is also of the \"soft button\" variety, similar to what you find on some Vox pedals and many boutiques.  It has a nice feel to it, though it could be easier to bump if it's in a high traffic area.This is a great tuner at a reasonable price.  It really comes down to user preference, but I've heard many guitarists prefer this one because of its high accuracy and visibility. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tachyon review Awesome tuner, really fast and responsive. Best of all it is accurate, enough so that using this for setups has resulted in a much quicker easier process than I had anticipated. Nice and bright so I can clearly see it on stage in the dark. Occasionally I get a small pop when I engage it but not that frequently. This pedal feels good and sturdy too, I really cannot see anyone breaking it unless you feel the need to leap from the monitors on to the switch. Price is easy enough that if anything should happen to it, I would not think twice about picking another one up. overallrating 5   lineend
name thrashreno review Just picked up the Korg pitch-black from Guitar Center yesterday. I use a Snark most of the time but i needed something i can tune with during practice while everyone is playing and making noise. love the thing so far. its accurate, fast, fits nicely on my pedal board and its metal not plastic like most tuners for this price. i like the multiple display options and calibrations. Mute function is awesome and true bypass i believe. great buy, i am happy with it. i got it in red. overallrating 5   lineend
name TomVette review  Easy to use, very accurate and great visibility of tuning indicators. This tuner did just fine with the low B on a 5 string bass. Some tuners to not work well with this low of a frequency. overallrating 5   lineend
name Victor Hugo review Very good tunner, with bypass switch. I think it's a good choise for any pedalboards. I changed this for a TC Electronic Polytune. overallrating 5   lineend
name charles review  good pedalthese pedals are perfectunder price excellent qualityI like the sound it is very goodI have 3 pedals and the pedalboard  behringer       thank you for this product overallrating 5   lineend
name Claudia A. Portillo review wow for the price u can not beat this pedal, i got this pedal to add a second guitar harmony to some of my songs wow it sounds awesome, probably the only note here is that when activate it i noticed that kinda lower the volume a little bit, i do not mind though and still give it 5 stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dave review It can be an octave divider (up to two up or down)It can do parallel intervals (a la Trevor Rabin on Owner Of A Lonely Heart)It can do intelligent harmonies (just make sure your guitar is IN TUNE so it can track your playing!)It can do Digitech Whammy-esque divebombs (up or down)It can do chorus-like detuningIt can do whammy bar flutter-copiesIt's a BARGAINIt's very welcome on my pedalboardIf it's what you're looking for (it's not Lexicon, it's not TC, nor does it profess to be) and you know how to use it you really can't go wrong.Get one and have fun! Because it's not programmable I'm getting another. overallrating 5   lineend
name Eric review I'm on my second US600 pedal, after the first one broke.  I plugged in a cheap cord into the input, and when I went to pull it out, it was stuck.  So...I applied a lot of force to pull the cord out.  When I did that, I heard something break inside the pedal, and when I went to use it again, it didn't work.I pulled the pedal apart and inspected it to see about repairs, but ended up opting to buy a new one instead.  Even though the pedal has cheap housing (which worries me a little bit), the Boss equivalent of this pedal is 3 times as much.  So since this isn't a \"staple\" effect in my pedal board, I'm happy to go with something cheaper for now.Pros:Cheap price- sounds greatCons:Cheap housing - may break if used a lot overallrating 4   lineend
name GunHawk review I'd rather use a solo-combo pedal to save space, but I find myself shopping separate pedals to satisfy my taste! overallrating 5   lineend
name Igor B. review Behringer US600 Ultra Harmonist/Shifter Pedal is pretty good.You need a little time to learn, then it will rock you.Just try it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jerry review They said you could hook up a volume pedal to raise and lower the note you're playing up to three octaves, but I could never get that feature to work properly.From video reviews I've heard on YouTube, this Harmonizer does not even come close to the Boss version, but it costs about $100 less.  Since I am not a professional musician and I am just playing around with it, it works just fine.  And ... you get what you pay for.Addendum:  I've now owned this for a while, and discovered that it can turn my six-string Strat into a bass, by turning the balance knob all the way to the right, and my pitch on the second from bottom position.  In fact, when I record my Dean Edge bass onto the Boss Loop Station and then record my Strat on top of it using the Behringer  Ultra Shifter/Harmonist, I cannot tell any difference in tonality.I am thinking of selling my bass.  It has just become a needless expense.  Needs the neck adjusted twice a year, the strings are expensive, and it is harder to play then my Strat. overallrating 4   lineend
name kbgulfcoast review Haven't got to far into this thing yet but I do like it.  Same classic behringer plastic housing that I personally never had problems with. Definitely get some odd tone change to work with here, I'd say check your YouTube channel to hear for yourself, if not familiar with the tones. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael review  It is the dual tone shifter I was looking for.  Variable key capability. I haven't seen much more expensive ones with these features.  A Great buy for the money. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Black review The Behringer US600 is well-made. The high impact plastic housing should hold up well as long as it is not abused. It is sufficiently quiet in all modes and it does not seem to color the sound in the bypass mode.I purchased the US600 specifically for the &#34;Detune&#34; effect. This effect works quite well with single coil pickups going through tube amps. The effect is particularly dramatic when Outputs A & B are fed into two different amps, giving a nice room-filling stereo effect.I was pleasantly surprised by some of the other effects. The Pitch Shifter produces a very nice lower octave effect, about as good as I have heard anywhere. When using both outputs, it is possible to feed the original signal into a guitar amp and the lower octave signal into a bass amp. This makes the guitar sound HUGE!The Harmonist effect is amusing, but it has limited uses. It won't make you sound like Duane Allman and Dickey Betts playing in harmony. However, it is handy for short solos. I tried it in the key of G and got useful results.The Trem Bar would work well in loud uses like metal. The Flutter effect gives a nice Leslie effect sound.Overall I think this device offers more value than many more expensive pedals. I have seen several speak ill of it, but I'm not sure they took sufficient time to learn how to use the pedal. There is quite a learning curve on this gadget, but fulling results are obtainable if one takes time to master the device.One other observation: This is more of a studio effect than a road effect. There are many individual adjustments that need to be made in order to calibrate each effect. It would be difficult to do this with the box on the floor. I had to place it on top of my rig in order to access the control knobs and make adjustments. The only way it would work well as a floor pedal would be it the device were dedicated to only one effect (Detune, for example) while gigging.In conclusion, I debated for months whether or not to purchase this effect. I'm glad I finally decided to get it. The great sounding Detune effect alone makes it worth the price. The Octave effect from the Pitch Shifter is a nice bonus. The other effects are icing on the cake. Kudos to Behringer for building another reasonably priced effect for the home studio enthusiast and the weekend warrior! overallrating 4   lineend
name Rock Morton review This is an affordable copy of the Boss Harmonist pedal. I bought this mainly for the harmonist and polyphonic pitch shift feature. But was surprised by how much fun the trem bar and flutter mode was to play with.Anyway on the third day the tracking on the pedal suddenly started to have about a one second delay. And on fourth day in addition to the tracking problem, hitting certain notes caused a low pitch fluttering noise. Also the pedal just started oscillating a few times. I would have given the Behringer us600 five stars if it kept working, it tracked nice and didn't tone suck too bad. overallrating 2   lineend
name Texas Buyer review The Seller shipped very fast and I give them 5 plus stars; this review is regarding the actual product.The Behring US600 is a basic pitch shifter, don't expect elaborate effects.Made of plastic; not as sturdy as a BOSS pedal.Goes through 9V batteries quickly, so stock up.If you use an A/C adapter, get a hum eliminator.(Curse you 60 cycle!)Also run the US600 AFTER the distortion for optimum performance.Other wise you are shifting the clean signal.Distortion, pitch shifter, chorus, then out.This pedal gives you a sweet 12-string chorus sound and that alone is worth the 45 bones. The dive bombs, reverse dive bombs, and flutter are there. Don't expect a 2 octave bottom, because it doesn't do that.You will not sound like a Thin Lizzy dual guitar lead, but you can get that Bryan May, Queensryche meets the Allman Brothers harmonies in 3rds.For those on a budget, this pedal does what it doesn't advertise.Lacks true instructions, so go to YouTube and watch demos. overallrating 3   lineend
name thrashreno review Super cool pedal with tons of applications. it sounds great for recording. i wouldn't take it on a tour or anything, it is plastic. the harmonizing function can be buggy at times. the trem function works great. it has a input for an expression pedal and i would recommend using one to save your pedal the wear......it is plastic. I love Behringer pedals, for the price you can get a ton of great sounding and functioning pedals at more than half the price of the Boss counterparts. one of my favorite pedals of all time. overallrating 4   lineend
name timhief review I use the US600 for short lead riffs, it works great in a sweetening role. It is easy to change the key manually, in point of fact, much easier than I originally thought.  It's a main-stay on my pedal board now. overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review Well like everyone knows this is the copy of the Boss but a lot cheaper than that. It works just fine and i'm happy with it. Anyway if you mean to play at home or in a garage or if you have a band to perform this is a good pedal. If you want more from a pedal the Boss is the one you are going to pick, but overall you should give this a chance. overallrating 4   lineend
name andrepilla review Well, just got one of this and been messin with it for a couple of hours...It's exactly what you would expect from Behringer, it works...it's not great but it get's the job done, i feel it takes quite a bit of brightness and definition but it's still pretty useful for less than $25I don't regret geting this because delays are so much fun but i wonder if i should have gone withDanelectro D-8 Fab 600Ms Delaywell, maybe next time...I give it a 3 out of 5, it wasn't this time Behringer surprised me. overallrating 3   lineend
name Bill Lewey review  This delay pedal was so cheap that I could not pass it up.  and let me tell you, it is easy and fun to use!  I stopped messign with the reverb in my amp and now only use this for a much nice sounds from my guitar.  I actually bought it to try some experiments with my harmonica, but those were dismal failures.  Big win for the guitar though! overallrating 5   lineend
name David G review But is no match for someone who wants to use it to record with.  Use a plugin instead.  I like some of Behringer products even though they are snobbed.  This particular unit is not one of their finest products but I give them credit for the price point and effort.  Someone will appreciate it but not me.  It sits in my drawer and will end up being sold online as it's not defective but just not up to what I want.  Cheap, so no big loss. overallrating 3   lineend
name dgray5150 review If you want to have an interesting echo and repeat, this is worth the minimal investment.  I recommend buying the multi-plug power supply as it goes through batteries fairly quickly and you will likely be buying other pedals to compliment this one. overallrating 3   lineend
name grandpa review  An old school delay that works very well. Simple to use. Adjustments for intensity and length. Uses 9V batt or power adaptor. Reasonably priced. overallrating 5   lineend
name Huevos Rancheros review  great little pedal. Has a nice set of adjustments to give a wide range of delays and echo to your sound. Easy to use, very low price, classic sounds. I wish I had 4 ears so I could buy another one. Strictly home studio use, haven't tried gigging with it, though it seems pretty sturdy, it is plastic, but pretty solid plastic. I also have a Danelectro  Fab Echo and this just blows it away. The Danelectro is okay, but it just doesn't have the depth or adjustment that the Berhinger pedal has. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jing Garcia review  behringer products are cheap. some of them have good quality both in make and sound. hopefully, behringer will make it even better next time without compromising the price. overallrating 3   lineend
name John M review Some have complained that it's construction is not the best. I actually had to send the first one back because it did not work. But a new one came the day after I lodged a request for a replacement.It's a very simple echo device, I use just to give my guitar a little bounce. I prefer to play 'dry' most of the time so as to define better what I'm doing. But some solos need a little filling, and this keeps it subtle. It can do a lot more, but it's what I wanted.Sturdy enough, well priced, and simple to use. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mallory review Perfect pedal it sounds great no matter what your levels are. Not noisy at all so fits in with other pedals on your board great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael review  This does some fairly cool things to the sound, but there is a lot more out there.  This would be great for a new person experimenting with effects overallrating 3   lineend
name Steinbeckian review For the price of these I am very happy with the purchase.  I feel it sounds really good and has many settings.  I think the build on these are fine for daily use.  Don't expect it to break anytime soon anyway. overallrating 5   lineend
name wally jones review I replaced my delay foot pedal with the Behringer VD400 Analog Delay. For the money it is a more than a competent addition to my pedal board . It is doing exactly what I expected and much more. The big name delay I replaced , in all honesty , wasn't as good. I have more room and control with this pedal. Also I can buy six of these pedals for what I paid for the last one ... You do the math!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name aceofbase review This thing is simple to set up and has a nice warm tone that I like for clean delays.  I also got the TC electronics nova repeater which has more options, tap tempo and stereo out, I use that one for distorted delays and dotted 8ths. They are both great pedals that I use all the time. overallrating 5   lineend
name alexander review Ok I replaced my Boss DD3 with this pedal because the boss was the only digital pedal I had left on my board and I wanted a complete analog board. This pedal is more subtle then the Boss but if you want some delay to fatten up those lead tones and retain the sound of your amp then look no further. MXR is by far better then Boss IMHO and I do love my DD3. overallrating 5   lineend
name Altech review  This is an excellent choice if you're looking for a nice analog delay with a small footprint.It looks great, it's easy to use, and it's a fantastic size for a delay pedal.The analog delay is nice and warm -- much more satisfying than digital delay to my ears. Also, the modulation button enables you to add a chorusing effect to the delays.There is a internal adjustment that I don't think I will need to use for now anyway.I highly recommend it ! overallrating 5   lineend
name Bradley review This is hands down the best delay pedal I have ever used. I owned a Boss DD-3 for many years and I have tried various other brands, but this little beauty takes the cake. The delay is pure analog so it produces a smooth and creamy sound. It is very easy on the ears in both clean and distorted settings, and it adds exponentially to your tone. When turned off it is true bypass, which means it does not color your guitar's natural tone in any way. I recognized a notable difference when I unhooked my DD-3 and plugged in the Carbon Copy.The pedal is slightly smaller than most pedals but it is built like a tank. The price point is a little expensive but, in this instance, you get what you pay for. If you're looking for a creamy, true bypass, analog pedal then look no further. The Carbon Copy is the best there is! overallrating 5   lineend
name Bryan Croad review This is super warm and can get very trippy.  I like the depth it adds to everything from subtle, extreme and whatever else, the mod switch is great for the flutter effect too, nice extra.  600 milliseconds really is more than enough and I have a highend tape type unit that is something like 2.5 seconds but for what this does, more than enough.  I like retro and this is it, I used this on a show the day I got it and it was noticed by all.  I have to say MXR has really stepped up their stuff, very musical pedal.  Again, do your Youtube homework and listen around and you'll come to your conclusion.  Amazon is great to deal with. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bryan Harvey review I have a LOT of pedals.... including many delays and echos...The MXR is just little more organic and warm in tone and response then my Aqua Puss, EH Delux Memory Boy, Ibanez, Boss, and lets not even get into the Behringer stuff...  :)I like the chorus-like mod button.  Very lush and sweet to listen too.  Not as feature rich as some of my other delays, but a tad more appealing to the ear then the others to me.  Simple to use, compact and well built.  I like using this clean... but even it's ability to take some distortion is pretty good.This is simliar to my favorite echo (the Morely ECV from the 70's) in that is has that real warm surrounding sound to it.  Lush is the right word.Hope this helps. overallrating 5   lineend
name CHUS01 Fan review The reverb broke in my amp and I tried the Boss FRV-1 to replace it and didn't really like it too much.  Then I read that a darker analog delay can sort of sound reverby.  This is exactly what I wanted.  It fills out the sound and yet doesn't add any artificial high end.  Sounds gorgeous for what I do, which is playing alone in a basement.  For most songs it's always on, and it really excels at vintagy-sounding stuff like Rockabilly and Surf.  The mod button is a nice add-on but I haven't really bonded with it yet.If I had to buy this over again I might consider the Aqua Puss because I don't use the high delay times all that much and the Aqua Puss has an easy access battery door. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Longo review While I've never been a big delay guy, I've always felt my pedal board was missing this particular effect.  I'm definitely not a fan of digital delay, so I did a lot of R&D; on analog delays in hopes to find the right one for me.There are basically three options out there for delays under $200: MXR Carbon Copy, EHX Memory Boy, and Malekko Ekko 616.  I realize that there are other pedals out there, but according to my research these are the best three for the price.The Memory Boy seemed good but my concern was it can do a lot of exaggerated modulation, something I was not interesting in.  Crazy effects are an EHX trademark so if you're looking for that sort of thing the Memory Boy might be up your alley.  I read nothing but good things about the Malekko Ekko and tossed back and forth between that and the Carbon Copy for a while and ultimately went with the Carbon Copy because I was able to find the most first-hand reviews of it.I don't regret my decision, this pedal sounds great.  The repeats are long and do not sound artificial.  Some people complain the repeats are too dark but I don't think those people understand the difference between analog and digital delay.  If you're looking to recreate The Edge sound, analog delay is not for you.I'm able to create all types of sounds from this pedal from just thickening up a rhythm track, to slapstick, to dreamy repeats on solos.  I love it.  Sometimes I just leave the pedal on with the mix knob dialed down for subtle ambience in my tone.One minor criticism is that the modulation effect is subtile, at least out-of-the-box.  There are internal trimpots to make the effect more pronounced but I have yet to mess with them.  I would rather have had the controls be knobs on the pedal itself. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. L. Wheeler review  Love this pedal. The Mod button just makes it sound like tremolo to me and I have great classic Fender tremolo on the amp I use so I don't use that option much. I just use it for when I want a little slap-back and it works great for that and provides a real nice analog tone. overallrating 5   lineend
name Diego A. Umana review This is a great effect. I am very happy with it. Awesome engineering as Jim Dunlop's MXR products has always presented. The true bypass feature and the high-end quality materials make it very reliable and dependable. This delay device is (on my humble opinion) probably the best delay out there. It is very sensitive and delivers as it should, with a delay rate from 0 to 600 miliseconds. Most units offer a max of around the 400 mark and are normally quite large in size and take a lot of space on the pedal boards. This pedal is just another little pedal on your board that will deliver. I am actually sure this will exceed all your expectations. Ships fast. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name E.I.E.I. Owen review One of the great surprises in the last couple of years has been the MXR Carbon Copy delay pedal. Designed by Way Huge founder Jeorge Tripps, is a great analog delay for under $175 0. Using bucket brigade circuitry, true bypass and a very simple 3 knob interface, the Carbon Copy is a very flexible unit. Utilizing the \"modulation\" switch, you can achieve a slight chorusing sound (like the flutter from old tape echoes) which can be adjusted via the internal trim pot.The unit has a small footprint (like most MXR pedals) so it is very pedal board friendly.This is truly a great sounding delay so try one out overallrating 5   lineend
name Fender Guy review  What can I say? First it's MXR...enough said. This company (Dunlop) gets it right with the MXR line. I was a Boss guy but was never really happy with the delay or chorus from them. I don't hate Boss and use their Super-Overdrive in my chain. I already own a MXR Dyna Comp & Phaser 90 pedal so I took the leap and bought this delay. Wow! It's so much warmer than the Boss. Side by side the MXR won hands down...well at least for me. It goes from slap-back to space shot very easily... It's a great pedal that may well replace how much reverb you use... I'm really happy with this and would replace it god forbid... overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Botta review This pedal really hits the spot!Warm vintage analog slap-back delay with optional modulation and ability to self oscillate (which, if you are a fan of Johnny Greenwood, you will love!). I also use it to give my guitar some sort of ambient sound, with the modulation on and very short delay time, sounds almost like a phaser. overallrating 5   lineend
name Javier Servigon review This is a great analog delay, analog meaning you're not gonna get a lot of crazy sounds and delays that last forever. If you're looking to get creative with lots of weird sounds, get the Boss Digital Delay. This pedal is intended to just color your tone a little bit and it does so in a spectacular way. I'm very pleased with it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Knoxville AV guy review Warm analog delay very natural sound, not sterile at all very ez to use, no harsh digital BS, I like this way better than the BOSS. Plus is is MXR and built like a tank to last a lifetime overallrating 5   lineend
name Laytonium review I own alot of MXR pedals and this one is one of my favorites. This is one of the top delay pedals the pro's use. It is super simple to use, Regen is how many repeats you want, Delay is how long you want the delay to be and the Mix is basically how loud you want delay to be in your mix. You can get all the great delays out of this one pedal. From Ain't Talkin' 'Bout Love, to the Randy Rhoads solos of the 80's. There is also a little MOD button which seems to add some depth to the pedal, really makes it seem a bit fuller. I like that feature alot. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark D. Davis review this pedal worked well, but I sent it back because thru my marshall itgenerated a lot more line noise than I like, other than that it was cool!!!! overallrating 3   lineend
name Rick review This is a warm analog delay with a great deal of range.  Its warm and the modulation sounds great.  This is not a digital delay the echos will not be exactly what you play, but that is why you get an analog delay, so you hear the part just a little to the left.  Get it, it is tank tough and endless hours of fun. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sam review I don't have any problems with this pedal, but for the price I would just go with the Way Huge Aqua Puss for an analog delay. overallrating 3   lineend
name Steven K. Baker review  It's the Tube Screamer of delay pedals. I use mine primarily to thicken up my tone, and definitely would miss it if it were not on my board. I have used it for situations that call for deep delay, and love the mod function which can get pretty spacey... I fall back on a EHX Memory Man chained to an Anaolgizer for a sick ping pong between the 2 delays in experimentation sequences, but when playing blues or thrash, I use it as tone beef only. Low settings not too echo-ey, more like a bass'd out reverb.There are literally a million different ways you can use this pedal, and it is a testament to it's versatility that it pops up on so many pedal boards in so many different genres.Hey - stop reading this and order it! Now!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review The MXR Carbon Copy Analog Delay is a relative newcomer on the pedal scene, but has become instantly beloved by professional, semi-professional, and amateur guitarists alike (I would be in the latter category).  As a longtime user of the Boss DD-3 Digital Delay, it was a bit jarring trying out the Carbon Copy.  But after playing with the controls a bit and appreciating the pure quality of the tone it produces, it quickly won me over.There isn't a great way to explain the difference between digital and analog delay other than to say that the former is more precise and percussive, while the latter provides more warmth and ambience.  The \"Mod\" button is suppose to add additional modulation to the tone, though I don't hear a dramatic difference.  But no matter what setting you use, there is something undeniably more \"real\" about the delay effect of the Carbon Copy versus other delays I have used.  Rather than repeat your notes verbatim, it almost sounds like a haunting middle ground between the reverb/echo effect of a large hall and digital delay.The range of this delay, fortunately, is quite wide.  I believe it goes from 20 to 600 milliseconds.  To give you some perspective on that, slapback delays (such as rockabilly \"Stray Cats\" echo) are very short, probably under 150 milliseconds.  Rhythmic \"U2\" delays are usually around 350-450 ms.  Then there's even longer delays with a lot of repeats, a la Pink Floyd's David Gilmour.  This pedal is capable of all of those (though the \"U2\" style delay is better achieved with digital).  One note on that though - whereas the DD-3 uses three different knob range settings to cover its delay time, everything from 20-600 ms is covered with one sweep of the Carbon Copy's knob.  This makes it very convenient, but also a bit touchy.To summarize, the Carbon Copy is outstanding alternative to digital delay and at an attractive price point.  It covers the sounds of delay pedals over twice as large (and expensive), and belongs on any delay aficionado's pedalboard. overallrating 5   lineend
name Todd A. Hooper review This is a great pedal, very well made and fairly compact so as to fit in pretty well on my small pedal board. I also like the tone a lot. Bear in mind I like the more vintage tones, it's not a crisp, crystal clear tone like you'd get with a digital delay, it's got more warmth.There's a great video on YT from proguitarshop.com that demos it very well. It's got great short and long delay, very smooth feel and the mod switch adds just the right amount of modulation to your tone to make it a tad fuller. This is not a bright sounding delay, it can be a tad dark at times if you're not careful.I use this for my long delay sounds and use another delay for short, slap back and echo sounds, it's a Mooer micropedal. They work well together too to get a huge, fuller, ambient type of sound going. I put the Mooer before the MXR in my chain. I use all my pedals right into the front of my amp as there's no effects loop.I hope this helps your decision. If you like warm, old school tones you'll dig this pedal. overallrating 5   lineend
name tommy review I already had this pedal, but needed to add a little delay to two separate channels (stereo).  I liked this delay so much, that rather than buy a stereo delay, I bought another MXR Carbon Copy! overallrating 5   lineend
name T. Winkler review  s I decided to give this Pedal a try.All I can say is wow!It has excellent sound quality ,very low noise while off it is transparent in your petal chain.The settings are outstanding, you will not be disappointed very well-made. overallrating 5   lineend
name Victor Hugo review This unit produce a warm and vintage sound of a analog delay. It's not so &#34;digital and bright&#34; delay like Boss DD3 or DD7. Mod switch adds a perfect &#34;chorus&#34; effect for 80's Metal Ballads sound. overallrating 5   lineend
name Applewhite Minyard review I had the Behringer DR 600 (Ultra Reverb), but was unhappy with its tone and limited selection of reverb sounds. Although this unit is only $10 more, the difference in sound and tone may as well be $100 difference in quality of sound. That is, this one really sounds super once you adjust it to your own preferences. It may not have every reverb sound, but it has a nice selection, and they cover an impressive range, as well as giving you the option of &#34;wet&#34; (full) or &#34;dry&#34; (tinny) sounds and a &#34;trails&#34; that essentially adds some sustain. There's also an &#34;echo&#34; setting, but it's not very pronounced, though it does add an &#34;echo-like&#34; sound.So, my complaints are not with the quality of the machine or the range of effects or their qualities.There are a couple of annoying inconveniences. One is the BRIGHT blue light (indicating &#34;on&#34;). This has been commented on before. I have an array of pedals and this one is as bright as all the others combined. When it's on, you can't read the dials because of the glare in your eyes. I did find a solution. I put dark nail polish over the LED bulb. I had to put it on and wait for it to dry and reapply several times to get the dimming I desired.The second annoyance is that the name of the pedal is in black letters against a dark blue pedal color. This is impossible to read in stage (or even dim room) lighting. Of course, you can &#34;remember&#34; where it is or which one it is, but my other Behringer pedals all have white lettering, making them much easier to read. Every B. pedal has its own distinctive color, so that helps. My solution to this little dilemma was to buy some 1/4&#34; white vinyl letters from Office Depot and put them over the words &#34;REVERB&#34; on the pedal.It was annoying to have to make these cosmetic changes, but now I'm much happier with the pedal and can enjoy its sound instead of focusing on these minor irritations. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bret Hart review This inexpensive pedal kicks ass, provides everything from subtle spring reverb to VAST cathedral-like reverb. The 'Space' setting is unique in that it adds an interesting modulated overtone a couple octaves above the sounded note, providing a strange harmony. Some people pick on Behreinger because they're stuff is (still) cheap. I admit that two of their pedals (of the 10 that I have bought) underwhelmed me. This one is a keeper! overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris Hayden review Works well, has many options of reverb and tweaks on all the options.  I would recommend this pedal for an inexpensive reverb. overallrating 5   lineend
name grandpa review  I bought this pedal to enhance the reverb sound of my amp. It work very well. There are different settings for intensity and reverb sounds. Nice addition for the price. Uses a 9V battery or power supply. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jared Burdick review  Some things are great values, others are cheap. The Behringer is cheap. The clips are cheap. The clip that holds the 9V broke after the first change. The clip that holds the pedal is also cheap plastic. IF you get stuck using batteries, plan on 3-4 hours worth of use. It's also a noisy pedal. Like noisier than my Dyna Comp and OD pedals combined. Like you will not record with this pedal in your chain unless you want a mountain of noise. If you leave it plugged into your cables, even when powered down, it will eat your batteries.All of those negatives aside, you are paying less than $40 for a Reverb pedal that has several usable features. The 63' spring is great, the plate is also really good. It also has a worth-the-price-alone \"space\" feature. Also known as shimmer (a synth playing behind your instrument). Paired with a chorus effect, you can get some really cool tones.The RV600 is not without merit, but it is a bargain effect pedal and it has some fun to use features. If you gig or record and need a reverb...well...you aren't even looking at this pedal. If you play at home and have a low watt amp that doesn't have a reverb built in, this is a good option. overallrating 2   lineend
name J.E.S. review The reason I bought this pedal was for the &#34;Space&#34; setting, which is essentially a shimmering organ, octave up effect. On the shortest time it is still slightly off with tracking, and it can get crowded with chords, but it does sound ethereal and choir-y.Features:Time controls the delay time between the dry and wet signals, decay controls the length of the reverberations, tone controls the color of the reverb, and mix controls the level of wet to dry (it can basically cut all the dry signal if desired).The trails feature can hold a reverb sound until it decays even with the switch off; however, if your mix is set to max wet signal, no sound will come through if enable and the pedal is off. I haven't really been able to use it effectively, so I just leave trails off.Dual ins and outs are useful for plugging in another instrument.Sounds:The classic reverb sounds (spring, plate, room, chamber) aren't very distinct from one another. The hall setting is bit more expansive; the ducking is nice for a continual shift from note to note, removing excess reverb for the latest notes/chords played. The cave and tile are a bit different timbre than the other reverb sounds; and the echo setting acts like a short regular digital delay.Cons: The blue led is VERY bright, as on all Behringer pedals; I just cover it up with a sticker, and it still shows through. the foot switch is digital, so it doesn't preserve state, and doesn't have the best assuring &#34;click&#34; because it is buffered bypass, the effect will continue to draw power from a battery if a cable is plugged into it, even when off the battery is difficult to get to because you have to press in on both sides of the switch, and then lift upAlso, almost 50% of the pedals weight is the bottom metal plate, which can be removed, but that makes the pedal almost toy-like in weight. overallrating 4   lineend
name S. Thompson review   helpful I should have up dated much sooner,Not that I care because I tell the truth and do good to please Myself Not a bunch of fools. The first time I turned It on It was exactly the Sound I was looking for Shimmer and Space verb.Okay I Am apologizing for ordering the last one I guess I take the easiest way of ordering but If It makes You feel better It put Me farther In financial problems but If You look on some search there are some still left. Behringer needs to look at what The Customers Is buying and make more of them. If Your buying this Reverb Machine then You must be wanting It for Its Ducking also called Shimmer and Space verb If Not then there are cheaper Reverbs as Danelectro as FAB Echo which Is a nice Sounding older type slap reverbs Sound and there Is the more expensive Line 6 Verbzilla, and Someone wrote Me and said Boss has or did have this effect there are Internet videos showing this effect. My Digitech GSP 2101 quit working right It has Ducking Shimmer which Digitech calls String Swell which Is a Violin type Sound and They call Space verb Giga verb and I made the mistake of buying the Behringer Slow Motion 200 thinking String or Volume Swell was Shimmer then If found what I was looking for on Internet video I hope. I had already Wrote some Songs using My Digitech GSP 2101 and started having dreams about having this Sound effect again and just had to have It.How well this Behringer RV600 performs and Sounds I have Not received It yet to know but If possible I will do an up date but I have a Behringer EP2500 Power Amplifier that still works good which I even used as part of a Rife, Doug coil machine but the EP4000 would be better for that use Also the fan runs all the time. overallrating 4   lineend
name synthezatory review Bought Verbzilla, Digitech RV-7, and the verbzilla's ripoff : Behringer RV600.The types of reverb i get from Verbzilla is very insignificant to be used for my synths .. so for that many kind of modes, barely useful. And I HATE the fact that line 6 always used the MIX knob instead of the separated level and reverb/fx level, cos you have to sacrifice your volume to get an extreme reverb, which is sucks.Then i tried the digitech rv-7. First thought was .. Wow, what a construction it's got there. Fancy knobs, and additional stuffs like thick rubberized knobs cover, velcro, glow in the dark sticker. And the fact that it has the lexicon soul in it. I love this one better than the verbzilla, cos you don't have to sacrifice the volume to get a heavy reverb.. but the problem was .. there's no heavy reverb there. I couldn't get a ridiculous amount of reverb out of this pedal. But I love the gated reverb feature among all modes. Every other modes are just nothing special really. It was just a light reverb i get.Aaaand finally i tried this blue thick plastic pedal .. skeptical at first, and i can see that it has also the mix knob like verbzilla has I was a little disappointed. But I really can sense my juno 60 and my moog sings differently on each modes with this one. And I'm very happy that the mix and the decay could go ridiculous without having volume loss as much as the verbzilla does. It could be painful for guitar players, cos they cannot boost up your guitar volume without anything else if it's already full, but I could always gain the volume of my synth to balance it with the mix knob (since i never put the volume knob on the synth at full). I could sense the difference of each modes with this pedal and it's hell loads of them.Let me tell you the ugly truth about those 3 pedals that i've tried.. they are ALL battery hogs! It was ridiculous .. i mean bad bad ridiculous that it was only lasted about 5-10 mins of nonstop use of battery before it's dried up. So I suggest you to use the power adapter. And the only thing i hate about RV600 is the way that we have to put back the battery cover to it's place cos we have to put the spring back to it's track while closing it slowly, and that black plastic latch on the side doesn't feel it could last longI don't care what ppl said about this pedal, but it's been very useful for me and my synthesizers, we don't need to get an expensive gears as long as we can make great sounds. It's all comes back to our ability to make good music. Good luck guys! overallrating 5   lineend
name Bret Hart review I've been using and abusing pedal effects since the 1970's.  [...] , running all sorts of things through them, chaining them in all sorts of configurations, and have endured many 'wall wart' pedal meltdowns over the years. I said all that b/c I don't want to come off as condescending. I've learned that the single most effective way to power pedals properly is to have an infinite number of 9v batteries, or to be very careful to match pedal inputs with correct adaptor outputs. Check the polarity of the tip - is the tip positive or negative? You'll fry a Boss pedal in a flash if you plug a hot positive tip into one. Make sure the polarity matches (most pedals want negative tip adaptors, except Digitech which want 1/8\" plugs). Make sure the voltage matches. A 3v adaptor into a 9v pedal won't power it. Checking that these things are right will save you some $, and some of the Behringer pedals (I use about six of them on my board...see product links) are \"polarity fragile\ and will break right away with the wrong adaptor. I fried a BBE delay the same way. Happy Effecting!!Behringer SM200 Slow Motion Effects PedalBehringer DD400  Guitar Delay Effect PedalBehringer CS400 Compressor Sustainer Ultimate Dynamics Effects PedalBehringer ADI21 V-Tone AcousticBehringer PB100 Preamplifier/Volume BoosterBehringer PH9 Classic 90 Phase ShifterBehringer US600 Ultra Shifter/Harmonist Ultimate Pitch Shifter / Harmonist Effects PedalBBE TWO TIMER DUAL MODEDigiTech DGR Grunge Analog-Distortion PedalElectro-Harmonix Micro Q-Tron Envelope Follower PedalJim Dunlop M104 Mxr M104 Distortion +DigiTech RP155 Guitar Multi-Effects Processor overallrating 5   lineend
name Darwin's Survivor review Thought I would give this pedal a shot since it was inexpensive and sounded really good in the online videos posted for it.  Pros:  Very good sound quality, many options for echo to suit every individual taste, bright blue & flashing red (for tap tempo) LED's, stereo - dual out/in operation, tape + analog + digital types of delay = awesome, guitar signal \"smooths out\" when engaged, and class A bypass.  Cons:  Volume decrease by a hair when you engage the pedal, signal becomes a little bass-ier (but it sounds good) with the analog echoes, batteries go FAST (get the adapter).All in all, it was worth the money.  Comes with a warranty too, so no reason not to try it.  A lot of options available with this good-sounding pedal. overallrating 4   lineend
name Earle G review  Great unit for the price. It offer a lot of variations in echo delay types.It is sturdy enough for my use as not a stage piece. Even so would nothesitate to use that way. I can't say what battery life is as only use withan AC adapter. The EM600 sounds great using outputs to 2 differentamps. I drive mine sometimes with the Behringer A/B box using one ofthe 2 pre-amp gain controls or the Behringer Tube Amp Modeler.Only downside is the settings type control for echo delay types is a bithard to read without getting close to it especially in dim lighting.This isn't really a big deal though and often don't put the EM600 on the floor.. overallrating 5   lineend
name J.E.S. review Pros:I bought this pedal primarily in place of a volume pedal, or swell pedal, because it does that function fairly well, and a lot cheaper. Aside from that, it also does nearly every other type of delay needed: the tape/digital/analog switch slightly changes the sound of each delay the trails feature can be useful for holding a sound (in swell mode with high repeats) when the pedal is &#34;off&#34; and then playing over it with notes or harmony the time knob acts like an analog knob, pitch shifting when turned after playing a note the repeats knob can go from a little more than one repeat to self oscillation (sometimes runaway) depending on the delay type the mix knob can nearly cut out the dry signal stereo input allows for multiple instruments to play into itWhile the pedal has small problems, it compensates by inexpensive fixesCons:The modulation is a kind of adjustable width/depth all in one knob, and isn't the best compared to a chorus pedal. Just a general warbleThe blue led is VERY bright, to the point where you can't see the settings on the knobs, so I cover it with a sticker (it still shows through enough haha) The casing is plastic, but it is thick and durable enough (maybe not for consistent gigging) being a digital effect, the footswitch is not state dependent, in other words, if you turn off the pedal, unplug it, and plug it back in, the pedal will turn on because it is buffered bypass, the effect will continue to draw power from a battery if a cable is plugged into it, even when off the battery is difficult to get to because you have to press in on both sides of the switch, and then lift up there is no noticeable &#34;click&#34; when you change delay type; however, the led flashesOther notes:almost half the weight of the pedal is the bottom metal plate. The pedal without it feels shockingly lightweight, but with it has a good amount of heft. overallrating 5   lineend
name just_keith review For those that don't know, this pedal is a copy of the more expensive Line 6 Echo Park. The two things that make it better than the real deal are the lower price and the (IMO) better tap tempo. You have to do an odd sort of clicking sequence with the Echo Park, but with the Echo Machine you simply hold down the footswitch for 2 seconds, and then set your tap tempo. When you're satisfied, just hold again to enter regular on/off mode. Foolproof.Some folks will point to superior construction with the Echo Park, and I won't totally deny that. That said, the effects modules and the construction of the Behringer pedals are basically the same - plastic where you'd like metal, and surface mount construction (practical maintenance is really only possible by the manufacturer). But again, there is a switch in the tone dock that requires maintenance at some point - if it can't be cleaned up, the dock becomes a paperweight.As best I can tell, all the other settings are the same between this copy and the original. That makes sense, as it saves Behringer the costs of any R&D; - they just had to make it fit in the dimensions of their enclosures, and alter the tap tempo algorithm/access. That's a win for the customer because it decreases the price. For those who find a moral dilemma in buying a copy of something else, I'd submit that most of what is in your pedal collection has probably been either partly or wholly copied from something else. Unless you want to restrict yourself to the known originals and the prices they fetch, this is oftentimes the standard option. If there is a worthy improvement (IMO in a practical sense usually more than a sonic one), it would kind of behoove you to insist on the original. The tap tempo on the EM600 earns its purchase, just like the lower noise floor of the Biyang Compress X earns it as a purchase over what it copies 1:1 - the venerable MXR Dyna Comp.So why only 4 stars? Because it's a 2-way street - the cost cutting means that this pedal will potentially be something for the landfill in years to come. There's no denying this, and to get 5 stars requires unsurpassed durability at any price point. Despite what you may think, it can be done - the flipside is an ever so slightly higher cost. Behringer probably decided they preferred the increased profit per unit instead, or didn't want to go above a certain price point and risk getting beat by direct competitors.The other BIG reason to knock a star off is that with a little amp that you have to crank to get acceptable volumes from, there is quite a bit of audible hiss from this pedal. If all I used were my bigger amps, I would have never noticed, and it wouldn't have been an issue at all. But the 21st century is a time of lower playing volumes in live settings, which means the smaller amps are more popular. So the hiss could absolutely be a deal breaker. It might be slightly lower than the P.A. you're using, but I wouldn't be so sure. I'd say you'd want a (true) 30 watt amp to ensure this isn't an issue, but that may be absolute overkill for the gigs you play.But my aggravations are really small ones. Overall, this pedal works fine through any amp I've tried it with, as some are kind of picky especially with delay pedals. I've typically found digital delay to work better with drive/OD/distortion pedals as opposed to analog delay, and this pedal is no different - as much as I like my MXR Carbon Copy and BBE Two Timer, they aren't nearly as flexible. This one IMO is on par with the flexibility of the old Boss DD-2/DD-3 or Danelectro Dan Echo. But it surpasses them with all of the different types of delay effects. Many of those are something I would never use, but I could imagine how others would absolutely love them. Or - they could come in handy for something specific, or be great flexibility in the recording studio.Also worth considering is that at the EM600's price, you could buy a backup or a 2nd one for different settings. overallrating 4   lineend
name Marilyn Brown review I've had this for 4 days and I'm so glad I bought it. Its basically a top end 2 second delay with whistles and bells you wouldn't even think they would be on there. I have had ALOT of delay pedals and this thing is limitless except for the 2 second loop capabilities. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sabrehagn review This pedal is amazing. It has so many functions. Unless your a caveman there is no need to worry about it being plastic. I love this pedal and I would completely recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Daryl J. Healey review  I like this bag, though it is slightly different from the bag that is pictured.  It's a bit too big for my tenor uke, it's most probably made for a baritone uke.All in all a good value for the money! overallrating 5   lineend
name JerryWithaJ review Had I known what I was getting I would never have ordered it.  There are gig bags and there are gig bags.  I've ordered and used inexpensive guitar gig bags.  I expected more. This one offers almost no protection.  The only reason I have not returned it yet is that the return shipping will leave little to refund, but may end up returning it anyway.It  did  fit my Kala KA-TG with room to spare. overallrating 2   lineend
name Mathew K Raikes review This is my second Makala gig bag. The first was a smaller size for my MK-C concert uke, the second was the one above that I purchased for my Oscar Schmidt Tenor OU6.My OU6 actually came with an O.S. logo'd gig bag included, but while I love the uke the bag was PA-thetic. Single layer of fabric providing no protection. After comparing that bag to the one for my Makala uke, I came straight to this page and ordered another Makala bag.Why do I like this bag better? Its multiple layers provide some padding and protection for the uke inside.  You can carry it around, set it down, let it roll around the back seat of your car (a little) without blemish to your instrument.  As good as a hard case?  Of course not. But very good for a bag.I also like the fact that there's no logo on the outside. I can buy a decent bag and put whatever uke I want inside. That was a disappointment for another reviewer, for me it's a plus.What don't I like?  The dorky pad around the handle.  Both my concert & tenor bags had the handle pad and the first project for both was to remove it.  It's not as if the uke inside weighs so much you need a special pad for the handle!  And it just looks better without it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Scotty Boy review The construction, fabric, color and padding are all A-1. This is a super bag! My precious uku will always be protected and look good too. overallrating 5   lineend
name TWM review I bought this under the impression that it was a soprano gig bag. I know it says tenor (now that I look at it) but since I put soprano gig bag into the amazon search I figured I would be getting only soprano bags... Anyway it doesn't seem much more then a normal gig bag. Yes it has the pocket for your extra strings and what not. Not sure how well it holds a tenor since I don't have one. Mine is black not the almost purple the image shows... overallrating 3   lineend
name Andrew M. Ward review  It cannot be denied that the BOSS DD-7 is a versatile effective product...And it does EXACTLY what it claims to do, and does it well - but - I have a mixed relationship with this pedal...On one hand it does so many things with REVERSE / MODULATE / ANALOG settings as well as a half dozen other delay related settings it's a versatile tool - in fact it does everything you could ask a delay pedal to do except one thing... (one thing)In a live setting you have to set it and forget it (period)The four tiny fragile control knobs and the tiny black printed control panel are UN-USABLE (cannot be used) in a live dark stage environment...so when I'm at home putzing around on my guitar the BOSS DD-7 sits on my pedal board and gets used, but when I have a gig, it get's pulled from the board and the MXR Carbon Copy gets plugged into the slot and gets the nod in the performance category... The MXR Carbon Copy can be controlled by your foot and can be read from a standing position under any lighting conditions... so it gets used up there when the pressure is onThe BOSS DD-7 is a great pedal in a well lit practice environment ONLY - if you go live with it - good luck overallrating 3   lineend
name aspiring saint review  HOLD feature allows you to \"record\" individual \"tracks\" and overlap them on one another on the go--live!  Dont get too ambitious though as the more \"tracks\" you add the more distorted the sound becomes.  I haven't used expensive rack units etc., but this is great fun and versatility allows many different uses.  Excellent value.  Battery runs out fast so get an AC adaptor! overallrating 5   lineend
name Chava Perez review This one has an insane tonal range and a lot of cool features. The analog delay is just as great as the loop feature in this pedal. overallrating 5   lineend
name Evan Anderson review I literally just took this pedal out of the box an hour and a half ago and it has already blown me away. I've only begun to scratch the surface of what this pedal can do, and i've made funky/weird loops of sound, bizarre cricket noises, long delays that instead of fading out actually get LOUDER with time. I dont know how else to say it, If you are looking for a delay pedal, you just found it. This thing can do anything.It feels like the iPhone of delay pedals to me so far... like it can do all this crazy cool stuff... but oh yeah, it can also just do an echo too. (Wait, you can call people with an iPhone?)I could have waited a week or so to really learn everything this pedal can do and write a detailed review of it's performance, but i dont feel i have to. It's the latest BOSS delay pedal... what else is there to say?Also with the price range of 130-160 dollars its a huge bargin compared to other BOSS pedals that might pull off a similar effect such as the RC-2($180-200), or RC-20XL($240-300). Granted i know very little about the FULL capabilities of those pedals, but the DD-7 has up to 40 seconds worth of loop play in \"Hold\" mode. And the hold mode is so much more sophisticated that what I am familiar with... since previous to this pedal i have only tampered with the DD-3.Sorry if I'm rambling, but seriously I'm in love with this pedal. Perhaps i will post a video demo of some of the weird junk you can do with it at some point. overallrating 5   lineend
name Franklin J review Excelent product, great quality and useful in many different ways, I specially use it for looping and create new options for soloing, since it can record up to 40 seconds and it will not end unless you stop it, this is a great tool for experimenting with all your rythms and solos, I also have it connected in a FXs loop with the Mustang fender IV, and it works just perfect in stereo mode, the reverse mode rocks, allows you to do great fading delay violing efect, this is simply the best pedal I got since it's so versatile, I do play Metalcore and alt rock most of all and it works like a champ!! Love it overallrating 5   lineend
name Guitar Operator review  I have owned many delay pedals in the past several decades.I like this one the best...especially for the price range.Boss DD-7 beats the pants off the Line 6 Echo Park delay. The Echo Park delay causes a little noise/interference when not used, being caused by the little LED light flashing...you can hear it buzz each time it flashes through the amp. The Boss DD-7 was perfectly clean and did not alter the tone.Many great features including an on-the-fly sampler/looper.The ability to control it with an external pedal/switch.Easy to set and adjust while playing live and on-the-fly.Matches perfectly with other Boss pedals.Standard \"Built Like A Tank\" Boss construction is renowned for.It also beats the other Boss Delay pedals available for quality, sound and features.Many options, settings and configuration choices makes this pedal versatile.I bought this for quality, ease of use and straightforward operation while playing live.It also \"self-oscillates & freaks out\" quite well. (If you're into that sort of thing!)Make sure you read the instruction and settings operation manual. There are \"new\" operations and ways to \"set\" this pedal up to perform certain functions. overallrating 5   lineend
name Luis Santana review Pedal infaltable!! Es muyy bueno!! tiene todo lo que se necesita en un delay!! Como solo boss lo sabe hacer!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Rexomus review  This pedal is awesome. Not only does the DD-7 offer standard dealy and echo it also has reverse delay, modulation, and loop functions. It's capable of looping up to 40 seconds of play which is a wonderful tool for writing two and three part harmonies or working out timing. This pedal is amazing and I highly recomend it for any guitar player. Most of my pedals are Boss because they only build their equipment to industrial strength and standards. This means their stuff is made to last. No flimsy plastics, cheap rubber, or faulty components or parts will cut it in Boss's supieror product line. overallrating 5   lineend
name Solaceinsorrow review This is the best Delay I have tried thus far. Extremely versatile and, as is typical with all boss pedals; absolutely sturdy! A delay is such a necessary addition to one's personal effects, and I really cannot emphasize enough just how perfectly this works in pretty much any style of music! Well worth the price!! Item was shipped in a timely manner and with secured packaging. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brandon K. Rush review Needed this cable to hook up my Dean EVO to a practice amp. Can't complain; it's a pretty nice, standard instrument cable that makes my guitar sound clean and loud, which is what I wanted. overallrating 5   lineend
name CHUS01 Fan review These cables are made from top quality components and expertly assembled in the USA.  I had one just like this with the Neutrik connectors (gave away as gift) and now have two with the G&H; Show Saver connector option.  This makes them similar to some boutique cables that cost three times the price.These cables are well-balanced with articulate mids and highs and tight bass.  They are well-shielded, look nice, and handle well.You could pay more for gold plating for slightly better corrosion resistance or for woven coverings to make the wire look cute, if you want to. overallrating 5   lineend
name Coolkayaker review  ers below.  Like Jackson, I have a RISA solid body electric ukulele.Let me say, three feet is short, very short.  If you want to put the amp down on the floor, you'd better be (a) short, and (b) siting right over it, because when you find out how limiting three feet cable really is, you'll recognize that you can only use this for one thing: a portable amp, close to or on your body.I suppose you could use it to connect a couple of guitar pedals and not have too much cable, but them again, most connector cables are even shorter.Glad I have it only for the purpose I intended.  Wish it was heftier, stronger, better looking, like my other guitar cables. overallrating 3   lineend
name David J. Huber review  I bought these to replace the cruddy cables that came with an all-in-one guitar/amplifier/etc. kit that finally went bad.Seriously, for the price, these can't be beat. I'd even pay a lot more for them. Don't let the off-brand name put you off. Go ahead and get them - you'll be glad you did.I'm using mine on a Strat straight into the amp, and also through effects pedals, and through both paths they work great: no added hiss or other noise, no pops or cracks, nothing. Perfectly quiet cables that deliver the signal from the guitar at full strength without modification.Get 'em. overallrating 5   lineend
name I.M. review  I have a home studio and needed extra cables for my three guitars and keyboard. I wanted to have them all plugged in and ready to go without having to switch cables all the time. So, I tried this cable and it works perfectly. Very heavy cord and top quality construction. Can't beat the price either. Will buy again. overallrating 5   lineend
name tgn1956 review Works great, just what I needed to have to walk all over the room. Now I sit in my chair overallrating 5   lineend
name chapopot! review its very easy to install and are very effective in locking the strap to the guitar! holds it in place and are of high quality material. i recommend it a lot! overallrating 5   lineend
name MQ review Unhappy with it, actually I already replaced them. The method of attachment is poorly designed, it doesn't matter how tight you screw the two sections of the lock with the catch balls, the thread slips and my guitar almost fell down to the ground in a couple of occasions. Expensive locks too. overallrating 1   lineend
name Musicman review These are nice strap locks, but the screw is hand tightened and strap movement seems to make it come loose. This can probably be solved by the use of a lock nut. Otherwise these are a good value with easy on & off. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ray review I've read the revues and some don't do them justice. These fit very well, do the job they're supposed to do and if you know you have a hardwood guitar, just use a cordless drill to attach them, make sure you place the clutch at a low level in order not to strip the wood and have a secure fit. overallrating 5   lineend
name W. Perry review It does everything it's supposed to do. I got these for about $12 here on Amazon. The Dunlop or Schaller versions of strap locks are usually twice that with no perceivable benefit that I can see.They lock securely, don't require any alterations to your strap or guitar to use them and they have different finishes to match your guitar's hardware.I have both Dunlop and Hennessy straplocks and I don't see any reason to pay more for the Dunlops. overallrating 5   lineend
name cincinnatislim review I had some issues with my 18-watt all tube amp so I experimented and replaced all the tubes.  Issues not only continued but worsened.  Hum, noise, volume fade, unwanted distortion at low volumes.  I eventually put back the original El84s and that didn't help.  Once I removed the Tung-Sol 12AX7 preamp tubes and replaced, the hum stopped, sound quality of the amp was consistent, quiet and back to par.  My experience with the Tung-Sol tubes was very, very negative.  They caused me to go out and buy another amp.  I had no idea that brand new tubes could sound so badly that fast.  I'll never buy this brand again. overallrating 1   lineend
name Loren Shirk review good strings overallrating 5   lineend
name luiszo review i love these strings.  i had limited experience selecting strings for my acoustic but as soon as i tried these, i really enjoyed them.  after reading reviews realized i actually made a good purchase.  no desire to test other strings.  especially after this bundle/value. overallrating 5   lineend
name McEldoy review Arrived beautifully with plenty of time to forward this on to another guitar enthusiest who rarely changes her strings, tune. overallrating 4   lineend
name Melissa review I'm going to be honest, I have a cheap guitar. I payed $120 for an Epiphone at my local music store because I just play it recreationally. (Bonfires, sitting around the house, etc..) So I've never really put a nice set of strings on it because I figured strings aren't really going to make THAT much of a sound difference on this guitar, but I was way way way wrong! These strings aren't even that expensive, actually they're only a few more dollars than the usual cheap strings I put on my guitar. Yet, they completely  changed the sound of my guitar and it sounds like I forked over some money for a decent guitar! The strings are high quality and they feel so smooth under my fingertips! I used to play once or twice a week, but I can't help but want to play every single day just to hear these things sing! overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Jones review DAddario's are my go to strings for my Washburn and Ibanez acoustics.  They sustain well, great tone, tune well, and last for a good while between changes. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Griffith review I gave these strings a try, but I don't care for them that much. I have always used SP;s or Elixir's, and I don't think that will change after trying these. overallrating 3   lineend
name Mike review  I'm enjoying using this priced-right set of strings. I put these strings on my Martin guitar after receiving my new DVD from customerservice@peghead.nl entitled \"How to Play Fingerstyle Guitar\" by Eltjo Haselhoff, whose preview of this GREAT DVD I found on YouTube. See the preview and look at other Youtube videos of Eltjo - you'll want to order the DVD immediately. overallrating 5   lineend
name miT review I bought these primarily because they are so cheap. The quality is good I would say - not great, but not terrible either. They sound great for a few weeks but then become very dull. They don't last nearly as long as Elixirs, but then again, they are a lot cheaper than Elixirs. I would recommend these for practice - no gigging with these as the sound isn't quite as crisp as I would think a performer would want. For the price though, it's hard to knock on them too much. overallrating 4   lineend
name MJK review The small e-string and the g- string both broke on the ball end while tuning.  I haven't broke a string while tuning in 20 years, never ever had one break on the ball end.Luckily I bought the three pack.But I can't recommend this product. overallrating 1   lineend
name Mountain Biker review Excellent steel guitar strings, each string has a color coded end, each 6-string bag has three bundles of two strings which makes it even easier to figure out which string goes where.  Purchased a 3 set box, and each box was in a seperate sealed bag for freshness.  I went with the mediums.  Try the light if you are a beginner. overallrating 5   lineend
name NoKidding review I really like these strings. Good sound and the feel is good. Not sure there is much difference in tension of lighter strings, however. I only bought one set, not three sets and have not had to change them yet after three months. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ocean Blue review Anyone who plays a lot know that strings are very much a personal thing.  The tonal qualities, weight, feel, materials and all other qualities / variables combine to make strings your very own personal favorite.  For me these strings bring it all together and are my string of choice for all 12 acoustic electrics I use to play what I consider rock ballads using my strumming-style of play.I love the feel and tone of these strings for my style of play and my equipment set-up.  I do have some issues with these strings, but overall, I'm willing to put up with the issues for the overall performance I get from the EJ26 strings.  The issues include what I think may be premature breakage.  I do not play &#34;hard&#34;, I play long (playing several hours daily), but I play rock ballads using a somewhat softer strumming style.  (I definitely do not &#34;pound&#34; on the strings - I like to think of it as fairly &#34;gentle&#34; strumming.)  Yet, I seem to manage to break the high E & B strings on a regular basis (by playing, not by over tuning).  Some of this can be expected, but what bothers me is the frequency with which I'm breaking G strings.  I simply don't think these wound G's should be breaking at all with my style of playing.  I've noticed that the current &#34;most helpful critical review&#34; mentions this same problem.  I change strings frequently so I don't think this is the reason they are breaking.Overall, I am willing to put-up with what I believe to be some premature breakage (especially with the G string), for the other qualities that draw me to the EJ26 strings.  They sound great for my style of play, equipment, and set-up.  They feel great.  I love 'em and will continue to buy quantities of them for my 12 acoustic electrics.  I just wish I had a better feeling about the premature breakage. overallrating 5   lineend
name P. Panehal review It has been a while since I put new strings on my acoustic guitar. These went on with no problems. They have a brassy sound to them. Since purchasing them, they still ring nicely. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert Baxter review My favorite string from back in the '60s when I had my own guitar shop. Great strings and the best packaging. overallrating 5   lineend
name RobertB review I had been using 12's on my S35 Takamine and they were over powering the chassis with vibration. The result was poor sound. Switching to these 10's made a huge difference in tone. It took a bit to get used to the lightness but now I will stick with them on this guitar. They are also easy to do bends which I like alot. I have never broke a D'Addario acoustic string. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert M. Koretsky review  s, the quality of these strings is excellent.They last with great tone for a reasonable time, and don't break.I just have a helpful hint for those people with little experience in re-stringing an acoustic guitar that has removable bridge pins. Put a crimp or bend in each string about 3/4 of an inch or so from the ball at the end, about 45 degrees from the straight portion of the string, fairly sharp. Just beyond or just on the wound portion that holds the ball on. Then push the ball into the hole and make sure the crimped portion of the string is slid up against the wall of the hole closest to the neck of the guitar, out of the way of the pin. Then slide in the pin and make sure the ball is not resting on the bottom of the pin! The pin should fit tightly into the hole, and the crimp you made in the string keeps the ball on the side of the pin, not below it. Each pin has a groove in it where the string passes into the hole on the side of the pin. After pushing in the pin, you can pull on the string in the direction of the nut, and the ball should be pressing the pin sideways in the hole, keeping it tight. It may be under or on the side of the bridge inside the guitar, but I can't see in there to verify this is so, but I know that the ball is pressing sideways on the pin! Not upward.Hope this helps some novices, I had to learn it this way myself. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Sadewater review  I have multiple guitars, for different styles.  I use these strings on my Ovation Legend, for acoustic leads.  Good tone, good sustain, and they stay in tune.  I play 2 gigs a week on average, and practice everyday.  These strings get a workout, and I change strings when I start to lose sustain.  That's why I buy the 10 packs, so I always have spare sets on hand. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Griffith review These strings are what I use on all  of my acoustic guitars.  The sound and tone are great, and the price is right.  They shipped quickly and I will order again and again. overallrating 5   lineend
name SILVERBACK review I have restored an old REX Commander.  Yeah, I know;  never heard of it.  Beautiful old archtop acoustic with real mother of pearl rectangular inlays on the neck.  Frets filed nearly flat after over a half century of playing.  But the resonance of the D'Addario's really bring this old guitar to life with a thick juicy vibrance on the bass side, and bell like clarity on the treble side.  Not to mention how great they look.  The snap and sparkle of the responsiveness of these stings amazes me.  Terrific strings for the price of cheapies. overallrating 5   lineend
name sir helps alot review I have not used mine yet but my brother in law says it looks like i got the same strings on my guitar already i trust him he knows more about guiatars than i do overallrating 5   lineend
name Sirius review I needed to replace the strings on my acoustic, and chose these D'Addario's based on price and the favorable reviews given them by other users. I'm glad I chose them, as they play easily and have a nice sound. The lighter gauge allows for rapid yet sure fingering, and makes 'bending' notes for a blues effect a cinch. In fact, I occasionally have to remind myself there's no longer any need to press down nearly as hard as I previously had to when playing the heavier-gauge strings my guitar came with. In short, these strings make playing so much more enjoyable, I wish I'd gotten them from the start. But then, without the comparison of playing with the old strings, I might not appreciate playing with these half as much as I do now. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sledman review Not much to say here. Strings are a very personal thing to a guitar player. You need to try different gauges and brands till you find the ones that work best for you and your style. These are the string of choice for my acoustic and have been for many many years. I replace my strings about once a month with casual play and proper maintenance so why run to the store or pay for shipping 10 times a year. The strings are great, priced great and was on sale which made it even better. There is less waste with the packaging which help the planet just a bit so that's good too. overallrating 5   lineend
name smi6375 review Tried them all. These are the best sounding in my book. They last pretty long for non-coated strings and play nicely, too. overallrating 5   lineend
name Superlead777 review D'Addario,what's up? These didn't last long at all.I don't play my Martin very often,(too busy with electrics..) but these were trashed in a month.Guess your using recycled car bumpers for strings now? Never purchase again. overallrating 2   lineend
name Taoshaman review I recently acquired a Guild six string that I strung with my usual EJ16 strings, however, it just wasn't playing or sounding as good as I knew it could.  After tweaking the action and restringing with EJ17 Mediums, that Guild has sounds great with plenty of punch & power to spare.Overall, I rely on D'Addario strings for all my instruments. What's not to love about a 300+ year-old, family-owned company that (beginning with the days of catgut) has been responsible for dozens of string making innovations?  Beyond great tone & playability, these suckers are reliable as all get-out. These days if a string breaks, I know right away I need to check the nut & saddle, because these strings don't snap unless something on the instrument caused damage. In fact, I used to snap strings every other performance before I learned to properly hone the string rests on my instrument and use NOTHING but D'Addario strings. I haven't broken a string during a performance in years, and believe me, I ain't being gentle with 'em. overallrating 5   lineend
name Teagan Mago review D'addario makes a pretty good string, but I'd have to say I prefer the Elixir. The sound is a little brighter, and the strings last longer with Elixir. Don't get me wrong though, I still like these.  If there's a sale, I'll buy some more. overallrating 4   lineend
name the blessed one review it's tri pack with great quality strings on good deal! i purchased 2 of this set and it works great. it sounds balanced (warm and bright). i prefer change strings often so i can't afford to do that with expensive set of strings. this one is affordable and make my guitar sound good! anyone needs string go for it! overallrating 5   lineend
name T review I have been using these strings for years and have been happy with them but the last couple of sets have lost the tone completely on strings 4,5,6 within 3 days of installing.  I play professionally and have a lot of experience installing strings, nothing wrong on the guitar.  Hopefully the next set will be better overallrating 3   lineend
name wapialo review received in just a few days....to a beginner like me they like like good strings but what do I know.. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayfinder review I usually play classical (nylon string) guitar, but have an Ovation deep-bowl acoustic electric as well and after the original strings wore out, I never have found strings that I really liked (don't ask me why I never thought about contacting Ovation and asking them what they use from the factory.  One of those duh things I didn't even think of until just now).Based on reviews and questions answered here on Amazon, I purchased this triple-set of strings.  Instant gratification.  First, they tuned up quickly and retained their tune on a relatively respectable basis (no new string holds tune perfectly for the first couple of days, but these retained tune fairly well).  The sound is excellent, the playability comfy.  The tone of my Ovation was back.Here are my itemized observations:  First, three sets for $13 (currently).  Cannot beat the value for price.  BRILLIANCE.  What many people call &#34;bright&#34;, brilliance is the opposite of &#34;dull&#34;.  Some strings sound dull right out of the package.  These strings are brilliant, bringing out the full tone and maximum volume from the guitar.  TONE.  The natural tone of the guitar is allowed to shine through, no hint of &#34;tinniness&#34;, &#34;plunk&#34; or &#34;twang&#34;.  MELLOW.  Mellow is difficult to define, but the best definition I've heard is, &#34;Ah, that sounds nice.&#34;  Mellow is a string settling into a guitar and becoming part of the guitar.  It's a pleasantness that doesn't grate on your ears when you pluck a string.  These strings are medium-mellow, just enough to allow one to enjoy the sound without falling asleep.  : )  BALANCE.  At first the E overtoned the b and e.  But as the strings settled that became less pronounced and the strings balanced right out.  The trebles became clearly audible while the E and A provided just the right touch of bass.  COMFORT.  The 12-53mm diameter of these strings is comfortable to the fingers.  Thicker strings are often more difficult to play and can even damage some guitars.  Lighter gauge tends to cut into the fingers unless the guitar has excellent action.  These strings are just right-- especially the 53mm E, which provides the proper amount of bass without overkill or difficulty in strumming.SUMMARY:  These are excellent strings, which doesn't surprise me since I've use D'Addario classical guitar strings for years.  Martin and GHS are both good strings, but somehow D'Addario just shines.Thanks to Amazon enthusiasts who helped me decide to give these a try.  Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name zachary review I love the strings so far, just put them on my Jasmine by Takamine guitar today (2-20-14) and they sound amazing, very bright tone, I will be using D'Addario strings from now on, very pleased with them. overallrating 5   lineend
name zak review I have used D'Addario EJ-16 PB lights for years. I find them hard to beat for quality and sound and will continue to use them on all my guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name zdeptawa review These are great strings. Nice bright tone. The three pack was the best deal when I ordered them. Get some! overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam G review These strings I put on my Taylor GA4E.  They had a very nice and balanced mids and highs.  These strings fit very nicely for a acoustic guitarist that is playing with a bassist and supporting instruments.  These strings fill and fit the acoustic spectrum nicely.  Nice mids and ringing highs.  Not a lot of bass.  But very nice balance as I said.  YMMV. overallrating 4   lineend
name Audie review I started experimenting on strings, I'll try using bronze strings. I noticed when I was using the phosphor bronze, after a while it started to sound dull. When I switched to bronze it sounded better and lasted longer. I decided I would use bronze strings for my acoustic guitar for most of the time. I would recommend others to try it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob B review  Tried D'Adario EJ36 Extra Light 12-string set on my Eko Ranger XII 12-string acoustic, and the EJ11 Light 6-string set on my Takamine.  No trouble stringing or tuning either set.  With the 0 12-0.53 Light weight strings I tuned a full note lower than normal to ease string tension, and they still sound fine.  Good acoustic, but a rather strong metalic, sound with a nice \"ring\ and notably more metalic than the EJ15 Phosphor Bronze strings.  Sound does deaden over time, as expected, but I especially noticed deadening on the high E and B non-wound strings, losing some of their \"ring\".  (Tried Elixir's for better longevity, but they did not sound as good to me as these D'Adario's.) overallrating 4   lineend
name Carlos & Gloria Guerra review I bought these strings to replace the strings on my Hofner acoustic. The gauge is pretty good for a deeper tone. I might try a lighter set next time, but these have a good clear tone from low to high, and are fairly comfortable. overallrating 4   lineend
name Chris30542 review These and Reds are my favorite acoustic strings. These are a little brighter than Reds and are best for live playing. The strings are well made and I've never had an issue with quality. overallrating 5   lineend
name David Burch review 80/20 strings \"blend\" really well on my cheap Jasmine guitar. They improve the bass and do not emphasize the tinny sound that inexpensive plywood guitars often exhibit. Phosphor Bronze were way too bright on the Jasmine. 80/20 is good choice for a guitar that needs smoothing out. They did nothing to help my over-braced 1970 Gibson J-50, though. Phosphor Bronze strings are required to give that old box some snap. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hans R review Have been using these for years on my acoustic guitar ... like them and never an issue ...nice bright tone & and last a.good long while. overallrating 4   lineend
name H. Easter review First time I ordered these was in a larger order, and Amazon forgot to put them in the box. Oops! I contacted their customer support people and they overnighted me a replacement set of strings at no extra charge. Thank you, Amazon!I like the tone of D'Addario's 80/20 bronze strings. I've been playing more bluegrass-y guitar lately, so I've switched to mostly using phosphor bronze, but these strings have a great warmth that I really enjoy. I also notice that electronic tuners have a much easier time picking up the notes from the 80/20 strings.Amazon has the best price on these, and they're inexpensive enough that I can afford to change strings whenever I feel like it. I like their tone, and they react well with my skin chemistry so they last a long time. overallrating 5   lineend
name Humbrecht review Sound can be subjective and strings are a matter of debate that can go on forever.  Usually I wouldn't notice a significant difference between brands (except for any coated string that all sound like crap to my ears) but when I put D'addarios on my 000 I just couldn't believe the improvement over the Martins.  It took dozens of string changes and gage experiments but now its clear.  These consistently sound the most balanced and responsive... With the crisp clear highs that my guitar lacks when strung with anything else.I'm glad the search is over for awhile and I have a solid sweet baseline to experiment from here! overallrating 5   lineend
name Psych PhD review  I love these strings...they sound awesome on my acoustic. However, they do not last long, but that is the price you pay for a good sound. Not strings recommended for beginners, due to the bigger gauge. overallrating 5   lineend
name RON IN USA review  I bought a case of these.  I can't handle #12 strings and the sound of #10 is terrible.  I prefer #12 strings for finger picking but they hurt my hands.  not the fingers but the hand and wrists, so  11 strings are what I use.  I am not sure if they get dirty and get corrosion but they are my main strings and I love the low price too!! overallrating 5   lineend
name R. W. Milyard review  I have many so-called travel size acoustic guitars and have changed out all of the over sized strings that were installed on them (typically 12-54's) with these 10-47's (or 11-52's for beefy 7/8 and 3/4 scale guitars) in all cases, has brought the smaller guitars from duds to nice playing instruments.Three radical samples come to mind: On an old 1931 Gibson L1, the 12-54's pulled the bridge out.On an SX Traveler, you could not hear the Low E until I got rid of the 12-54's.On my Lil Martin, the lower bout started to delam under the pressure of the bridge pull.Short scale acoustic guitars are someplace between a full size acoustic and a Ukulele and in most cases are not set up for heavier gauge strings (even though the manufacturers insist on delivering them this way) due to their short scales, small frets, and light construction.If you can't hear the low E, or you are having problems fretting your strings, try these, what can it hurt? overallrating 5   lineend
name David G. Beneke review First of all, let me say, from some of the pictures I have seen posted of this Pop Filter, when put on a Yeti mic stand, the clamp will fit on the stand as pictured. This is a design flaw, not with the Pop Filter, but with the Yeti stand, as this filter has been around long before the Yeti came out. Blue, or a clever do it yourself person, could easily fix it, by drilling more holes into the side of the clamp mount. Then you could move it forward and simply screw the side mic mount screws into the stand. There are many great pictures of other clever fixes, as well.  Since I have mine hanging upside down, on a boom stand attached to a Blue Radius Shock mount, this is not an issue for me, but I will say it is a problem Blue should fix. (I have written an addendum on the bottom, for a great fix.) Other brands of filters will give the same, if not more problems. I am not going to knock any stars off, because I'm reviewing the filter itself, which is superb and how it works for me.Now for the meat. This is a studio grade, high quality product, all metal, except for the two tightening knobs. The dual screen design eliminates any plosives, P's and B's for example, better than any screen I have used so far. This is especially true when, the screen distance is about an inch from the Yeti capsule screen, and you are 4 to 6 inches away from the unit itself, which I have found to be the Yeti's sweet spot in the Cardioid pattern. Next the silk screened Blue logo also helps you find the sweet spot, if you place it in front of the capsule area. I like the idea of a metal screen, especially if you are transporting it, you won't have to worry about snagging,or runs, as you do with the cloth filters. Speaking of old cloth filters, I have a Neumann, which is about 12 years old, a very nice screen as well, but it does not cut the pops as well as the Blue, especially if you get closer to the mic and screen. Also when reading copy, or maybe music, I can see over and through the Blue filter, much better than the round 6 & 1/4 inch jobs Like the Neumann. You can contort the neck of the filter in any position easily, cheaper filters I have used in the past, will creep back into unwanted positions, the Blue behaves. The Blue Pop is absolutely transparent, no muffling, as with foam filters, The curved design of the Blue Filter also protects the sides from plosives and possible proximity errors of a poorly placed screen or none at all. The screen is a solid build, as are all of the Blue products I have used so far. It also fits the look of the Yeti and Radius Shock Mount like a glove. Surprisingly, I paid a little over $30 0 on Amazon, a real bargain in my mind, for such high quality. This filter is for all the Blue Microphones by the way, and I am going to use it on my entire collection of mics!10/7/11 AddendumIf you need to use the Yeti as a table top mic, especially if you are using a shock mount and pop filter (any brand), I would suggest buying aSamson SAMD5 MD5 Desktop Mic Stand, which works great for this set up! overallrating 5   lineend
name ETD review This pop filter is built like a tank compared to those cheap cloth and plastic versions that you get at the discount music stores, so it's a bit more expensive, but the quality and functionality is like night and day.  I use it in front of my Shure Beta 58A, and it's absolutely perfect. overallrating 4   lineend
name Grenics review Watch the review in one of the prior posts for fitting it properly to the Yeti microphone.  Works like a champ, gets rid of all those unwanted noises!  Larger than I expected. overallrating 5   lineend
name michaelht1 review works exactly like its ad says it would, eliminates pops and secondary noises in the background, easy to install, nice looking overallrating 4   lineend
name Mike N. review It didn't naturally fit onto my Blue Yeti mic which is weird, since this IS a Blue mic and its supposedly universal but whatever i made it work. For 10 more dollars instead of the meshy pop filter you could have this one which looks and feels like it'll last a looong time! If the pop filter fit on right i would have gave 5 stars :x overallrating 4   lineend
name Parker Hicks review This is a beautiful shock mount. However for the price it didnt perform. The mount doesnt fit directly to the blue yeti and it leaks wind and plosive sounds on P's and S's. Not worth the price. overallrating 2   lineend
name Smoothbassman review  overallrating 5   lineend
name SRR review  It's works. Nice and small. Cool looking. Does the job. Seams sturdy enought. Might even get a blue mic. I use with a MoJave overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review Nice, works and no problem.Sound is good.Packaging is good.So far the so good, used for almost a month now. overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review Regular strings. They work, and they last. They have a worm sound and i really like that, and with my takamine they sound great overallrating 4   lineend
name Bob Dillin review I was not happy with the sound of these strings. The EAD steel wound strings sound dull and the nylon GBE strings sound tinny. For an extra $2 I bought the D'Addario EJ45 Pro Arte and got a much, much higher quality sound out of my 40 yr old Yamaha G-60.  Spend the extra $2 its well worth it. overallrating 2   lineend
name jeff h review These strings sound great. I was really impressed by the sound. They stay in tune very nicely. Great for beginners and intermediate players. I would recommend them. overallrating 5   lineend
name michaelht1 review provide a very good sound, minimal stretching past a couple of days of setting it, good lows and highs, good value overallrating 5   lineend
name Rolf J Craven review They are cheap and look good.  They also have a nice full sound and are holding up well.  Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name the blessed one review i've used d'addario strings for bass, electric, acoustic, and classic. even though this string was my first time use and it haven't failed me yet!! it's very stable and in tune all time while playing. highly recommand to other ppl overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayfinder review This string compares significantly to the Pro-Arte string.  The sizes are the same but it costs a buck or two less.  It's so similar I contacted D'Addario to ask them what the difference was.  They stated the Pro-Arte strings are made of a better nylon and to more stringent specs... but in all honesty I wonder if the strings aren't identical but these marketed primarily to students and schools as a more economical string.Whatever is the actuality-- both sets are of quality manufacture.  They're D'Addario... and D'Addario never produces junk.  Their cheapest string is as good or better than more expensive strings in other brands.  I've never used a set of D'Addario in any classification of guitar that I didn't like.For those who are curious, I'd recommend doing what I did:  buy a set of these and a set of the Pro-Arte (they're both pretty inexpensive) and compare and see which you like best... or if you like both equally.  I think it would be good to get several reviews here of such a test between the two grades.  Whichever set one ultimately chooses, can't go wrong with the quality/price ratio. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ed review We bought this for my daughter's boyfriend; we saved it as the last gift to give on Christmas Day; he wrapped the strap around his neck and never put it back down; I still don't think it has come out of his hands for more than a few minutes; I believe he is very happy with his gift! overallrating 5   lineend
name Eldude review I wanted a mandolin to fool around on and learn how to play. But didn't want to spend the same amount on something that I could for a new guitar. I am very pleased with the price and the quality. They take great care to pack it well so no worries their either. Buy this if you want a started that isn't bobo or a toy. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Nguyen review  s gave this mandolin a bad rating due to this lack of knowledge (that's unfair). All brand new mandolins require setup (at this expense), unless the store did the setup and charge a higher price for it.If you are lucky to know someone who can setup for free, that would save you the cost of two mandolins like this !!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard review  Having bought 4 sizes of Ukulele, only to discover the Baritone Uku is much like a classical guitars lower 4 strings, I was curious for 60 bucks to see what it is like to play the Mandolin.  If you are interested in this style of play,  search You Tube videos and watch people,  I have not found anyone cutting Hotel California out on these things..I also didnt feel like I wanted to learn yet another chord set ( tried playing the electric guitar, even going and getting Rocksmith software to learn ( which is prety cool)  anyhow,  I changed the strings on the Baritone to be a ukulele..so this Mandolin has a very thin neck,  ( Maybe 1.25 width)  I have watched videos of other people playing and their necks  look wider, this is hard to fat finger ( yea I have fat fingers).My initial problem is this thing doesnt come delivered anywhere close to ready to go, the Saddle moves, is not hard mounted and has height adjusters..so once  I figured that out, and also put some 3 in 1 oil on the nut so when tuning the strings dont drag ( whether this is right or wrong I dont know, I did it regardless)I measured from the nut to the 12th fret, then the 12th fret to the Saddle and moved the saddle so both measurements were really close, if you are having tuning trouble withe yours, I bet this is the problem,,  with your Tuner set your strings Tight,,  that was another problem, this thing should twang high pitched, like the dude in the Geico commericals ( Again on You tube someone posted videos of tuning )  I also read buy a very stiff pick,  not for me,  I guess I am not gentle and smashed the strings,, couldnt keep the pick in my fingers. so I use a light one, the grounds for using the stiff was the pick will not bend and create delay I guess between the two strings ( same note), the light weight one  works well for me, ( when I do pick this thing up )it is not hard to tune, I use my Ukulele Snarks, and pick one string at a time,  it is a cute guitar regardless and I saw one for sale Used at Guitar Center for 75 bucks, same one.if you are someone who can play guitar,  this might be fun,, I suck at it, I pretty much suck at Ukulele playing too but manage to play rock tunes that actually sound like something..I might some day figure out how to tune it like a ukulele but you can play songs with three to four chords,  good luck. overallrating 4   lineend
name this guy review The mandolin arrived on time and came in a box within a box where the mandolin was wrapped. There was no damage to it and none of the tuning pegs broke. I tuned it pretty easily and was able to figure out some simple songs.I removed the pick guard because I really didn't like how it looked and it looks fine without it. The strings that come with it work fine and none snapped. Even if you end up not wanting to play it, you can always hang it somewhere because it looks nicer than I would have expected. The only problem I have is that the two G chords do not fit completely in the nut but i have heard that you can adjust it so it fits properly. I got this because I really enjoy the sound of a mandolin and the price is amazingly cheap. Also, another difficulty I had was that the tailpiece comes off easier than it goes back on. If you are interested in the mandolin definately get this to try it out. overallrating 5   lineend
name Uriah Rose II review  I got one of these years ago as a starter mandolin. Do they sound as good as a 5K Gibson F5? Not hardly. Do they sound good for a 40-50 dollar Chinese built instrument out of the cheapest materials they could find? Actually, yeah, they do. This is one of those instruments where a case can cost as much or more then it does so I wouldn't worry about that. When you get it, the action is likely to be high and if you can't lower the bridge enough with the wheels it's easy enough to sand some off the bottom. Also, like most cheap instruments the strings that are on it are trash. Just throw them out or strangle the cat with them or something. Decent strings don't cost very much.Depending on what they sent you and how the labor force was the day it was built, you actually might have a piece of firewood or a pretty playable (after you fix the bridge and strings...) little instrument. The hardware isn't the best and the tuners suck but hey, if you're just starting out, tuning is part of the game.For $49.99 (and I've seen new ones 10 bucks less from time to time) it's worth the investment. You can spend more on dinner and a movie, and after you ate and watched the flick, it's gone. With the money spent here, you'll have something to keep you entertained until it falls apart and that will be much longer then one evening. My 7 year old boy owns mine now and he beats the hell out of it, so far, so good. It's been holding up well.BTW, if $49.99 breaks you, and you discover lessons cost more then your mandolin (been there), since you're here reading this, that means you're on the net and you can get plenty of starter lessons on youtube that will get you going, after that, you can find MANY good books/cds/dvds that will help you along even further and one day you'll get a better instrument. I'm actually thinking of getting another one to beat around on so I don't take the chance of ruining my good one while camping or whatever, and if I get cold and run out of wood, these are almost cheap enough to burn.One thing you may or may not know is the resale value on these. If you go to certain online classifieds (CL coughcoughcough) you'll notice people ask 50 bucks or MORE for these, sometimes over 100. USED. Same with pawnshops, and those people know what these cost new. This is one of the few cases where I'd buy new over used. If you decide to sell it and as long as it's not in pieces it'll still bring 20-30 bucks used so you won't be out much, but really, it's a good servicable instrument with a little work, but if you're lucky it might actually be set up right when you get it. Again though, not that big a deal to fix if it's not.Oh, as stated elsewhere these don't have trussrods. That's not bad in itself. You'd be surprised how many mandolins didn't have them years ago and alot of them are still around. Even from some big makers. If the neck warps in a year or two, no big deal, you got your moneys worth. Mines been kicking around for awhile, and the last year a 7 year old (6 at the time) has been beating on it and I can still pick it up, tune it and play it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Adam review I'm a beginner ukulele player, and I bought one of the cheap ukulele's here on Amazon. It didn't sound very good, and I didn't know if it was the instrument or the strings. It was the strings, and I'm very glad I replaced them with these strings. They make my ukulele sound like it should, and it holds tuning pretty well. I'm very happy with the purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fletcher Chambers Jr. review Don't panic, strings marked A/D/F#/B CAN be used just fine for G/C/E/A tuning... They don't seem to be quite as nice as the comparable Aquilas, but they're half the price... They were for a $20 uke... (And yeah, new $4 strings do improve the sound on a $20 uke!). overallrating 4   lineend
name fretter review Addario strings are ok.. Although like beauty it is in the eyes of the beholder... Aquila seems to be the most popular now. I have used both and I am satisfied with both...I play the soprano, concert, tenor, and baritone. Each one different in it on right...Also play the the concert scale banjolele.. Only been playing the uke for 5 years and the banjo for 10 so it is only IMHO.  Be aware though that 10 years experience can mean 1 year experience 10 times:)))) overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  These are great strings for such a \"rare\" instrument. Not many people play the baritone yuke - it has a unique quality to it, sort of like a miniature classical guitar. These strings sound full and warm on the instrument. overallrating 5   lineend
name jimmpannzee review I wanted a black ukulele string to replace the stock strings for my yellow makala dolphin. These will work for soprano. The J53 is a good investment for under 6 bucks. They provide enough string to change your ukulele twice over and feels nice to play. Increases projection and tone to any stock strings. Not the best, not the worse strings, but an improvement. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark review Bought these strings as a replacement to ones that came with my ukulele (the originals only lasted a week).  These D'Addario's have worn quite well and still sound excellent.  Great strings! overallrating 5   lineend
name Nunya Biz review First off, I'm NO ukulele expert. That being said: I replaced the original strings on my newMahalo U-35PK Sparkling Soprano Ukulele Outfit in Pinkwith these. I know they stated Concert, however, reading up on this, they can still be used on a soprano or standard uke. Immediately I noticed a difference in sound on these strings. Like another reviewer said, it's not going to perform miracles on a cheap uke, but it sure helped out a lot. The sound is quite a bit louder and so much brighter as well. I'm loving the sound. Also, I really like the way they look on my pink uke; it's a nice touch.  I would definitely recommend these. overallrating 4   lineend
name Richard review  while learning how to read these things better,, I picked these up,  I need to read better becaseu I have 4 Ukuleles,. all different size and right now my tenor has a wound string on the third string,  so now I am more careful with buying strings, not that a wound is bad, I just suck at playing, my  concert is my favorite and just discovered that it fits in the case I bought for my soprano and I can take it on travel.. overallrating 5   lineend
name TWM review So while I got this for my soprano ukulele... they fit fine. Not much to say really other then they are good strings and work. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wm review The most annoying thing about modern ideas in Ukulele strings, or indeed in Guitar strings, is to wind them with aluminum wire - making at the least a black deposit of aluminum on my hands, or at worst, cognitive damage skin contact with them. These rather inexpensive strings are not aluminum wound, but are silver plate wound - no health problems possible from strings makes them the best. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I've tried a lot of strings and these are my favorites, although I use the heavier MLT 2036 strings sometimes.These ones bend easier. The heavier ones have a better low end and buzz less.Both last as well as the more expensive Ball and Gore (elixir), coated strings I have used.And I like the sound better. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob B review  I tried the Dean Markley Blue Steel Light accoustic strings on my Takamine guitar, and will soon replace them.  On quality control, the high E steel string in the set looks bad with dark spots on it, two of which show after stringing the guitar.  String did not break as I rather expected, but it looks bad.  On sound, these seemed okay at first, but I still find it hard to keep in tune after a week, especially the high B and E steel strings, which just don't sound that good to me.  And I find the low E wound string notes tend to be too high as I move up the neck, more so than other sets I have used.Guess I'll go back to D'Addario and Ernie Ball. overallrating 2   lineend
name Jonah Koonce review As old strings slowly start to stretch and wear out, you hardly notice the sound quality deteriorate. But it's important to replace them every month or two, even if you hear no problem with the current strings. Playing on fresh strings is the best experience ever!These Blue Steel light strings sound like gold. The crisp and solid vibration is just top notch! Probably better than any other light strings I've bought. They needed to be tuned often before they settled in, but all new strings do. I haven't used them long enough to give a review on how well they hold up, but I'll be updating in a month or so. So far, they are great. Definitely recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name Loren Shirk review Best strings ever overallrating 5   lineend
name Network13 review Strung these up on a Seagull guitar to replace some strings that were several years old and the gauge and action of the guitar killed my fingers so it didn't get played much. These strings feel great and sound fantastic. Very bright defined highs and great rumbling lows. overallrating 5   lineend
name Papa review Nothing sounds as bright as these strings. I've tried many, and these are the best by far. I know, cause I play'em geetar real good-like. overallrating 5   lineend
name santos review this strings are just for starters because they feel really light but sound too weird so if u want to buy a really good for pro please but martin overallrating 4   lineend
name tj review They sound great. They helped revive an old acoustic guitar that had been buried in a closet for years (along with a very thorough cleaning). I don't have any opinion on the review  ers. I honestly didn't notice anything different. I bought them because I wanted great strings on an old cheap guitar in order to get the best sound possible. These strings did that just fine. The guitar now sounds great. Job completed. overallrating 5   lineend
name crazy finger magic review If you expect to get what you pay for, prepare to be disappointed. Sounds weak. Sounds old. Sounds worn. Sounds dull. I wanted to experience a new brand on my Stratocaster. I can afford to pay twice as much. But I am going to keep using my D'adario Strings from now on. I am so disappointed. These strings are for the &#34;campfire guitarist&#34; not the aggressive picking thrilling, tapping, pull offs, or sweepers. If you are a tone fanatic keep looking. If your guitar deserves the best, do not betray your instrument or insult your tube amp with these strings. Respect your GUITAR.  I wouldn't be surprised if they are made from China. overallrating 2   lineend
name D. Jones review  I just had a guitar setup with DR Pure Blues 9's and they sound pretty good but they are a bit stiff.I've also noticed a bit of what I must presume is the nickel coating seems to come off on my fingertips after practicing for an hour or so.It almost looks like graphite on my fingers but it is nowhere near as \"black\" as the oxidation I've seen from low-quality strings.They also seem to have more \"string squeak\" when changing chords than other brands - even after generously spritzing them withFingerease Guitar String LubricantI am not qualified to say if they truly give you that \"vintage tone\" but they do sound decent.However, for $6 I would rather getDean Markley Blue Steel LT 2552 Electric Guitar Strings ( 09- 42)or save some money and go withD'Addario EXL120 Electric Guitar Strings, Super Light, 9-42.EvenErnie Ball Super Slinky String Set (9 - 42)seem to feel better to me, but I am a Da-Dairy-O man, for now. overallrating 3   lineend
name DMGenest | review  What can I say that has not been said about the other DRs that I have used. They rock, roll, andbend with the greatest of ease; once broken in, of course. If you want a mellower, bluesier stringwith decent sustain try DR Pure Blues.I decided to use 9's on my Fender Tele hollow-body because the company puts 9s on their guitars.I didn't want to worry about the nut being the wrong size and causing untold noises so I stuckwith the 9s. Hey, the Rev uses 7's; size does not matter when it comes to strings and tone.The other reason for the Pure Nickels was to tone down the ice pickiness one can get from P-90pick ups. Pure Nickels seem to mellow that out for me a bit. One more reason is that nickel iseasier on your frets; which is a good thing. Steel will wear down your frets a lot faster.I will say that my very first set of DR Pure Blues went bad after a few weeks. The windings brokeon the D-string at two places where the string fretted. The reason I kept going back to DR Bluesis that I have not had one problem on any of my electric guitars (4 solid bodies & another hollow-body) since then. Giving DR a second chance convinced me they will last and that my very firstuse in 2010 was a fluke.If you want strings that are an easier bend than steel or steel core nickels go with DR Pure Blues.Allegedly they are supposed to help give you vintage tone. This is because prior to the mid-40'smost strings were made of nickel. During WWII nickel was in short supply and so steel was used tomake the strings. Or so the historical theory goes.Gradually nickel wrapped steel strings and then pure nickel strings came back into vogue as playersbegan searching for the old vintage sound. To achieve the \"vintage\" tone I am sure you would alsoneed the right amp AND the right touch to get to that point. I am not necessarily looking for a\"vintage\" tone but love how easily these strings bend and how long they last. Your exact mileagemay differ.I have also never had anything rub off of the strings onto my fingers. The only time I get my fingersdirty is after oiling the fret board. There is usually is some residual oil left no matter how much I wipethe fret board. Definitely not the strings though. I have also never heard any string-squeak from thestrings that would give me pause either. Any string, even on acoustic, will squeak occasionally. Withan electric who knows if the pickups were set too high, or the nut is not cut right, or the wrong sizestring is used for the nut.Well there you go; what I have experienced with DR Pure Blues Nickel Wrap Round Core strings. I willalso say that on guitar forums that I frequent more people are giving DR kudos on their customerservice as well as their strings. So if you do get a bum string give them a holler. Now get out thereand play your heart out. Oh and how about working on that \"vintage\" tone while you are at it.Have fun. overallrating 5   lineend
name jamie review I thought something was drastically wrong with my guitar but it was these strings, they buzzed and move so much they hit every metal on every fret. overallrating 1   lineend
name MetalFan review I read good reviews about these strings on mylespaul.com and around the web and bought a set locally for the same price. I usually use DR Tite Fits, but these made me change for good They have a lot of mids and bass and make for a great chunky blues and classic rock sound with P90's. I also used a set on a single coil stray cigar box guitar I built and they give a lot of resonance and life to the old box and cheapo pickup. I will buy another set, DR strings never disappoint. overallrating 5   lineend
name CaptAdams35 review I put these in my Ibanez EW acoustic-electric as a cosmetic upgrade and the tone and sustain is absolutely amazing, not to mention they look fantastic. They fit like they were made for this bridge but rubbed a bit of pine tar in the holes with a q-tip to make sure they seated fully. Absolutely tickled with the look and performance. VERY HIGHLY RECOMMEND overallrating 5   lineend
name Damien Esmond review I automatically put these on any guitar I own as soon as I buy it, I change strings and toss those white plastic pins.  Makes any guitar look so much classier!  I swear there is a slight increase in the richness of the tone too!  Phenominal value,  tons of bang for the buck  They look SOOOO good on there...  Installed easily in 3 different guitars so far. overallrating 5   lineend
name David H. Bailey review I hadn't thought about it before buying these bridge pins, but metal pins apparently add a bit of brilliance to the tone of my Alvarez-Yairi guitar, so it's a great bonus!  I bought them because my original plastic bridge pins were snapping and I didn't like the plastic ones available at a local music store. I'm very happy I bought them! overallrating 5   lineend
name Garyb review Adds a little sustain and they look sharp, but not gaudy, put them on my Martin D-35, Epiphone AJ 220SCE and Washburn Travel Series RO10TR ,,,, nice. overallrating 5   lineend
name jimmytt review These look great on my guitar. I was hoping these would help make my guitar sound brighter but defiantly didn't. I would recommend these they look great. The ones I got look almost exactly as the ones in the picture. overallrating 4   lineend
name LARRY review I use these pins on some of my 3/4 size guitars. Not really sure if I can notice a difference in sound between these, plastic, or ebony pins that I have but they are attractive and certainly appear to be different. overallrating 5   lineend
name medialint review I put these on my \"campfire acoustic\" Black Yamaha F335 and they look stunning. The tone seems slightly brighter, however, I go through strings pretty fast so a lot of the difference I am hearing is admittedly likely a result of going from dead strings to new strings. Since they are replacing plastic pins I am going to skip scientific analysis and give you a subjective \"sounds good\".These pins are a little thin (small) so they may slide out of the hole easier than the ones they are replacing. If you need to this should be remedied handily by applying a small amount of tape to the pins. This may not be necessary, however, even if they are slightly loose because the pins when used correctly are not a wedge to keep the string in the hole. The string should go all the way through the hole, into the body of the guitar. Insert the string so that you are sure the ball is inside the body at least a few inches, if possible it should be listing toward the neck. Then insert the pin with the slot facing the neck and push it in firmly. Unless you have really thick strings these slots should be ample for this. Then gently pull the string tight making sure that the ball does not grab the end of the pin. Instead it should be up against the body of the guitar and stopped from escaping back up the hole by the pin. The pin itself should not really be holding it in place all on its own. Usually the pins popping out are because the ball is actually hooked onto the end of the pin and is pulling it up out of the hole. If you avoid this you should also avoid the frustrating mishap of having the pin come flying out and poking you in the eye while you're trying to get your guitar in tune (typically ruining a brand new string in the process). If you can get your hand inside the guitar and feel the ball end of the string you should be able to feel how it it sitting against the body (correctly) or hanging on the pin (incorrectly). Also your tone and tuning stability will be improved by making sure you have a proper string installation.These fit my guitar snugly but not tightly, however I do not have problems with them popping out despite the fact that I do a lot of string bending a whole step or more (sometimes using two fingers' strength to bend that far). Overall I am quite pleased with these. overallrating 5   lineend
name P. Hublein review Impressed with this set, I installed them today and have been playing for a few hours. My wife thinks my guitar looks better now, and I agree. Im not sure if they are supposed to be flush, and they stick out just a little bit but they have not popped out. I think my guitars tone has improved a little too, but I also installed new strings. Qualtiy is way better then the plastic pins! overallrating 4   lineend
name Sabrehagn review These pins are amazing. One u never have to worry about breaking them. They look really nice and they do add noticeable sustain. Very cool. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review It works really well and it's really thin. It's thinner than i thought. The price it's about right. I needed only 3 of these but since if you buy one at the time is more expensive than to buy the box i got this. overallrating 4   lineend
name An Engineer review These are really great bang for the buck, however, like many people said, they do not work well for all my pedals, round ends don't fit in everything.I mean these are cables.. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bill Lewey review  compact heads allow more pedals to be loaded onto your overpriced pedal board.  the quality is good. I like how they are easy to take apart and modify and put together again.  very handy for making it all just right.  I will buy these again for sure. overallrating 5   lineend
name BRIAN HICKS review Hosa, has good cables. I use them between my guitar effects pedals and then a 5 footer from effects to the amp. Had them over two months a they work great. overallrating 5   lineend
name cassandra tu review  Defiantly a space saver. I can put all of my effects side to side ad hook em up with these patch cables. It's very convenient that they are angled like so, for low profile fits. My only complaint is that they easily fall out of the socket if you jostle them too much. overallrating 5   lineend
name chris review These are very good quality in spite of their reasonable price. I love the flat, low profile, right angle plugs. My only complaint is I needed some in varying lengths (like 15&#34;) and so I had to order the Planet waves kit to make my own to finish the pedalboard. overallrating 5   lineend
name Coffee Infusion review  I've never had a problem with these patch cables. I'm running 6 pedals and no issues like crackling or cutting out.One thing that is important to note is that I'm not hard on my gear. I'm a home noodler, so I can't say if these patches can take road/stage abuse and lots of setup/tear-down cycles. They seem pretty buff and capable, but I can only report what I've experienced. overallrating 5   lineend
name Douglas Kelban review These are sturdy, just the right length, and the design means that you can save space in arranging your effects pedals, with enough length and flexibility to arrange them in a semicircle if, like me, you have a lot of pedals. overallrating 5   lineend
name guitarman6730 review all 12 of mine broke within a year and the jacks got bent pretty easily. so I switched back to the plastic ones which have lasted me over 2 yearsHosa CFS606 6 Inch Right Angle FX Pedal Cable, 6 Packand they are still going strong. overallrating 3   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  I use these patch cables on my pedal board and they save valuable space. They work well and I haven't had any problems with any of them shorting out or making static or other noises. I highly recommend them. Plus, they look nice, unlike the various colors that come with the bulkier, cheaper 1' cords. overallrating 5   lineend
name hgprs review  These are thin. They allow getting your pedals very close to each other, and let you optimize your pedal board space. I had other cables on my pedal boards. I replaced everything with those. overallrating 4   lineend
name kannibul review Going to these from what I was using, I can fit 2 more pedals on my pedalboard, so mission accomplished! overallrating 5   lineend
name knup0127 review I love these patch cables.  They can be serviced if need be, but mine have never needed it.  I've ordered about 3 batches of these guys and I would order them again in the instance that my already excessive pedalboard where to become more complex.  The length of the cable presents limitations that should be expected, and the bulb on the ends may be an issue in tight squeezes.  However there are many cables of much lesser value, which are unserviceable in the event of a breakdown. overallrating 5   lineend
name Levi Cannon review Simple. Solid. Compact. Convenient. Audio quality is unchanged from my no name metal patch cables. For the money, you can't beat a six pack of these to open up some extra space on your board and clean it up a bit. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ray Mond review Once you setup your pedalboard... that's it, you aren't going to move, stretch, or step on these cables...so the fact that they are lighter weight is really not an issue.  They do however allow you to make the most use of the space on yourpedalboard... packing your pedals side by side without staggering like larger heavier cables require. overallrating 4   lineend
name S. review Just be aware that the ends are so big that some vertical input boxes, like my Danelectro Fish and Chips, can't be used with these cables because the input and output are too close together. overallrating 4   lineend
name synthezatory review I've had it for almost 3 years now.. not a single problem! I've changed my setup like crazy, sometimes even the cables had to be twisted in some certain position on a pedalboard. Been bent on the edge of the cable right before the connector, been pulled (normal way) and stomped, never a single cut offs on the connection.Don't worry too much about cables like a sissy bedroom princess guitarists, you're using od/distortion pedals anyway right? If you're a purist, don't ever use a pedals or even electric guitar. Good luck! overallrating 5   lineend
name Todd A. Hooper review They have good ends, they do feel a little flimsy on the cord side of things. They have good signal though and don't seem to alter the tone. I have them all on my pedalboard now so time will tell if they hold up or not. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review Well, i have another Strap that looks like this one, but i can tell you that this is cheaper on the materials. Anyway, it does what is supposed to do and i'm happy with it, i wasn't looking for anything expensive, but this works really good... If you want something to just practice with this is what  you should get. I recommend it! overallrating 3   lineend
name Astraeus review Hands down, in my opinion these are by far the best guitar straps you can get. I have a few of planet waves different designs for these, all on my electrics. I have an acoustic-electric Ibanez but the strap wouldn't fit, however the strap wasn't purchased for the acoustic - I was just trying it on all of my different guitars for reviewers sake.If you're considering buying this, just do it. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Clark review I bought one of these in the beginning - just to have something - as this is better than having nothing at all - but it's certainly nothing special. The material and the skinny width was uncomfortable for me and exacerbated my neck pain, so I only used it for a very short time.On the other hand, if you have a nice guitar that you really take great care of, then you'll probably want to invest in a much nicer strap at some point. I upgraded to a really nice 3&#34; wide black leather Levy's guitar strap - which is five stars all the way.If you're a newbie and don't have a strap, and are on a tight budget and need something, then this Planet waves strap will probably work for you - till you can upgrade to something nicer and more comfortable to wear. Just my 2 cents. overallrating 2   lineend
name ben review I typically use dimarzio cliplocks on all my basses and electric guitars. they work very well for my needs.  however, I bought a junker bass for outdoor gigs and to play at places where i don't care what happens to the gear.  This strap is perfect for those needs. A nice nylon and the lock works wellBUTthe locking portion might be a little thick for some strap buttons. It works on the bass i use it on, but not my Gibson SG, so be aware. I would buy more of these if i needed a cheap strap. overallrating 4   lineend
name bobatious review I like this almost as well as the Ernie Ball alternative I've been using for 20+ years with Shaler strap locks.These work the same bu the ends are styled a little differently. You may or may not love the details but they work just fine and to me are extremely comfortable. overallrating 4   lineend
name Brynn review I only recently started playing the guitar, and as a beginner, I wanted to get a less expensive strap to go with my less expensive guitar.This one came at a great price and it's sturdy enough for me, so I think this is very decent strap for the price I paid for it.  It's quite comfortable to wear and adjusts very easily. overallrating 5   lineend
name Calvin Young review This strap replaces another one just like it which I use with an acoustic guitar for giving lessons.  For stage I like something heavier.  Good quality.  The holes work with my strap buttons okay.  My lower button is an output jack for an after-market pickup which is wider than a normal strap button.  But this strap works okay with it.  It just takes a little more force to get it on which I'm sure will go away over time with use.  Great price for a simple strap at around $5. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris review I bought this during the Black Friday sale. The price was right, since if I was dissatisfied then I wouldn't be out that much money.Quality product. Well worth the purchase. I would recommend this. overallrating 5   lineend
name Constantinople review Material is similar to my messenger bag's strap. Reasonably comfortable, but I don't want it cutting into my neck. Does not go short enough for one of my smaller ukes, a rubber band or spare capo is enough to fix that. overallrating 4   lineend
name Craig Brubaker review  Bought this with my first guitar just to have anything to hang it from. It does the job. Nothing at all fancy about this strap. Two faux leather ends, some nylon web and a triglide. Will do the job until you find the one of your dreams. overallrating 3   lineend
name Dan review If all you're looking for is an inexpensive way to hang your guitar, until you can afford a good quality leather strap, this is it. The quality and function of the strap is actually better than I expected, for the amount paid. overallrating 5   lineend
name David L. Bacon review I got two of these but wish I had got better ones. Using them on the Black thinline and the Washburn classical. overallrating 3   lineend
name David W review  Bought this for one of my cheaper guitars and it does the job.  It adjusts easily and doesn't look bad either overallrating 5   lineend
name Delta Echo review My experience with these straps has been great.  The polyester material is sturdy and comfortable, the leather post binding is sturdy and easy to use.  The straps have PET/ABS buckles and are easily adjusted.  I've not experienced any issues with the buckles breaking.Note: It is possible that this material can become brittle if stored in high heat (a car trunk or in sunlight within a hot car), but that problem isn't a manufacturing defect so much as a material deficit.For the price, the functionality is excellent.  If you are looking for a product for an everyday use guitar, with little investment or maintenance, this is it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Eric A. Rogers review I have this on a green guitar with a green pickguard and black hardware. I think it looks great and I wish I could upload pictures! overallrating 5   lineend
name grandpa review  very comfortable, lightweight, strong. Good stitching, leather ends and adjustable for short or tall. Affordable and comes in many colors. overallrating 5   lineend
name Harry An review  Works perfectly for me, it does got a nice made.Plus nothing could beat its price, so, get it! overallrating 5   lineend
name hcross review I have a Taylor 710ce and this strap had to be forced over the top connection near the neck of the guitar. Rather than ruin the finish of the guitar I just got a different strap. Plus the nylon slips very easy which is not a plus for me since I had to keep correcting the position of the guitar to where I liked it to play. If the nylon is not a problem for you and the ends fit over your guitar this strap is very well made. overallrating 2   lineend
name Heather McRae review Good basic strap.  It's not fancy, but it doesn't need to be.  By being just plain black, it tends not to detract from the good looks of the five string bass it's used on. overallrating 5   lineend
name James L. Maxey review I was a little skeptical having used other strap lock systems. But I took a chance & this works well on my LP! The strap lock was well thought out and seems to have no weak spots. I really like it! overallrating 5   lineend
name jason review get strap for the price, does what it is supposed to do and is comfortable too. glad i purchased it overallrating 5   lineend
name jayjustin review i like this very much,because i can't love a polypropylene guitar strap,,,if you have a neck and a guitar,then you are in business!!! (you really can't ask more than that from a strap) it feels fine,and if you have a bedazzler you can write your name on it...me, not so much,i'll just leave it hang!!! overallrating 4   lineend
name JETPILOT review I bought this strap for a ESP EC-1000 Les Paul style guitar.  I was a little apprehensive before ordering considering the cheap price. When I got the strap I was impressed. The locks work perfectly and fits my guitar. The back of the buckles are covered with foam so that they don't harm the finish on your guitar. Locks are solid and ratchet closed with a release button to open. It's not going to unlock on you. Strap would be more comfortable with a shoulder pad as the strap is nylon with no padding. Good strap for sitting down or playing standing short gigs with a light guitar. Long shows with a heavy axe might not be too comfortable. overallrating 4   lineend
name john review Bought this strap for my acoustic guitar however the neck button was to close to the neck for the wide locking device at the end of the strap. Nicely made and works well to retain strap to guitar. overallrating 4   lineend
name J. Ralston review Kind of cheap and digs into the neck a bit but I only use it for walking around the house strumming when I am playing my secondary guitars.  It's fine for the price. overallrating 3   lineend
name Jr Fentress review  You know, I love the locking mechanisms on these guitar straps.  I own one of these (in differing colors and textures) for eack of my guitars.  I no longer experience the problem of the strap coming off while I'm playing.  That prevents a lot of damage. overallrating 4   lineend
name jschristian44 review This is a very very nice guitar strap.  Comes with dual locking strap holes on each end.  Very nice for creating a great grip on your guitar so they won't fall off.  I originally bought the cheaper version and sent it back and got this one.  Very good for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Harriger review  s, I feel I got a different product, as it didn't fit the descriptions given by others. I ordered two of these, and both were very thin material, not sturdy at all. Second, both straps were not adjustable to 59&#34;. Both mine measured 45&#34; from strap button hole to strap button hole, fully-extended. They are useless to me, as my guitar, a dreadnought, covers the middle of my chest when I put it on. I believe I was given a substitute product, since when I ordered these straps, the price was just $1 0, and now they're back up to $4.95 as I write this. I'm really sick of these Amazon substitutions. For what I paid, I won't bother returning them...not worth the hassle. I will donate them to a local music teacher who has students with smaller guitars. Very disappointed. Warning...if you see a price drop below $4.95, don't buy...it's probably not the product that's described here. overallrating 1   lineend
name kodiakcowboy review I had been having lots of trouble with my guitars falling from the leather ended straps.  Not any more.  These locking ends are the ticket!  They are quick to release and adjust, and fit very well.  They are bulky when putting the guitar in a case, but I just leave them on.  The strap itself is plain, but it highlights the beauty of my guitar.  It's a must for any rambunctious guitar player. overallrating 5   lineend
name LBrandst129 review  Pretty basic strap, but durable and works for me.  The only thing I noticed is I think that one of the end pieces was attached with the stitching on the wrong side, but it's just a picky detail. overallrating 4   lineend
name Linda Noullet review If you want a strap for $5 you can't expect the moon. I bought this along with 2 other straps of higher price. This is simple. I would not want to use it with a tank top on (or for guys on skin) because it is stiff and not \"comfy\" but it is practical and works well. The leather ends fit securely on to my guitar snaps. Both ends are the same - leather. (one of my straps has a string on the end - this kind does not - it is made for the snaps)No bells or whistles but I would recommend it for the price. overallrating 4   lineend
name Marc review This strap seemed a little awkward at first, but after a rigorous six month evaluation it's become my go-to strap.I currently have it locked to a Fender Strat and experience NO problems with the strap ends rubbing against the body of the guitar.  Although the strap ends are light plastic, they've held up well.  The nylon strap itself has held up well with no fraying or noticeable wear.  The nylon isn't that soft, so if you are that guy who insists on playing shirtless then this may not be the strap for you.It will lock to most standard strap ends, if the body of your guitar allows it.  I wasn't all that happy with this strap connected to a Les Paul. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mason K review This strap is not a bad one, but it just did not fit my guitar, so that is the only problem. I have a classical guitar and sadly, this strap does not fit it. overallrating 3   lineend
name Michael Haller review  It won't slip. It won't miss. It won't a guitar break. You can count on Planet Waves' quality. I like it's simplicity and reliability. - Michael Haller, 'Captain Soul's Sound Circus' overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike review It's a strap.  It's pretty well made.  It holds your guitar on your body so you can play it.  It costs $5 or less delivered...what more could you ask for in a strap???  There may be better ones out there, but at more $$ and this does the same thing. overallrating 5   lineend
name M. M. Jackson review Spend a few more bucks and get a padded one. This one is comfortable for 10 mins then it's cramp time. Just save yourself the hassle, this one is too cheap to return and while it's \"OK\" it's not great for long-term playing. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mr. GrvThang review These Planet Waves locking straps work very well on most guitars with standard-size strap pins.  Once locked, they're not going anywhere.  What you need to be careful about is that you have to use some common sense - the locking end, once fastened, can act as a lever to pull the pin out of the guitar if pressure is put on it a certain way.  For this reason, you would want to be careful when using it on acoustic, hollow, or semi-hollow guitars.  And I certainly wouldn't keep this strap on a guitar when it's going to be carried in a gig bag.  Keeping this in mind, these straps are an efficient, inexpensive way to be sure your guitar won't break loose of its strap. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mustafa M. review Good design, good price, smart locking mechanism, great for classic, accustic and light electric guitars overallrating 5   lineend
name patriotsarebest review Good for a cheap beginner strap used for sitdown practice.This was my first guitar strap i had ever bought. I didnt really care about quality i just needed a strap to get by. Over the 6 months ive had it i took it off my electric guitar and put it on a new electric acoustic I recently got and it keeps popping off. This is a problem is standing up playing at a gig or just around your house. The guitar could take that head dive of death, while one dive might not do too much damage a few might crack the neck or worse.My Advice: unless you plan to sit and play (which you wont really need a strap anyways) the whole time, spend alittle more to get a leather strap. Spending more on a leather strap will help avoid hole stretching and the popping off of the strap in mid play. overallrating 2   lineend
name paul day review this is a good product. its not the best strap but, for what i paid for it, its well worth it. ive had it for about a month and so far it seems to be holding up very well. this is a great product for a beginer. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pen Name review I got an ernie ball strap instead of a planet waves strap overallrating 3   lineend
name RAYON ORMOND review These are great guitar straps at a very reasonable price!! I bought 2 to try them out, and I intend on buying more!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Skyeye review This is a good quality strap!  It is wide and has leather ends.  It fits my Les Paul 100 just fine and I am sure it willlast a long time with normal use.Can't go wrong for the price! overallrating 5   lineend
name Stephen review This is not my first Planet Waves locking strap. They have never failed. Though the selection of colors and widths are very, very limited, it will keep your guitar secure if you can live with those limitations. Obviously if you have your heart on a certain strap other than these then go ahead and purchase straplocks. But for me these work just fine. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Superlead777 review This is a Palnet Waves and just as good as the more expensive ones.Material is rougher,but that's a good thing. overallrating 5   lineend
name The SARGE! review  Looks good.  Great quality for such a low price.  Fits the instrument, (and old Mexican acoustic), and feels comfortable.  They arrived before the promised delivery date. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tom review It fits good and came in the color i expected. But there was one thing wrong. The strap had a small stain. I don't know why? It said it was brand new. But maybe not. overallrating 3   lineend
name TWM review Works well for my guitar. It holds where I left it over a year ago. I don't use it all that often though... overallrating 5   lineend
name Vensez review The threads can sometimes come undone slightly and make you itch if they come in contact with skin, but it's still a great strap and holds up solidly. Would certainly buy again. overallrating 4   lineend
name B. Shumway review I bought pedal power 2 in order to use on my latest board build. This works perfectly and is actually fairly small for a power supply. I would say it is just a bit bigger than a pedal. It was easy enough to connect all my pedals and run the cables. My board looks great, works well, and I love this power supply overallrating 5   lineend
name Dako review  Sure it's a bit pricey, but I think having a top-notch power supply for your pedalboard is priceless. Just being able to do away with a power strip or two full of wall warts is amazing in itself. The fact thing this cuts down on floor noise AND conditions your power supply too? Sign me up. Pair this up with a Pedaltrain board, and you've got yourself a sweet setup. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ethan Paulson review Great universal power supply for your pedals, and the ability to mount it under your board makes it awesome. I have two of these that I mount under my board and they power all my pedals perfectly. Would highly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a unit to power all their pedals with, and you won't get any noise interference with its isolated outputs. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lloyd S. Richardson review This device is the best you can buy.  There is nothing negative to write about it if you put the slightly high price aside.  Zero noise.  Indestructible casing.  If you are reading this review, you are considering investing in the best you can buy for your rig.  Do it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Nike review Come with all cables needed.Solid and very much worth the money im very happy with this purchase no regrets at all. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sam review This power supply is great for me. I attached it underneath my Pedal train and it works great. The 2 knobs you see on it can &#34;Sag&#34; the power to be less voltage. You can get your pedal to sound as if it has a dying battery in it. overallrating 5   lineend
name The Den review This is a great product that does what it says. It's a tad pricey, but all in all well worth it. My only complaint is that it's not labeled in a way that you can identify what outlet is what when it's mounted in a pedal train... other than that, it's a great device! overallrating 5   lineend
name T. Murphy review This is simply the best power supply out there!  Everything is so quiet, with no hum.....powered perfectly.  Although I don't use all the options (such as the SAG option, and different voltage options, etc), it's great to have them available to me.  I'd LOVE two more ports........but I guess you can't have it all! overallrating 5   lineend
name A F&amp;T review I haven't used this yet, but it seems solid and idiot proof - just like I need. Play coffee shops and will help if I drop my pick. Very good price. overallrating 4   lineend
name David J. Huber review  Not much to say - it's a pic holder that attaches to a music/mic stand and holds pics.As advertised, it does indeed attach nicely and easily and snugly to my music/mic stands, and it does, in fact, snuggly and easily hold pics.Well worth the small cost. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ethan Paulson review Allows me to keep picks on my mic stand for quick access if I need to grab a new one or drop one. Fits nice and snug on the mic stand and the picks are also snug into the holder. Would recommend to anyone looking for an easy solution to having picks ready to go! overallrating 5   lineend
name frank arcidiacona review It fits nice an tight on mic stand, you can get around ten picks in it, so it's a good product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gregory Madden review singing and playing menas you dont get to bend down and pick up that pick you just dropped. I loved this holder, its small enough to fit in your pocket and when you go on stage just throw it on the mic stand. loved it but i forgot it at a gig, thats the down side of it being so small, easy to lose, but it is awesome overallrating 5   lineend
name GuitarExtreme review I'm rating it 4 stars because although it is able to attach to most mic stands, it doesn't fit them all very well. Opening up for headliners, you basically get given most of your stage gear (minus your own instrument gear) so if you're given a mic stand that has a smaller diameter tube, this will not fit as nicely.  I was playing a couple shows and this thing would slowly slip down the pole (that's what she said).  Usually worked fine. I'll still recommend this wedgie. overallrating 4   lineend
name Hurley review ed.  I went ahead and ordered two and before I even had a chance to buy them, the price dropped by a dollar or so.  They easily fit on your mic stand and save you the hassle of trying to bend over and find your pick once you drop it.  Definitely a smart buy.  Don't play another show without these! overallrating 5   lineend
name Jonah K review Love the security of having my picks within grasp!  Great product and great value! I would highly recommend this to others. overallrating 5   lineend
name lfeez review Not much to say here but is really nice to have around. Hold my picks tight and has them where i need them overallrating 5   lineend
name Linda Noullet review Just exactly as stated, this is a small rubber piece to hook on your mic stand or guitar stand. Holds 6 picks. It is exactly what I wanted for a great price. Thanks!Editing this review to say that today I got a few thin picks and the \"thin\" picks do not hold in this. Mediums do great but the thin fall right out. Fine for me because I will just keep medium in it but just thought it might be helpful information for someone. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ocean Blue review How much can you say about a little piece of rubber that sticks on your mic stand???  First, it a great price - about the same as a Big Mac (LOL).  Second, it fits great & does exactly what it's supposed to do.  Third, now that I use a pick holder I wonder why I never did so before.I do have a tendency to break, drop or even wear-out picks when playing and this handy little device reduces the imnpact of this tendency.  I have some solid / heavier weighted stands that \"stand-up\" to a quick grab of a pick from this holder.  But when using one of my cheaper /lighter tripod-style stands I make sure I'm careful to lightly or barely insert the picks into the holder so I don't pull the whole stand down when extracting a pick.Great product - \"couldn't live without it\" (LOL), and it's NOT the manufacturer's fault I have some cheap light-weight stands....  If you're looking for a pick holder I can't think of any reason not to try this one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Skippy review I'm not a performing musician, so I actually use this on my guitar stand to keep a variety of picks close at hand.  Holds everything from a .5mm nylon pick to a 3.1mm rubber pick, and I have yet to see one fall out.  Simple solution to a simple problem. overallrating 5   lineend
name Texas Buyer review Fits all standard mike stands.Stays where it is supposed to.The perfect accessory for the stage or studio.Will buy some more. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris30542 review This mute allows me to practice without annoying my family and does not harm the violin. It seems well made. overallrating 5   lineend
name Daryl J. Healey review  I really wanted this to work, but it doesn't.  Don't bother,it doesn't mute the strings at all.  One star, just for it getting here on time. overallrating 1   lineend
name happypup review cheap, easy to use, cuts sound 70%.  Ideal for the beginner or those living in an apartment.  Works exactly as described.  If you want 90% sound reduction however you will need a metal mute.  This one works better than the smaller rubber ones. overallrating 5   lineend
name Igor B. review Glaesel Violin Ultra Practice Mute is good tool for your violin. If you are afraid to disturb your neighbors, when you are practicing violin - just buy it. It will put the sound down. It really works. overallrating 5   lineend
name James Tunnicliffe review I works ok but you have to observe a few details when using it.Notice the curve of the Mute and the curve of the top of the bridge.It only is supposed to go on one way, to match the shape of the bridge.Try reversing it and you'll see what I mean.Also, you have to press the mute down almost all the way to the top ofthe bridge, otherwise it won't mute the sound very much.If used correctly, this mute works well. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jerry E. Semler review I am 65 years old and have been taking violin lessons for about nine months.  As you can imagine, I need to practice a LOT!  My wife of 43 years does not enjoy my practicing...especially when I practice monotonous scales.I saw the Glaesel Violin Ultra Practice Mute demonstrated on an online violin instructor's web site.  I love it!  Easy to put on and take off. The rubber won't hurt your violin, bridge or strings. You can barely hear it in the next room.  You can actually control how much the mute actually mutes your violin by raising it a little bit above the bridge.  My violin's tone doesn't change much at all with this mute.Now I can practice all I want without fear of my wife divorcing me! overallrating 5   lineend
name Josiah Springman review Nice to use to muse your violin. A must need to prevent from annoying people while your practicing. Great buy. overallrating 4   lineend
name Kathleen B. Janecka review  Excellent!  Mother's Little Helper!  Highly recommend this item.  It a rubber like stuff and will not damage the instrument. A Must. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael review it doesnt completely mute my violin but i suppose nothing really can, it does take the loud peircing noise out though overallrating 5   lineend
name SnoopGrampyGramps review I can not evaluate the product until the instrument I purchased is repaired or returned.  Sorry,  I had rather not comment until it is used. overallrating 4   lineend
name StudentBern review Really perfect as advertised.  Experienced player might have other choices, but for me, it was easy to use and exactly met its purpose. overallrating 5   lineend
name tj review I bought a Glaesel Bridge & this Glaesel rubber mute together. I bought this because it was cheap and had so many good reviews. The mute fits the bridge fine, but compared to a brass mute (which of course works VERY well) this mute seems to do absolutely nothing. There is almost no discernible difference in playing the violin with or without this mute on. Also, the mute can affect your playing so certain notes screech or stutter or produce other undesirable noises.If You want or need a mute for practicing quietly (as many of us do), I suggest you buy something else. This item does not work and is a total waste of money. I tried this mute on a regular acoustic violin as well as a new Electric Violin bought here on Amazon (FYI, that cheap little electric violin is an awesome & fun item!  Just make sure you buyThe Original Peg Drops by Ardsley& aGlaesel Self-Adjusting 4/4 Violin Bridge Mediumwith it!).I consider this mute completely useless since it does not do anything at all. It does  not  mute or lower the volume of any violin in any noticeable way. overallrating 1   lineend
name Tobias L Merriman review Takes the edge off the violin sound. I keep it on my office violin so I don't disturb my neighbors which is silly because they are honduran spanish instructors and they sing shakira at ridiculous volume constantly..... overallrating 4   lineend
name Wayne review I'm not sure how much I can say about a mute. It's easy to put on and take off, and it does its job. It mutes the violin to a reasonable level.  I used an SPL meter at a distance where a sustained open G string gave a reading of about +2db. With the mute, it dropped to -6db. I then tried a Yamaha silent electric violin (unplugged) and from the same distance, it barely registered. I recalibrated the meter so the muted acoustic violin read about 1db, and the Yamaha read about -6db at that distance and setting.So it won't make your instrument completely silent, and from a purely subjective perspective, it seemed to bring things closer to the silent violin, perhaps seeming about 10 to 20% louder had I not measured it.With accessories, tonal quality is typically important. But with a mute, you expect it to deteriorate. Surprisingly, there was still a lot of tone left, especially compared to the unplugged electric, yet there were no buzzes or other horrible artifacts introduced.You can't expect this to give great sound or complete silence, but it won't disturb the neighbors or their dogs, and it won't make the instrument sound dead. This is about 15 times cheaper than the cheapest silent violin, and the latter will probably sound worse. It's not the ultimate solution for quietness but it lets you stick to your instrument of choice. overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  This pedal is solidly built, and works as advertised.  If you're using it strictly as a volume pedal, it does the job nicely.The only problem with it is when you use it as an expression pedal -- it has no polarity switch for expression output.Plugged into some gear as an expression pedal (my Digitech RP55, for example), the down position is muted and the up position is full volume (the opposite of where it should be), and wah effects are backwards as well.  There's no way to correct this without making your own crossover cable (which requires destroying a perfectly good patch cable). overallrating 4   lineend
name Brock Martin review I got this pedal recently.  All in all, it's a pretty nice device, expecially for the price.  Seems solid and well-made.  It has a nice big pedal for big feet.  It works smoothly.  I have found no drawbacks to the operation or quality of this pedal.  My only gripe, is that the power for the pedal is either by an internal 9V battery, or a 12V plug in power supply.  Why the difference?  The really bad part (for me) is that I bought this to install in a newly-purchased Behringer pedal board, which comes with a 9V power supply.  So, in order for me to use this pedal in the board, I will have to run two different power supplies, or run the pedal on battery and everything else off of the pedalboard's power supply.  [Behringer...this was not thought out very well.]  I'm now in the process of making myself an voltage adapter, but finding all the right parts has proven so far to be a hassle.  Bottom line:  the pedal itself is great, but the power supply thing could be a frustration to you.One final note about Behringer...they seem to get bad marks now and then.  I really don't understand why.  I have two Behringer amps, two of their stomp boxes, the above-mentioned pedal board, and the volume pedal just discussed.  I really like all of them.  I have never had any problem with any of these items.  They perform well, are well made, and certainly, all came at a reasonable price.  Behringer's full range of products is so extensive, that I see little reason to buy any other brand.  I'm sticking with them. overallrating 4   lineend
name C.C. review  The pedal itself works perfectly fine. Using it as a foot pedal controller on my Korg Triton LE.IT SQUEAKS. Needs some WD-40 :) overallrating 4   lineend
name hcross review Great foot switch that is easy to use. I figured out that the whole body lifts up to expose the battery compartment. Wish they had put that in some instructions. If it's there I missed it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Igor B. review Pedal is not working, it just making noise. Poor quality control.Actually it looks like used pedal, not like new.Don't recommend this product. overallrating 1   lineend
name JeffH review The power supply which is not included is a funky size, it does seem to work with a standard pedal power supply but I wouldn't recommend it only because it is not the proper size.  The guy that was using this was using it with a Fender Telecaster, and a single 12&#34; tube amp.  He found that the volume was cut by ~ 15-20% even with the pedal turned all the way up.  Any time a pedal allows for volume loss , it tends to effect tone & yes, Mr. Sound Engineer, &#34;tone&#34; is a real thing!The pedal is pretty bulky and won't fit well in most pedal boards, but it's not any more wide than the Morley, but it seems to be taller, longer, and heavier.I gave it 3 stars because, &#34;It's Okay&#34;, but it is far from great, and I would not buy this product again.  I understand the price is cheap, and if this is all you can afford, then go for it, but if you have the extra cheese, spread it. overallrating 3   lineend
name J. Sanabria review  All I gotta say about  this product is that I get a volume/tone loss when it's plugged; that is a very big problem for me. Other than that is very well built, but the fact that it decreases my volume is a major issue for me. overallrating 2   lineend
name Kevin Messerschmidt review  This is a good pedal overall, rare to see a stereo pedal at this price so I took the chance and I'm pleased. As some have said, the low range has quite a steep slope to it, uncomfortable foot angle. But it's a big pedal, and the pivot seems to be at just the right spot so I can go to lower ranges with my toes because the action is smooth. I wish the TS jacks were top/bottom instead of side by side, seems it would take 1/4 right angle connectors better. One gets in the way of the other. Or even better if it were a TRS jack so you'd only need one input. I might modify it for that. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mark review In our acoustic guitar band, I often play intros and solos heavily amped, but when the rest of the band members come in, my strumming overpowers the rest.  So I needed a way to throttle back to either nothing or slightly amplified in between intros and solos then apply full power as needed.  This volume control foot pedal works exactly as described.  Also, I had an extra 12 volt Netgear router wall wart that saves battery life during practice (I use the battery during gigs).  Despite some comments I've seen, the battery is extremely easy to change - no problem at all!  The device does reduce some of the signal going to my amp; hence only 4 stars. overallrating 4   lineend
name NickT review Used this foot pedal for a and so far I've had know problems. Replaced the battery only once. Good product for a inexpensive foot pedal. overallrating 4   lineend
name Orcatrino review I share another reviewer's opinion about this pedal not being comfortable at certain treadle angles.  However, because there is very little output in those lower positions, I don't find it to be an issue.  In fact I rarely feel the need to use the full travel of the treadle when doing volume swells.  I thought it a bit strange that this thing specifies a 12 volt AC adapter yet can be powered by a 9 volt battery.  So... I decided to see if I would have any issues if I used my One-Spot AC adapter on it - polarity corrected, of course.  It worked just fine.  I usually power my looper with the same adapter so I built a splitter cable with labeled, polarity specific terminations and everything worked fine.  My curiosity didn't end there though.  I wanted to know if there would be any discernible difference if I used a 12 volt power supply.  I did it and the only difference I could find was that the power indicator LED was just a wee bit dimmer using the 9 volt adapter.  There was no change in the sonics whatsoever, nor was there a reduction in output volume that I could hear.  So what's up with the 12 volt adapter spec, Behringer?  Did you think you could fool all of us out here?  I give it four stars because even though you don't have to use the pedal's full sweep, it just not very comfortable in those lower positions.  I'll probably get used to it eventually. overallrating 4   lineend
name Saltydawg review The travel would be tolerable for a sitting position..., but I stand in front of a mic on stage.  The pedal generates  a lot of &#34;noise&#34; so I can't use it.  You get what you pay for.  King Vox and Dunlop High Gain, both passive, have passed the test, and I'm pretty picky! overallrating 2   lineend
name Tommy B. review I was a bit skeptical on purchasing this pedal based on some of the reviews here, however most of the problems seemed related to using it as a volume pedal as opposed to an expression pedal. I only wanted this so that I could pair it with my RE-20 to control the intensity, and in that aspect, I can confirm that it works/pairs flawlessly. My only complaint is that the pedal seems to be extremely sensitive. For example; I tested using it as an expression pedal to control the filter of a VST synthesizer, and it was recognized and mapped without issue, but rocking the pedal ever-so-slightly would cause erratic movement on the filter. This is the same behavior that I have when connected to the RE-20, in that the slightest pedal movement will make the intensity or repeat rate to jump in a fashion that's anything but gradual. It's not the end of the world, but I was hoping that the movement would have been a bit more precise. overallrating 4   lineend
name Twiddly Diddly review I purchased this as an extra CV controller for a Digitech Control 2. When I got it, I tried it out as a volume pedal just for kicks and YES it does suck the tone right out of the signal. As far as a CV controler? it sucks at that too! Why? it squeaks as you move it (after 5 minutes use, right out of the box). Behringer is a joke and gives German engineering a bad name (although only 'conceived' in Germany).It's a direct copy of the Yamaha FC9 and so I am about to purchase one of those and see how it compares. I'm betting the extra 45 dollars will be well worth it.Also, you may say \"who cares if it squeaks a little\"? well I do when I am controlling volume swells or a 'wah' effect at low volume in the studio!Good luck if you buy it. overallrating 1   lineend
name Darwin's Survivor review If you want to increase the amount of gain and distortion in your tube amp, drop one of these in the V1 position (the tube closest to the input jack of your amplifier).  Easy to do, and you'll notice an immediate increase in distortion.Placed one in a Fender Blues Junior.  Before when the master was down and the pre-amp/volume was all the way up, I could barely get some overdrive.  Afterwards, it had plenty.  Night and Day difference.Good sound too... Not harsh, adds harmonics.  Very lush sounding.  Tung Sol knows how to do it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Filipe N. Marques review  I recently acquired a Vox Valvetronix AD100vt combo amp from my local Music shop. I use this amp mainly in the Modern UK preamp setting for most of the music I play. When I tried it at the shop it sounded great. Of course, I couldn't go stage level in the shop, so I couldn't really get a feel for the sound.I took it to practice the next day and was really put off by the floppy sound of the low end when \"chugging\" on the low E. So I went about experimenting. First, I converted the combo amp to a closed back speaker cabinet instead of the original Vox open-back design. Small improvement, but not close enough.After couple of weeks, I also noticed some volume variations as I played. With a little research, I found that it is one of the signs of a bad tube. I did a little more research on the 12AX7 tubes and found that they are not all created equal (of course) and was looking for one with tighter low end. This one came up in the specs of doing just that. (I believe it was x[...] where I got that info)I got the tube this morning put some gloves on an went about switching out the tube. (YES. TREAT THESE LIKE HALOGEN BULBS. THE OIL FROM YOUR SKIN WILL CREATE HOTSPOTS AND DAMAGE THE TUBE QUICKLY) I pulled out a GT Groove tube from the amp. I was totally surprised! Groove Tubes were THE tubes to have in the late '80s. Now a days, I read they are rebranded Chinese tubes. So sad.Anyway, total tone improvement. Got the bottom end I wanted and I had to make some significant eq adjustments from my original settings and easily nailed the tone I was so looking forward to. overallrating 5   lineend
name GuitarExtreme review PEOPLE!  YOU NEED TO BE STATING WHICH AMP AND SPEAKERS YOU USE OR YOUR REVIEW IS POINTLESS!That being said, the reason is because every amp will cause the tube to react and sound differently.  Speakers will also create a very different sound with each tube choice. Type of pickups in your guitar will also cause a different outcome.Amp:  Vox ac30hw2Speakers: Celestion Alnico Blue 8 ohmPower Tubes: JJ EL84Pre Amp Tube: Tungsol 12ax7 in V1 and the stock Ruby tubes in the other 2 spotsHow I Set My Amp: Volume just before breakup and 12o'clock with bass and treble knobs (changes per guitar but stays close)Guitars Used: Fender Telecaster Deluxe 'Chris Shiflett' with stock pups, Gretsch Silver Falcon 2010 with stock Filtertrons, Gretsch Sparkle Jet Blue Pearl with stock Filtertrons, Fender Jazzmaster 65' American Reissue with stock p90's.I also purchased a JJ12ax7 to see how that sounded so will compare the ruby, JJ and this Tongsol preamp tubes.I found the Tongsol to give me the best tone over all.  Less bright but still keeping all the chime in this amp. It caused just enough high end roll off to give the warmth I've been looking for (to my ears). I found the JJ12ax7 to be much clearer but slightly harsher in the high end-maybe more Fenderish? I REALLY like the way the Tungsol makes my Jazzmaster sound.  It's heaven!  It gives me the perfect breakup point and perfect roll off of highs.My findings could and probably will be different from yours because of your guitar, cable quality, pick attack and style of playing. My best advise is BUY MANY different brands and TRY THEM ALL in your amp. they're not that expensive if you go with the cheaper ones.  Most likely you will buy a different amp at some point so keep the tubes to maybe use in that one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeffrey A. Hawkins review  Tone is subjective. I have little experience with tube voodoo. So all I can say is that it is working well for me. I would buy again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Karl Brody review  Not sure how to rate this tube? Replaced a Chinese preamp tube in my Champion 600 and couldnt tell any difference in tone. Maybe it is built better? But thats yet to be seen. I did put a EH6V6 in with the Chinese preamp tube and did notice an improvement but the EH6V6 only lasted five minutes and shorted out. So i sent it back. I ordered a TS 6V6 and am still waiting for it. Maybe NOS is the way to go with the preamp tubes? Time will tell. overallrating 3   lineend
name R. Morton review  This is a very quite tube and has all the gain you'd expect from a great 12AX7 tube. If your looking to push a power tube into distortion this little bugger will definately do the trick. overallrating 5   lineend
name T. Cox review Well made tube with good amount of gain and highs. Excellent for cleans and crunch due to increased clarity. For high gain metal, however, I found that it's a bit too hairy. For instance, as V1 position in my preamp, it had a little too much trebly sizzle versus other tubes. For comparison, a Sovtek has less of this \"hair\" and is tighter sounding but also has more of an upper mid-range fizz which can get annoying. In the end, I switched the Tung Sol with a Ruby AC7 which was formerly in the V2 (overdrive) position, and that got me better articulation with less fizz. So Ruby AC7 in V1, Tung Sol in V2 - that's been my best combo so far. overallrating 4   lineend
name A. Garza review  This thing doesn't tip over easily, which is perfect for my teen son who isn't all that easy on his equipment. Adjusts easily enough, and the price is perfect. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. perez review  the base is heavy and you screw the pole to it once you do this they should not be undone or you may damage the tread this makes it incoveniente to carry for mobile dj's. for the price and quality I would buy two other ones. overallrating 4   lineend
name bobby 12333 review Great guitar string at a reasonable price. I highly recommend these acoustic strings, they are also available in light or heavy guageif you prefer. I like the EJ 17 medium string for my rhythm acoustic guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name 'brother' Bill review .... I'm going back to what works best for me, Martin SP custom light. While the packaging (sealed) for each set is a good thing and also the individual color coding of each string, I do prefer Martins', overallrating 3   lineend
name Bum-Ki Cho review It is fine strings,i couldn't really find difference between martin m140maybe its just me, i expected more than that!its just regular strings overallrating 4   lineend
name CaptAdams35 review I wasn't expecting much for the price but have to admit I'm very pleased with the tone these strings produce straight out of the package. After several hours of play and 2 tunings, they're spot on and sound sweet as cream butter. Great product and very highly recommend overallrating 5   lineend
name chapopot! review i have tried the other brands of strings, and this is the other brand i consistently buy! its smooth to use and the sound is superb! overallrating 5   lineend
name ChevisN7 review Well made. Enjoyable to play. Stay in tune well. The sound is clear and warm on my Yamaha and my Martin. Right now I am experimenting with different strings so I cant say if they are better than others. I personally like the sound better than the Martin ESs I have tried but that is a personal choice. Let your guitar be the judge. overallrating 4   lineend
name C. Hill review  These D'Addario Medium Acoustic Guitar Strings come as individually packaged sets of three, with the necessary six strings in each set. Being new to guitars, we had no idea how often the strings would need to be replaced so this three pack seemed like a good starting point.The strings are good quality, produce accurate tones (according to our auto-tuner), and have held up well.Highly RecommendedCFH overallrating 5   lineend
name chris review I can now say I have used several others - coated Martins, flat wounds, smooth wounds, EXP, Elixir, etc. These are pretty cheap and sound like a million bucks. Their tone is slightly bright but not as &#34;harpsichord&#34; as the EXP. I am done experimenting. These are the strings for Takamine guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris review I thought it was a good deal when I saw the original price, the discount stated it was $8 off. Instead it was only $2 cheaper than buying at my local music store. Other than the price, the strings work great on my guitar. Sounds amazing. I'll definitely be buying more of these. overallrating 5   lineend
name Christopher C review I prefer the light strings but you have to allow them to stretch a little or you might break on when changing. The lighter the less tension you should use. I love the price and they last me quite a while. overallrating 5   lineend
name David Burch review This gauge is perfect for my 1970 Gibson J-50. The phospher-bronze alloy wrap brings out hidden tonal \"snap\" in this old, rather heavily-braced guitar. The may be too bright for a lighter instrument, but they really shine on my old guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name digitel review They sound just like i thought they would.  I love them and use them when i play guitar and they sound awesome.I would buy these again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Douglas Kelban review I also own Bose Quiet Comfort 15's and AE2's, and the Grado S80i's. these have become my favorites. The Grado's have tight but somewhat weak bass, and amazing (but sometimes too shrill), and airy mids and high's with a great soundstage; both Bose's have more pronounced bass than the Grado's, and good mids and highs, but less airy and soundstage than the Grado's, and the audio-technica's are in between, with the best balance between accurate and pronounced (but not excessively) bass, excellent mids and highs, and very good soundstage. They have become my favorite phones. Though the bass is pronounced, it is with an accurate depth, and a THUD like a top-line subwoofer, when the bass drum hits. All in all quite a listening experience. overallrating 5   lineend
name Edward review I was expecting to be taken to heaven with these headphones.They are not all that impressive compared to the beats on ear headphones.But the would do just perfect for recording vocals but when it comes listening to music I say go for Dr.Dre Beats.If you want to know what the noise isolation feels like , just putting your hands on your ear. overallrating 4   lineend
name etcwhatever review I picked these up on impulse &#8211; they were on a good sale and I was dissatisfied with my older, cheaper set of Panasonic over-the-ears.  I'm glad I did &#8211; these are excellent headphones and they've exceeded my expectations on just about every level.  The sound quality is exceptional and they do a very solid job of blocking external noise.  They feel extremely sturdy and well-made, from the cans themselves to the nice, thick coiled cord (although a removable cord would be a nice bonus).  Finally, and this is important, they're incredibly comfortable.  As a video editor, I often wind up wearing headphones for hours at a time.  The cans rotate on two axis, so they conform to the shape of your head and the headband is thick and well-padded.  They grip your head snugly, without that horrible &#34;vice grip&#34; feeling.I've heard several reviewers say that these are the best headphones to be found for under $200.  I haven't tried enough pairs to make that judgement, but I will say that I highly recommend them.  It's one of the best purchases I've made in a long time. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Farnsworth review These headphones are kind of classics.  Very popular and you can read all about them on the headphone review websites.  They are certainly a cut above your cheap headphones.  However, when I compare them to my other headphones (Sennheiser HD595's) I find that these are very, very inferior.  I had originally intended for them to be used with my digital piano because I wanted some isolation, which my HD595's do not provide.  These do provide isolation but the sound is markedly inferior.  I think closed-style headphones are just not up to the task of reproducing high quality classical music like open style headphones.I use these at work now.  They are excellent at blocking out room noise and they provide enough quality for me to listen to music while working.Unfortunately they are also not nearly as comfy as my Sennheisers.  They are a bit too small for my ears, I guess. And they get hot.  Overall they are just not as good.  They were a good price, though, and they fill a niche that I need.  If only I could find a set of really high quality closed cans for my piano now... overallrating 4   lineend
name kannibul review My main headphones before were HD-280's, which I thought were pretty good, until I got these. I have several pair of HD-280's, one for mixing audio, one for practicing with drums (since they have decent isolation), and one for 'her' to use.I have one of these, and the amount of detail is great. I have a set of M-Audio BX8a's, and these have a touch more clarity, which considering the price difference...wow. For mixing audio though, can't use headphones when it comes to getting the stereo imaging right, but, I think these will get used for mixing more and more, with the finalizing on the BX8a's.I didn't know headphones could sound this good. overallrating 5   lineend
name kay bhee review garbage if you like it...then buy it.this is NOT how the world of music sounds.TOO MUCH BASS and other garbage...are you guys really HEARING anything ?world has gone bass crazy since about 1981...more and more..we lost analog, we lost quality thanks tocompression and mp3, and now to put morecrap into our ears, they give you ONEfrequency...bass ONLY , take it or leave it.will go find REal headphones, thanks.kb overallrating 1   lineend
name meongski review I've tried different kinds of headphones in the past and so far the Bose AE2 fits my taste. I've been using it for years when my son borrowed it a month ago and I'm pretty sure he has no intention of giving it back :) (Its the 5th headphone he borrowed) so I planned to buy another one but I said to myself why not try something different. After reading all the reviews on this product I finally decided to go for it. And WOW...i was blown away. I'm glad I tried something else. No regrets. This one really fits my taste. The clarity is superb and the bass is awesome. overallrating 5   lineend
name rmblack review First time I've spent over 25 bucks for headphones.  Use for both reference with a GNX4 and guitar, and easy listening.  Very accurate and no coloration of tone that I can detect.  (semi-audiophile)A bit bass heavy but overall great headphones. very comfortable.  get hot to wear in the summer! overallrating 4   lineend
name Robert S.D. review If your goal is to use these for mixing, then just hit the buy button.I have about 6 sets of various headphones from low end to nice gamer phones, and these will allow you to hear sounds that your other phones will not.I use these to mix down multi-track audio and then compare the final mix with a set of regular monitors. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ryan Enger review I did my research on this buy. I looked at a lot of reviews, as well as youtube reviews comparing other headphones, and these seemed to be the clear favorites over other competitors such as Beats Pro (in which you're spending at least $100 of the total $200 on just the name alone, such a rip-off if you ask me). These are very clear and fine tuned. My only knock on these is that they could use a little more padding for the top of my head. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ryan S. review I am completely blown away with these headphones. The second I got them in the mail I plugged it up to my mac pro, opened up itunes and played a song. Simply put it was amazing, I was able to hear EVERY single track individually! I later plugged the ATH-M50's into a Korg triton studio, recorded a session with some great microphones and edited a project in final cut all with the same results. The sound is so clear with these headphones you will notice every flaw no matter how small in whatever you are working on (which is a great thing). I have worked with a lot of headphones including some that cost many times what these do and I keep coming back. I have seen a few people comment that the bass is not \"punchy enough\" this is simply not true, the bass is amazing, any stronger and these headphones would not be true to the source. Make no mistake the ATH-M50's are extremely accurate and sound fantastic. overallrating 5   lineend
name Shawn review I mix and master all my own music on these guys. Before the audiophiles try to stone me to death, listen! I cant have giant KRK monitors blasting in my small apartment, but what I can have is a solid pair of affordable headphones that present my music in a very true light. These are not Beats by Dre, they will not make all your songs have super bass, and they aren't a great fashion statement; however, they ARE work horses and will show you how your music REALLY sounds. Nicer headphones exist, true, but these are the best in their price range in my opinion. overallrating 5   lineend
name Steveo review I play Guitar for the first time i have a head set that the drivers are not being over driving giving a distorted sound. The calrity is amazing ! overallrating 5   lineend
name Tabasco24 review  I have an Axe-Fx 2 that requires quality monitoring (I do use studio monitors, but sometimes I need something that no one else can hear), and for a while was using the Senheiser HD 280 Pro headphones.When I put these on (without burning them in), I was blown away at the difference! for $20 more, these cans are more than worth the extra cashAlso better, is the leather wrapped around the arc- much sturdier, while the pad on my Senheisers is flaking off, piece by piece. overallrating 5   lineend
name T. Cox review I've owned these for several years and found them sufficient for mixing purposes -- so long as I keep using reference songs for comparison ... that's because by themselves, the ATH-M50 don't have a flat frequency response. They're flatter than most phones under a hundred, but you will find that they're a bit too middy and lacking in lower treble regions compared with a good set of studio monitors.Fortunately, I found that this deficiency can be fixed with a corrective EQ curve. Load up a parametric EQ and do the following: [+1dB @ 80Hz Q of 5],  [+1.5dB @ 350Hz Q of 2], [-2.5 dB @ 1kHz Q of 1], [+1dB @ 3kHz Q of 1], [+2dB @ 6.5kHz Q of 3.5], and [+1.5dB @ 15kHz Q of 3].  Save this as a preset.If you listen to reference songs with this, you'll find a more pleasing, balanced, 3D kind of sound compared to the original.  I base this correction curve on published frequency response graphs of the ATH-M50. The proof that this worked is that now these headphones sound a lot like my good studio monitors. They translate better with the correction curve active.The bass on these is solid and seems to go down to 20Hz or so, more felt than heard. Subsonic thumps feel like head motion more than sound. This is where these headphones are better than studio monitors, unless you have a well treated room with a good sub. I therefore use these headphones to adjust bass, in relation to the reference songs. I also use them for editing slight sounds (pops, clicks) and getting reverb tails right, and with help panning tracks -- they are VERY good for this, like a magnifying glass.The foam pads and black 'paint' on the headband will crack and fall off after 2 years. I wrapped black sports tape around the headband, works well. Replacement pads can be bought on Amazon. So the padding material coating could have been better made.  That plus the middy frequency response is why I give 4 stars instead of 5.  But I still think they're the best headphones for mixing and tracking under a couple hundred. overallrating 4   lineend
name TomVette review  As background, I've recorded many jazz performances and listen normally to electrostatic speakers and have a pair of electrostatic headphones as well as dynamic models.These Audio Technica headphones are closed back isolating headphones which greatly reduce background noise. That said they are more difficult to design well as the closed ear cups and back create acoustic interaction with the back of the drivers. These headphones have a very open sound, smooth midrange, excellent detail with out exaggerated treble and very solid, and perhaps a bit emphasized bass.They are extremely comfortable, well made and easy to store. Finally the pricing of these fine headphones are not over inflated as are many high quality products. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Truthinadvertising review Bought these as the studio I was using had a very rough, taped together set of headphones and they told me most people bring there own.  Did a quick search for good quality studio quality headphones and settled on these for my choice.  I am not disappointed.  Excellent sound quality and I would pin them against Bose any day. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wesley Newell review These headphones are wonderful to wear.  They sound great.  But that's not enough now a days.  With the head band being connected to the outside of the muff, they fit your head so wide.  The pioneer hdj 2000 has the look.  Read my review on those though.  They are terrible.At first glance these things are serious pro grade, they are made of very durable components. Both ears swivel and they fit snug to the head. The head band isn't bad, it's a plastic material i notice that when i stretch it to see how flexible it is the pad on the top of the head starts to come unglued. Not really a big concern though. They have a long cord, and I'll talk more about it later. It ends with a spin on 1/4 in or a standard 3.5mm.The sound out of these things is pristine. It's not muddy and very clear. They have a good amount of bass.  Because of the over ear style they drown a lot of background noise out and they also don't leak noise like a lot of headphones do.Pros- Heavy duty- Awesome sound- Comfortable headband- Over ear design- Not worried about breaking when i through them in my bag- Always clear, never muddy, even at high volumes- Very clear left and right ear markings- Spin on 1/4 PlugCons- Heavy coil cord- Heavy (weight never got annoying though)- Looks overallrating 4   lineend
name CHUS01 Fan review I'm using this in V1 in a 5 watt tube amp.  It's really nice.  I tried the NOS route and I much prefer this tube.  The other good thing is it comes in a box from JJ, unlike some tubes from other places I've ordered where they seem to lose their original boxes along the way and it looks like everyone and their brother has been messing with them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark J review I have a VOX AC4TV. It uses (stock) a 12AX7, but I thought I would try the 12AT7 just to see what happened. I had read that this type of tube could give you more clean headroom.After a little test run, my first impression was that the amp was noticeably quieter with this tube installed. It might have reduced the volume by a third or more - but this came with the benefit of the amp being noticeably less noisy. That was a nice benefit.I didn't notice much of a change tonally. I think this tube basically brought the volume down. I wouldn't say this is better or worse than the 12AX7, just quieter, and with significantly less output.I ended up switching back to the 12AX7. overallrating 3   lineend
name P. Refsnider review I bought this tube to test in a friends Fender HRD in the PI spot. He wanted more clean tone and was willing to have less overall gain. He liked the result when I switched out the GT 12AX7. I want to try a JAN 12AT7 next, but the JJ is doing a good job for now. Also interested in swapping out his GT (Sovtek) 5881's for JJ 6L6GC's. overallrating 4   lineend
name Stinky K. review I found this tube to sound pleasant, be cheaper in cost than the Electro-Harmonix, and work, unlike the Electo-Harmonix tubes I received. overallrating 4   lineend
name SVT4001 review JJ's are great tubes! This 12AT7 replaced a 12AX7 in the preamp of an Epi Valve Jr to soften the gain and sweeten the tone- it was very nice, but I found an old American made 12AU7 that I like more- the JJ is still a great tube. overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam review I've had this pedal for over a year now and I've been getting more and more into tube amps and I've learned to appreciate how the intricacies of how all of this gear works together (amps, guitars and pedals).When I first reviewed this pedal, I had just gotten a new solid state amp and I was very let down. After I jumped to tube amps, I grew to appreciate it a little bit more, but I was using it wrong; I'd just match the output of my amp and goose the distortion level to use it as a 2nd channel/gain stage. I thought it lent a good distorted tone to my playing, but I dismissed it as just an \"OK\" box.Flash forward: This thing kills! It belongs in front of a tube amp; period. I've found, as all before me, that dirt boxes are virtually useless on solid state amps.The D III works very well as a clean boost: Max the volume, set tone to taste and the roll the distortion all the way back. This will blast your clean amp into overdrive, without much coloration on your tone. This is my preferred setting as I can use it to push my single channel tube amps into dirty territory like I would before, using it as a second channel, but with that natural tube sound. Any pedal that gives you some more \"umph\" without altering the original sound of your amp is a beautiful thing.Dial the output down some, and crank the volume on the amp a bit more, the distortion knob really adds some nice saturated gain that increases sustain and can creep up on getting a significantly dirtier tone. I found that this is reminiscent of a classic tube screamer; while not tonally identical, this can really help push a hotter amp into overdrive to get some heavy, heavy tones, while retaining the sound of the amp's natural distortion.In between, you can dial in some classic crunch tones suitable for rock and blues or just a smooth overdrive. After playing around with the knobs, I found that this is a very versatile and well voiced pedal. I actually prefer it to tube screamers and its clones as that's been done to death; the D III is conceptually the same, but it just sounds \"different\" that the TS and it doesn't let go of the low end.For the price, this is a fantastic buy. It delivers enough output to be used as a fantastic clean boost, and there's enough gain on tap to dial in just about any rock tone you'd want, save for modern high gain metal. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian F. review MXR make pretty good Pedals for the money. I thought that this would be a high output, saturated type distortion. It is not. It has plent of Volume, which is good for boosting. But, even with the Gain Knob turned all the way up, this thing is an Overdrive. Which is not a bad thing, if that's what you are looking for. Very Mid-Rangey sound as well. Just not for me. But it's well built and would make a decent OD. But, overall, a pretty Vanilla flavored Dirt Pedal. overallrating 3   lineend
name Ecadad review I was looking for an Overdrive or Distortion pedal for classic rock, and I finally decided on this one. It's a decent pedal, very solid. However, it is VERY noisy and buzzy when not in use, although all of my distortions are. It sounds a little bit thin and hollow to my ears; it's ok, but I wouldn;t purchase it again or really record with it. It's very light and thin sounding. I'm probably going to get a Full-Tone OCD or something like that instead overallrating 3   lineend
name E.I.E.I. Owen review This is another in the MXR \"Distortion\" line. The Distortion III has a more overdrive flavor than a high gain pedal like the Boss Metal Zone or the Barber Dirty Bomb but is very flexible. Not really for heavy metal (see the MXR 116 Fullbore Metal) but more for that AC/DC and classic rock sound.There is a lot of gain on tap from the output section so it is possible to hit the front of a tube amp hard without turning up the distortion. The tone knob does not have a dramatic sweep but is useable.The good thing about this pedal apart from the price is you do not get that \"fizzy\" top end that some pedals have when you crank the distortion. In addition, the pedal cleans up nice when you roll back the tone knob.Pedal is hardwired true bypass and very pedal board friendly. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gustavo Posada review I use this guy with a Fender Twin, since Overdrive sound is not enough for now a days metal. Not much of noise and practical carry. If you really want to go for something a bit more &#34;Marshall JCM900 like&#34;... get a MXR Custom Badass '78 Distortion. For a extreme... get a Riot! overallrating 4   lineend
name Javier Servigon review I was looking for a crunchy type distortion but this is more like a overdrive. I don't hold it against the pedal though. I have a Marshall Class 5 and this pedal actually sounds a little bit like the overdrive I get from the amp, I say this as a compliment. In my case, however, why would I want to replicate what I already have? I'm gonna return it and save up some money to get a BB preamp. You should check out the 78 Badasss Distortion from MXR too. overallrating 4   lineend
name David Basham review I am not one to spend a lot on batteries so this was a no brainer. It has worked great now for over a year at least. I had to look it up and I have had this for 3 years tomorrow. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jared Jennings review just make sure you get this when you get the tascam. I didn't run it without this power source, that seems too ghetto. they should just jack the price to what it would be with this and viola! but what do I know. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Rodino review Works just fine for the Tascam DP-008 I also bought through Amazon, and saves a lot of batteries. What else can you say? It works. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr. GrvThang review If you want to use this to power up a Tascam DR series digital recorder, I have a less expensive solution for you:  if you own a usb wall charger (like a cell phone charger), you can use that to power your device through its usb port. That's a lot cheaper than spending twenty-something dollars on an additional wall wart! overallrating 1   lineend
name Truthinadvertising review I got what I ordered.  However, if I had paid more attention, this is nothing but a standard power supply which I could have gotten much cheaper from a radio shack or like type store without the Tascam name on it.UPDATE 5-03-2012 after receiving comments and reading other reviews:I've gotten a comment and have read many comments and I don't know where the fault lies, but this power supply is NOT the power supply for the new replacement Tascam DR-07MKII.  The power supply for that unit is the PS-P515UIf you are unsure what power supply for which model Tascam recorder you have, go to Tascam's website and research it before buying it.The Tascam PSP520 AC Adapter/Power Supply For Mpgt1 is for and DOES work with the older Tascam DR-07 recorder.  I have been using this recording as a stand alone unit and taking a line out on a powered PA head using the this power supply and it works just fine and the quality of the recorder is excellent. overallrating 5   lineend
name charles review  behringer perfect pedalboardI can play with my musical band as a real professional with this pedalboard pb1000 from costa rica I recommend it....thanks behringer overallrating 5   lineend
name Chava Perez review I bought this so I had no mess with cables on the board and I'm happy to say it works perfectly. It has everything you could ask for on a PedalBoard and not only works with Behringer, I have Suhr, Boss, Fender, Marshall, Dunlop and TC pedals and they fit very well. It comes with cables and configuration diagram ideas, not to mention it's a great advantage for taking it on the road without having to dissemble everything. Now my gear is always ready. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jhoc review Our son loves this pedal board as it comes with a cover to use for transportation, and plenty of connection cords. He has his now fully loaded with pedals he routinely uses. It looks very stylish and functional as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name John S. review Very good product.  Bought it about two years ago along with a fender mustang 1.  It comes with a Daisy Chain power cord that eliminates the need for separate power supplies. Foam inserts easily fit Boss and Behringer pedals but can be easily cut to house other pedals. overallrating 5   lineend
name RobE review If you are using Electro-Harmonix, Red Witch, Voodoo Labs or the larger MXR pedals, they won't fit in the styrofoam cutouts. You can, though, just take that styrofoam pad out and velcro the effects on to the board.I also have a Morley wah and they have big footprints, so they will take up a good initial chunk of room on the board. If you have a Cry Baby, though, everything should fit a little more comfortably. Right now, I have the Morley sitting outside the board due to the number of pedals I own and that four of them are a little outsized (MXR ten band EQ, EHX Electric Mistress, Seymour Duncan Tweak Fuzz).There is some hum, but it isn't so pronounced that it interferes that much with your sound.So for all that you get with this and the fact that it cuts down almost totally on the need for adapters (except a DOD Malmsteen preamp overdrive), this is a great deal. Of course, the durability is still in question at this point. overallrating 5   lineend
name Solaceinsorrow review I purchased this because even though I use mostly Boss effects, I also use a Behringer Hell-babe Wah. Some of the reviews mentioned that Boss effects fit perfectly and that there is a 'footprint' for a wah type effect. I must say thanks to those reviewers! The only issue I have is that I'm kinda slow, so it took me a while to realize that I had to unscrew a part of the actual board in order for the wah to sit comfortably. I was also a little bit apprehensive about using the supplied adapter with all of my pedals in case there was some sort of conflict, but so far it has been a perfect experience! This is such a sturdy board. I must say though, that I had no idea it would be so huge! This is a perfect addition to any serious rig. UPDATE 21/6/10: I've finally filled all the available slots with the addition of the Boss Phase Shifter. So far this board has performed superbly! Yes, there is some noise (as there always is when using overdrive/distortion pedals), but no more than is to be expected. I use a Boss Noise Suppressor (Sorry if this is beginning to look like a Boss ad) and it works perfectly! overallrating 5   lineend
name Bassman Al review  This is a fantastic little recorder, but not for $300.  I bought mine used for $75 on a bass player's forum in the classified section.  That was over 3 years ago.  It has recorded almost every show I play, which is about 2-5 gigs a month, plus a couple rehearsals.  I record for my own learning purposes, and sometimes to make very rough demo's (some audio is better than no audio!) and have come to really appreciate what this little gadget can do.  The interface is not perfect and there is a little bit of a learning curve with the settings, but if you use the Automatic Gain Control (AGC) setting, the recording level is taken care of.  I use Audacity to amplify when necessary, to normalize always, and to edit from .wav to .mp3.  Its pretty easy and I am no sound tech nor am I a studio engineer.And if you goof and unplug it before powering it down, no problem.  Just pull the SD card out, insert in to your computer, save the files on your computer as .raw files by changing the extension (but first make a copy of the original file so that if you make a mistake you have a backup) and import the file into Audacity as a .raw file. From there you can edit as normal and save your edited songs as .mp3 files. overallrating 5   lineend
name Billy The Kid review I've had this for several years. It has worked flawlessly. It has done a pretty good job with many recordings, especially in the field. Zoom has now upgraded this unit and has other models on the market that are superior.  At the time this first came out it was one of the best on the market in its price class. overallrating 4   lineend
name bobby 12333 review I have owned this product for a while now & it has some awesome features. This little Recorder is absolutely amazing for it's size. Takes some practice to appreciate all the features. I recommended this Recorder to a fellow musician friend & he bought one also from Amazon & he loves it & records all his gigs with it now instead of the old huge unit he was using & told me it does a much better job than his old unit. He even used his on a tripod to record a gravesite funeral service that his family can keep for memories of a loved one. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Erikson review  I just bought it records very well even a whisper from pretty far away. Excellent fer recording acoustic's overallrating 5   lineend
name Clare Chu review Finally, a product that is as simple to use as a point-and-shoot camera.  Literally, I opened the box, put in two batteries, the memory card, read the quick-start guide, put the Zoom on the included stand, and got out my mandolin and started recording.  The sound quality is great, and you can play it back directly on the Zoom by plugging in some head-buds (included).  The control buttons operate like a DVD remote, with a \"menu\" button, using the \"fast-forward\" and \"reverse\" to scroll through entries, and the \"record\" button as the \"set\".For someone who is not well-versed in audio terminology, gain, sampling rates, mics, pre-post amps, levels whatever, I just set it to medium gain, watched to make sure the lines don't go too far up, and was recording away in two steps.  Push \"record\" to test the gain level, and push \"record\" again, (red light stays on), to record, and push \"record\" to stop.  The file is saved, and then you can push play/pause to listen back.  Deleting files is a few extra steps but if you know how to program a VCR you can use this puppy.It is also handy, portable and easy to take places.  I will take it to record jam sessions, music lessons, and practice to evaluate my playing, and instrument comparisons.  The sound quality is great, and I could hear how resonant and clear my mandolin is.  I wish my playing was as great since it recorded pick noise, finger slide noise, and other assorted twangs and twings.  It records both in WAV (huge files) and mp3 (compressed), with various quality levels to choose from.  You can easily connect it to a computer (Windows/Mac) with the included USB cable.The only thing missing is a remote.  Since you have to push the button on the recorder, you have to move to it to activate/deactivate it.  Also picks up noise from your movements.  But for the price $199, it's a real gem.I always look for the one thing in a product that is a surprise, doesn't cost a lot and delights the customer.  On this one, it is the included wind sock, a tiny foam cap that you can slip on top of the unit to screen the wind for outdoors recording.  Cool! overallrating 5   lineend
name David M. Gammon review  s state) but when used on low-gain, record quite well. Audio-IN records even better when used with good microphones and a mixer (I used a Behringer U-802) for AMAZINGLY clear recordings. Several types of SDHC cards work well and have NOT found a card that did NOT work with this device. Even NiMH (1.2V) batteries can power this, although alkaline (1.5V) last longer.CON: The plastic case is vulnerable to scratches and breakages so treat carefully. overallrating 5   lineend
name David Townsend review I purchased this after reading many favorable reviews online and it seemed like a good unit for the price. After trying to use it I promptly returned it. I do sound for concerts and wanted a recorder to connect to the sound board to record shows.  I have used a minidisc recorder to do this but wanted something that would easily inferface with my computer.  I tried recording on the H2 using it's line in jack and recording from a line out or tape out my Mackie sound board or my stereo receiver.  No matter how I set the levels the recording on the H2 was very distorted.  I played with the record levels and the AGC and limiter functions and tried recording from several different audio sources and always got a very distorted signal.  I have used my minidisc for the same application for many years and have never had a problem and have always got very clean, good quality sound.  The problem with my H2 was that the gain on the mic and line inputs appear to be the same and are meant for a mic level signal, which caused any line level signal to overdrive the preamp. Recording from the internal mics seems to work fine.  I have worked with professional sound equipment for over 25 years and the Zoom recorders are the only brand where I have found this problem.The H2 has a nice menu set up and the instructions are very easy to follow but if you want good line level recordings, look for something else.  I exchanged this model for an H4n and it had the same problem recording a line level signal, but not as bad as the H2.  I finally ended up getting the Tascam DR-07 which I am very happy with.  It has a few less bells and whistles but appears to overall be a better quality recorder. overallrating 1   lineend
name F. Jones review I also own an Olympus LS-10.  This gives me the same recording ability 96/24 but it is much less expensive.  You do get the ability to record with four channels which I am dying to try once I get my hands on 5.1 encoding software.  Also nice and not included with other brands, A tripod to hold the unit, a handle to use the unit like a microphone, charger, and earbuds.Some have noted the zoom doesn't have speakers built in.  If you truly want to monitor quality those tinny little built in speakers are not going to cut it.  You need monitors or quality headphones.  I find that inner ear monitors work best in noisy environments.As I said in the title there is a tradeoff in terms of material.  Olympus does seem to have more robust casing and controls.  This may be a big issue if you don't treat your equipment carefully.  Time will tell, but I have no doubt that this zoom unit is a solid product especially for the money.I am also looking at the Zoom H1 which will come out in Sept. 2010.  This product may actually be the LS-10 killer. overallrating 4   lineend
name Gary Jennings review  s of this little jewel, I won't bother going into details but it's everything I could have hoped for and more. The sound quality is amazing and it's very easy to use. I'm using it for so many things including a music player for my truck. I take it everywhere and it has never let me down. I had to get my own carrying case but for the quality versus price and accessories that ARE included, I have no complaints. overallrating 5   lineend
name James I Van Asten review awesome product works great. it even lets you set your level recording options for low or high level or between settings.it has lots of cool features listed in the manual are clearly defined how to use in manual.short version it's awesome. overallrating 5   lineend
name JerryWithaJ review A year ago, I wrote a lengthy comparison of theEdirol R-09 WAVE/MP3 Recorder, Blackand theZoom H4 Handy Recorder + 2GB Accessory Kit(pre-accessory kit).  I wanted a high quality, easy to use recorder, so even though the H4 had all of the features of the Edirol and sold for considerably less, I kept the Edirol because it was so much easier to use.Zoom has responded with the H2, a scaled down version of the H4 with all of the features of the R-09 and all of the controls right where you need them.  The H2 even has additional features over the R-09, but they don't get in the way.  For example, there's a choice of a 90 degree recording pattern, a 120 degree recording pattern, and even a surround sound option. Samsontech has some nice video demonstrations on its website.One big complaint I've had with the Edirol is the cost of its add-on stand.  Unlike the Edirol, the H2 comes with a simple stand.  In addition, the H2 has a threaded hole so that it can be mounted on a standard digital camera tripod!  On a separate note, it's much easier to replace batteries with the H2 than the Edirol.Recently, I got together with friends and recorded the same live acoustic music on both the Edirol R-09 and the Zoom H2.  I used Adobe Audition only to normalize both tracks (that is, equalize their loudness).  The first time we played them back, I thought I detected a VERY slight preference for the Edirol, with the overall opinion of the group split between the two units.  The second time we played them back, my preference was for the H2, with overall opinion continuing to be split.  We all agreed that the differences were so small as to be negligible if there were any at all.I do prefer the Edirol's control buttons to the H2's membrane and I'm not about to sell the Edirol, perhaps because I am more familiar with the Edirol and don't want to give it up just yet. Also, the Edirol R-09 is the darling of the moment.  However, if I owned neither, I couldn't justify the huge bump in price of the Edirol over the H2 and would opt for the H2. When I went to a music party last weekend and knew I'd need only one recorder, I grabbed the H2. overallrating 5   lineend
name kwb review The main advantage of this recorder to me is that I can get a good result without knowing much.I've made some surprisingly good recordings of choir concerts in various venues without any special knowledge, though I'm sure knowing more would make my recording sound better.About the only thing you should absolutely learn is to set the mic gain correctly so you don't overpower the mic. I don't use auto gain.If anything I try to err on the side of low. Excellent low noise property of the unit means that, except some rare cases, I can just boost the sound later on PC and the result is still more than passable for my purpose. overallrating 5   lineend
name Loveguitar review I play and teach classical guitar and needed a good digital recorder with which to record myself and my students and also be able to convert to mp3 format to upload to the internet.  I've recorded several solo pieces and it does pick up the guitar very well, including all string squeaks and fret buzzes (darn it).  So, it will force you to clean up your playing a bit.  If you are a musician and want a recorder that is very portable and relatively easy to use, then this little gadget is quite good.  It won't give you \"recording studio\" quality, but you can clearly hear the deep tones of a classical guitar and no hiss, or background noise (unless you have big-mouthed birds like I do) so you're recording is very clear.When I get ready to record, I set the gain as described in the manual, then set the recorder on my music stand and begin playing.  Since I bought the 4G card, I can play the piece as many times as I need too in a row without worrying about it running out of memory just as I finally play the piece to my specifications.  Also, if you connect the H2 to an electrical outlet and not rely on the batteries, that is one less worry.  Your H2 won't die during recording because the batteries give out.I can't really tell any difference in the recording quality with or without the wind sock that came with it.  It sounds the same.  I guess if I were a singer I would use it to screen out wind but a guitar doesn't really need it.  Yes, the screen is very small and difficult to read - I keep a magnifying glass handy, but now I've pretty much got the button pushing sequences memorized and don't need to use it as often to see the screen.  Also, download a free editing program such as \"Audacity\" so you can convert your recordings to various formats.I'd give it 5 stars if the case was a little more substantial.  It seems fragile and I dropped it once but luckily it bounced off my foot which had a big fuzzy house shoe on it so it didn't break.  But it might have if I had not broken it's fall.  And you will need a longer USB cord.  I can't believe the one they sent was so short.  But that is a very easy fix and overall this is one nice little tool.  And for the price, I'd buy it again!  :-}UPDATE 2.22.12I'm still using the H2 Zoom on almost a daily basis to record my students playing and my own playing.  I still love it, it works great and I feel I really purchased a great item. overallrating 4   lineend
name R. Dary review Not sure that title is good grammar, but anyway: I have gotten so much use out of my H2!  I'm a music teacher, and I have recorded music classes and performing groups.  Being able to so easily record a class and then have them listen to themselves has been really eye (and ear-) opening for those kids!It is very easy to use.  The various recording quality settings are useful, so you can do anything from a high quality record to a more space-saving mp3 setting.You can record stereo from just in front of the unit, or you can turn on 4-way, all-around recording.I've used mine a lot also just recording myself on various instruments.  I often record one part of a duet, then play along with it.You can do some editing on the unit, but it's easier to download the track and use some software to do it.  I have gone direct to disk, though, just by cutting off a little noise at beginning or end, which is some of the editing you can do on the H2.There is little to fault with it.  It takes a while to rename a track, for instance, but there again you could do it on your desktop after you download.Prior to this I had a Sony minidisc recorder, which was all right but really was already obsolete by the time I bought it. I finally got tired of messing with discs.I am very glad I got the H2. overallrating 5   lineend
name Samuel Chell review I'm raising my rating, and the result?  Getting \"demoted\" from the front page.  In any case, even though I recently picked up the Sony PCM-D50 from Amazon, I'm sufficiently impressed by the Zoom H2 to give it 5 stars and endorse it for anyone who wants professional quality results without the grief and expense of 8-16 track digital recorders or even the fuss of more complicated personal recorders.  For quite a while its only competition was the Edirol-R09, but as the price has come down, the Zoom H2 stands out from its immediate competition. Currently, the H2 is my \"back-up\" unit.  But for convenience or stealth purposes, I often use it as my main recorder.Anyone who receives this item is guaranteed to be impressed.  Production values haven't been spared in terms of the packaging; the included equipment (no batteries but a power adapter, protective pouch, handy table stand, mic stand adapter, wind screen, ear buds, USB cable, and a 256mb SD card); and the manual (a quick set-up sheet plus an ample booklet with generous-sized print written in clear, idiomatic English that makes some of Sony's recent instruction manuals look torturous by comparison).The screen and controls, admittedly, are minuscule, requiring sharp eyes (though the screen is well-illuminated) and nimble fingers (I much prefer the knobs and slider switches of my Sony to the touch-pad of the Zoom).  What's encouraging about this recorder, apart from the price, is that the designers at Zoom have made the H2 with the genuine audiophile and/or all-around musician in mind.  It's not simply another \"guitar player's gadget,\" loaded down with an endless supply of effects, loops, rhythm and bass tracks, files within files, programs buried within programs.  The H2, unlike my pricey Sony, can handle both .wav and mp3 protocol, has microphone fields ranging from 90 degrees to 360 degrees,  is capable of applying compression limiting to recorded files, offers a wide range of sensitivity and placement for recording lectures, conversations, solo performers and orchestras.  In short, the device promises to deliver the quality of some of recorders costing a thousand or more--and in a practical digital storage card format.Other Pluses:  Although the instructions are quick to point out the input for an external microphone (the pictured ones are the two popular stereo mics made by Sony, costing $60 and $90 respectively), the Zoom onboard mic (actually 4) is darn good.  It captured the range and resonance of a grand piano and even managed to pick up a conversation in the kitchen and a grandfather clock's  chimes from upstairs.  And it's reassuring to see a mic with a surface area reminiscent of the mics of the past (a single tiny hole is more common these days).  Getting the recorded signal onto a computer's hard-drive is expedited with the included USB.2 cable, and from there you can edit the wave pattern in a program like Cool Edit (which I strongly recommend over editing in the recorder).  There's also a metronome on board (potentially useful for a student musician during practice sessions) and a tuner (useful for a student musician or a pro who wants his instrument to be in tune before recording).Possible drawbacks: 1. Zoom admittedly has overdone things a bit with all of the audiophile bells and whistles--limiters, compressors, cut-off levels, AGC control, auto-dynamic levels, sensitivity ratios, panning effects, and the list goes on.  It's too easy to miss a step, to waste precious time fumbling with the menu, to find your fingers going numb while making all of these tiny adjustments.  Moreover, the instructions, while clear and abundant, omit much information that would help the beginner.  The hypothetical audience keeps changing from someone who's a complete newbie to someone who's a knowledgeable aficionado.  And I have great difficulty imagining a harried band director or impatient student taking the time to fiddle with scrolling through the tiny screen's menu to get to a metronome or tuner. (Frankly, with 75 kids squirming in their seats I'd go to the old single-function, dial-up, block-shaped metronome without a second thought.)2. The H2 is so light that using it with the AC adaptor seems rather incongruous if not highly unlikely.  Undoubtedly you'll want to pick up a 2 to 4 GB SD card and a good supply of double A batteries (it takes only 2) to record in the field.  At standard MP3 (128-meg) quality, you should be good for dozens of hours.  (The adaptor would have made more sense if Zoom had enabled it to charge batteries that could remain in the recorder.)3. My H2 would not connect to my iMac with OSX Leopard without downloading an upgrade from the Zoom site. After having some difficulty with the install, I decided to forget about it and simply transfer files in \"real time.\"What's encouraging about this recorder, apart from the price (2/3 of the H4, 1/2 of the Edirol R-9) is that the designers at Zoom have made the H2 with the genuine audiophile and/or all-around musician in mind.Perhaps the primary deal-maker or breaker: The tiny screen and small controls.  Until mastering the miniaturization, I would want to have a \"back-up\" cassette recorder for any performance that I judged of special importance.  As for build quality, my H2 is like new after almost 18 months use. Undoubtedly you'll want to pick up a 2 to 4 GB SD card and a good supply of double A batteries (it takes 2) to record in the field.  At standard MP3 (128-meg) quality, you should be good for dozens of hours.  (The adaptor would have made more sense if Zoom had enabled it to charge batteries that could remain in the recorder.)My H2 would not connect to my iMac with OSX Leopard without downloading an upgrade from the Zoom site. After having some difficulty with the install, I decided to forget about it--especially after seeing how slow (I mean really, \"overnight\" slow) the machine is in \"Normalizing\" a long file or converting it from .wav to mp3.  What takes minutes with a software program like Sound Studio or WireTap Studio requires hours when you're using the Zoom as a computer interface.  Use it for what it does best--namely, produce realistic audio from a tiny, weightless, durable device that practically makes the added attractions gratuitous and frankly puts to shame  its expensive rivals. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Graf review Excellent Sound quality.Very functional and easy to work with.Small enough to take along.It is my most used Gear in my life right now. I don't want anything else. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Trivoli review If you can read the tiny little screen, this thing records nicely. But it's a pain in the Axx to move from one selection to the other. There were a couple of times I almost threw against the wall. It has a tendency to completely freeze up and the on/off switch does nothing. You have to pull the batteries out and reinstall them for the damn thing to work again. overallrating 2   lineend
name Adam Rose review Do you like to shift your booty around on the seat?  You can't with this!  It's too narrow at 17 inches.  I am going with a wider one.  (other than that is seems decent)Updated March 4th, 2014: I ordered the On Stage KT7800 and have had it for several weeks now.  I am much happier with it, and it is easier to adjust.  The first one I ordered was defective and I had to send it back, butt now I am good to go. overallrating 3   lineend
name kwb review I ordered this bench for last Christmas (2005). I'm satisfied so far. Good value for money.The seat is generously padded and is 2.5 inches thick. Padding material is not too soft, and that is good in my opinion.All-steel frame construction feels sturdy.Contrary to one of the reviews, my bench came with height adjustment (it is not on-the-fly kind of thing, though). Each of the legs has 3 holes (low, middle, high). A fixing bolt goes through one of the holes for both of the legs, and the bolt becomes the crossing point of \"X\". Three positions roughly correspond to 18, 19 and 20 inches.For changing height, all you have to do is to loosen and remove the fixing bolt, insert it into whichever hole you like and then tighten it. Don't worry, you don't need any tool to do the job,  thanks to a large plastic knob. See the picture and you'll understand how it works.Mine initially came with middle position. I also tried high and low, but set it back to middle. It seems to be a good compromise for my family, as the bench is used daily by me, my wife and my kids. Sure it's nicer if you can change the height quickly and easily. However, with this price, I wouldn't complain at all. overallrating 5   lineend
name Melodie S. review This is perfect for our digital piano.  We love it.  Easy assembly.  I would recommend this to anyone. overallrating 5   lineend
name NW_OR_USA review This bench is well constructed and comfortable to sit on for extended periods. My only complaint is that I wish it had  just a little more height adjustment- maybe 1 inch. Overall, it is well suited for most unless you are tall or a small child. overallrating 4   lineend
name Paul C. review Pretty straight forward bench. I was surprised at how comfy it was at the price. Good height, comfortable, Id buy it again, no questions asked. overallrating 5   lineend
name Samuel Chell review First, I would be extremely wary of the durability of any piano bench for under $50. Second, as a professional piano player I have never found a use for a traveling \"bench\" or \"stool.\" Think about it: you've got a heavy keyboard to haul plus an amp plus a keyboard stand and maybe a music stand, electric light and music, perhaps even a storage case for the cables, adapters, extra fuses, batteries, tuners, sometimes an extra keyboard or two, or a couple of tone generators with MIDI cables, or, if you still pack a Rhodes, spare tines and a pair of wire cutters--and you're going to add a bench (!) to your weekly moving equipment caravan?In 90% of the locations that I've worked, I'm able to locate a plain chair without arms (usually the kitchen crew knows where the house spartan chair can be found). Not only does it reduce by one the paraphernalia, but it helps protect against the body structure problems to which piano players, especially, are prone over the course of thousands of hours of slouching, subjecting finger joints to unhealthy amounts of pressure, too caught up in chords and scales and retrieving half-remembered melodies to register the physical-neurological effects until after the job.  I've always envied the lounge act players who can stand while playing--far better for the entire musculature configuration of the human anatomy (not to mention prostate). In fact, if the club or restaurant has a regular piano bench or one of those padded, rising and lowering black Steinway cushions, try to replace it with a plain chair without arms. Especially if you're doing 4-hour gigs, sometimes two in the same day, you'll notice the difference short and long term.Bottom line, your back needs more pampering than your bottom, which is why you need a seat with a back. Only concert artists like Horowitz and Rubenstein could get away with those cushy Steinway stools--30 minutes to complete the concerto and be done with it (actually most of the stress was gone upon completion of the cadenza of the first movement). Some of us aren't that lucky--or gifted--or smart. overallrating 4   lineend
name A. perez review  the cables are great for the price cant go wrong I have not used them for a long time but so far no problems i ordered 6 more cables.don't buy this cables they keep failing, cheap material with WHAT I SPENT ON THEM YOU COULD BUY A COUPLE DECENT ONES overallrating 1   lineend
name Bloose review These are nicely made and the one I bought is working well. I'm very happy with it and will buy more as I need more. overallrating 5   lineend
name busdriver123 review It is a  nice cable for the money seams to be made well. Looks like it is holding up so far. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cabbott review For the price these can't be beat. At this price it doesn't hurt to have a spare one or two on hand for the inevitable emergency overallrating 5   lineend
name Christian Morales review I buy this cable for my dj system and work great. i used a lot of time with my karaoke overallrating 5   lineend
name Christopher John Taylor review  NOT high quality, but definitely useable and worth the 6 bucks. Ends are not too bad and it works for what it is. overallrating 3   lineend
name christopher Lamothe review good cable doesn't tangle very good ends overallrating 5   lineend
name cowboylove review The Cable is good and normal . good price and works well. The rubber over the connecting ends tend to pull back and I have to push them in place all too often. overallrating 3   lineend
name Dustin Kempton review I've kinda forgot I even bought this, it's just another cable in the mess of cables I already have! But it works fine, never had any problems with it. I think it's going through a cheap microphone I have, so It shouldn't be put through any conditioning. I think it would do fine in a live setting as well. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ecadad review These are descent quality cables. Great price, I own many of these. Just a good, basic, cable. Love the price, and they shipped quickly. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ed Figueroa review Sold, great quality XLR Mic. It's pretty hard to mess these up. People often build their own, but when they're this cheap, why go through the trouble? overallrating 5   lineend
name Ian review I have finally learned my lesson.I have purchased a number of these over the last year or two.. and previously had the same opinion as reviewers that say \"good for static applications\" as the cable conductors are prone to breakage, even along the length of the cable, not just at the connectors...But they are dirt cheap so i figured that was ok.But now, after recently buying and installing a cable from a mic in a sound booth to a digital mixer I checked it out and it seemed to work.A week later an acoustic duet came to record and the mic cable made the singer sound like she was singing behind a curtain.. yup..the cable.So by all means buy these on price, but when you get your items..please fully check them out.. a simple \"does it work yes/no\" is clearly not good enough, as i learned overallrating 2   lineend
name James Starritt review I'm using four of these for Podcasting - they seem just a tiny bit flimsy but for my purposes where they will be gently used I am completely happy. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jason Lewis review This cable is great for XLR microphones or DI-boxes.  They are clean of any electrical noise and appear to be good quality. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe review  Seems to be made well, length was perfect for my application and there have been no problems with functionality or connectivity using the cable.  These make great and affordable mic cables.  Not much else to say, it works and looks well made.  Definitely recommend it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Joyfulsinger review For the price this product is ideal.  I find myself wishing I had ordered more.  It is perfect for the home studio and is budget friendly.  I shall  probably get three or four more. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kevin Messerschmidt review  Cable worked fine, but the strain relief for the cable end came out when I took it out of the package. You can even see it on the left in the picture that it's crooked because there's barely anything holding it in, so it provides no protection for the cable. Signal seems fine, so if you're not going to use it or move it around alot, it works. If you're going to be gigging with it, I'd get something with a real strain relief. overallrating 3   lineend
name Lee review Good quality cable. Actually much better than I expected for the price. I don't move around much, so I don't know about how rugged it would be out on the road, but the cable is flexible and should stand up to a lot of rolling and unrolling. overallrating 5   lineend
name Levis Ouellet review Would not hesitate to purchase this item.  I like the flexibility of this microphone cable.  An easy item to recommend for the price paid. overallrating 5   lineend
name Li review  it's 6 bucks so I didn't expect a lot from it, but it works as advertised.  not sure how long the connectors will last though as they do look to be lower quality.  the cable wire is rubber coated and is easy to roll and store, the wire is very thin. overallrating 3   lineend
name muttonchops review  I;ve ahd this cable pair for more than 2 years and have had no problems with them at all. I used them with both dynamic and condenser microphones.Here are their key points:+ Good quality construction.+ Secured heads.+ VERY long cable.+ NO signal problems.+ Overall great cable.+ Buy with confidence. overallrating 5   lineend
name NoName review cable works perfect no defects, cystal clear sound, constructed well, use them in the studio, no noticiable problems, do not know how road worthy they are because I am a studio rat and not performer. overallrating 5   lineend
name Patrick Elhoffer review Bought this to replace my 10 ft mice cable.  Now i have plenty of cable to set up anyway i want. overallrating 4   lineend
name Richard R. Casper review I don't use it for any heavy use.  I use it for podcasting purposes.  Haven't had any problems.  So I can't speak to really heavy use of the product. overallrating 5   lineend
name skeletonbears review Be careful; I have a small recording studio, so we put our cables through a lot, and these guys just don't last. They were fine for the first few months, but then they started to die like a murder mystery. Seriously, one after another they would just go, for no apparent reason.Fine one second, and then it would just go horribly staticky. I actually had two blow at one time, and thought my PA was shot. Thankfully, it was just these cables. NOT GOOD. Spend a little extra on another brand. These have been my favorite:GLS Audio 25ft Cable Cords overallrating 1   lineend
name Skyler Smith review What can I say? It's a mic cable haha. It's a great cable for the price. It sounds good, and seems to be very durable. It's not a monster cable, but considering its 1/5 of the price, I can't complain. overallrating 5   lineend
name Smurfie review I ordered this as a spare and at this time, I haven't used it.  My microphone came with it's own cable and this was for a &#34;What if&#34; situation.  I gave it 4 stars on just expectation. overallrating 4   lineend
name Superlead777 review Just as good as any 20' XLR out there.Considering I spent $6 0 for it,it rules! Will buy more when needed. overallrating 5   lineend
name walter goodwyn review works well when jumping or combining your system with XLR's  for noise  and clear sound. ease in connecting and reconnecting system overallrating 4   lineend
name Dennis Mayer review Wow. This amp is something else. When it arrived I almost didn't realize what it was because it was so big! This thing does everything! You can set drums, record cords over it and then dub in to the already recorded track and solo over it! But what's even better is you can attach drums to it, a bass to it, a mic to it, and a guitar to it and have a killer jam session!It has more sounds then I had time to comb through at first glance and more features then I know what to do with!AMAZING AMPLIFIER! overallrating 5   lineend
name Grejam53 review Like another reviewer here, I too own a Fender G-Dec 30 (BTW: now going up for sale). The Spider Jam 75W specs are all out there so I won't repeat all that info but give you my users impressions instead. First I was fortunate enough to buy one for $300. (the same price as the Fender G-Dec 30), so it's an even simpler comparison for me.   The Line 6 Spider Jam 75W is a full head & shoulders taller and better than the G-Dec.   As just simply an amp it has more power & as good of sound. As for the rest, I'll take line 6's real drums sets and myriad of song backings over the Fender's midi/synthe tunes any day. The ability to save your custom tunes as JAM or WAV files internally or out to a larger SD card is a godsend and to me, the single biggest factor to own this amp over a G-Dec. (I use the max 2gb SD - note: it must be fat 16 formatted & is not HC.) The overdub layering is simply superb (though it's saved as mono). The XLR mike, 1/4\" plug aux & MP3 inputs allow a great flexibility for total song creation. Coupled with my Line 6 Variax guitar, I have been able to produce an amazing range of sounds and songs.The only criticisms I can muster are: 1) - The menu process is more difficult than the G-Dec but easy enough with hands-on experience. 2) - The chrome plastic knobs look somewhat cheap but work well enough. 3) - Line six really needs to update to an SDHC format so it can utilize larger than 2gb SD storage cards. I have experimented with using a 4GB non-HC SD card & though I was able to format it, I was not able to read / write to it. Line 6, please go to SDHC! I would also like to see an improvement to an \"incremented\" or notched amp model selector pot. As every once in a while it will jump from the A or B selection if not exact. overallrating 5   lineend
name JETPILOT review I can't find a single complain about this amp. The amp modelling is fantastic. Plug in for a mic/CD/M3 player. Quality driver. I'm not going to go through all the features that yo ucan read o nthe website. I used to play through a chameleon and separate amp in a rack to get these effects. Only thing I wish it had was the ability to save a custom sounds. But you can't ask for much more for the price of $399. You won't be disappointed with this amp. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul S. Brzozowski review  I bought my Spyder Jam back in 2009, when it was fairly new.  I was simply blown away at the depth and available features on this amp.  I still am.  It's just possibly one of the best training and gigging tools for a guitarist out there.  You can play along with a drum track, with a drum AND rythmn track, and you get hundreds of presets and about 100 to make your own.  the Spyder pedals make it perfect, allowing you to turn on recording functions, drum and other functions, and also with the expression pedal, you get Wah and Volume.  The seperate tonal controls are great on this amp, and if you really dive deep into the menus, pitch shifting and timing are also available.  And with 24 minutes of looping time, that's just crazy for the price.I found it interesting that for a while, the Spyder IV 75 watter kind of dissapeared off the market in 2011 and part of 2012. It has basically the same presets of the Jam without the looper or drum and rythmn tracks, and was much less money.  I'd say it started to cut into Spyder Jam sales. I have noticed that the Spyder IV 75 watter is back now, but the Jam keeps right on going, with updates and endless support from Line 6.Even the eight year run of the Fender Cyber Twin, and Cyber Twin SE didn't offer the possibilities of the Spyder Jam, and the Cyber Twin was well over $1000 new. Yes, it has a tube preamp, and rewires itself to better simulate amps, but the Jam is SO much more in line with the budgets of up and coming guitarists. No contest, money-wise. And the Cyber-Twin is gone now.If you want an amp that you will keep for a long, long time, take a real hard look at the Spyder Jam. overallrating 5   lineend
name RJ review I've had this Amp for 5 years and it still works and looks great. Took a while for me to learn all the things that the Jam can do since I was new to the world of electric guitars and amps when I received it. Crank this baby up and it moves air. I've used all the in's and out's with no problems. My rig consists of an Ibanez AS73, Schecter Devil Custom 2008, Line 6 HD500, and an AKG Perception 420 thru a Line 6 UX2. Finally, I only play at home so this gear doesn't get banged up from gigging.I agree here> (As B. Russell said: The only downside I can mention is that this amp may not be for the technically challenged. There are a lot of features on this amp, but you need to learn how to use them. The common features are easy to use, but if you want to dig in and start really taking advantage of the amp, you will need to invest some time into it. Since I'm not scared of playing around in menus and reading the manual, this amp fits me well.) overallrating 5   lineend
name R. W. Milyard review  I have both the Fender G-Dec 15 and the 30 and the Line 6 Spider Jam just blows them away.The controls are much more intuitive than the G-Dec line (like hitting the level buttonto bring the drum beat volume down so I could hear my guitar over it), and I was able to immediatelybring up whatever backing tracks, or drum beats I wanted and the only time I had to lookin the manual was to figure out how to change the tempo which is very easy.I only mention these capabilities to compare with the Fender line.Once you go further into the amp and get into the dubbing/recording it takes a bit moreeffort and the proper foot pedal.The amp can get really loud and I don't see why you could not use it to gig with as long asthe venue is no larger than a standard bar or side show.Since I have only had the amp for a short time, I can't say anything about how it will holdup, but I have 8 other amps by different companies, and the quality is just fine.By the way, I have a G-Dec 30 for sale???Addendum:The following is my take between the Jam and the 4 series, do with it as you wish.A modeling amp will literally model existing Amps, Artists, and Songs from different years.The Spider 4 does not have on board song or drum loops like the Spider Jam.If you are trying to get a specific sound of a band or musician or place in time, then the 4 isyour amp.If you need a practice amp, go with the Jam.I have both amps and as far as I am concerned, the Jam is a far better modeling amp as it does what the Spider 4 does plus drum and song tracks that you can play along with plus a whole lot more, even if it is based on the Spider 3 technology with a JM4 Looper as its engine.While the Spider 4 (I have the 150) is a nice amp, it is VERY SPECIFIC to the user needs and isnot that flexible.I do not agree that both amps are worthless without the foot pedals, as I used the Jam for a longtime without, and only acquired the Express pedal when I ordered the Spider 4.Also be very aware that the Line 6 documentation on their amps is very, very lacking, to put it mildly, and there so-called on line videos and user groups are just as lacking as their documentation. overallrating 5   lineend
name carolinaautoguy review I bought this amp for my 7 year old son. It is great for him, but not really for a serious practice amp.Pros:SmallClean and dirty channelHead phone jackCons:Speaker is low quality and sounds rough when distorted or loud.Suggestion:Step up $30-$40 and get a better setupGood alternatives: Fender Mustang, Peavey Viper, Line6 Spider IV, Vox, or Marshall. overallrating 3   lineend
name Danyelle Mulin review  I can't say anything bad for it because I don't know much about it other than the fact that it works overallrating 5   lineend
name Grizz review  I'm a beginner and is more than enough for now. if i'm committed to learning, i'll get a better one later! overallrating 3   lineend
name Joe McParland review Small size, easy to transport, and more than enough power to annoy a small venue with my lousy (but improving) guitar playing :-p overallrating 4   lineend
name paul day review this amp is small in size but full of sound.  because of its size there is little bottom end but it still cranks!! very responsive, very clean sounding. this amp is well worth the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name PH review I spent a lot of time on Amazon reading reviews - comparing prices. I wanted an amp that would have overdrive and I also wanted some power. There are so many choices from the small portable units (I was afraid they would sound like toys) to the big units (They would sound great but I couldn't afford them). I am thrilled with the Starcaster. This amp delivers a huge sound and the overdrive sounds great for grunge and metal while you can also play crisp clear rock or country through it. If you want a small amp to take anywhere and be able to show your rock star image - this is the one for you. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert D. Hibbs review I got This amp for my 9 year old son along with a Squire mini strat. Verry good combination. My son loves them both. overallrating 5   lineend
name stefanj review I bought this used off a friend when I got my first Electric.  It's a great little practice amp that is plenty loud enough for a small room.  The destortion works well enough.  Bass and treble are adjustable and seem just fine.  Input jack has held up real well so far (amp is about 4 years old now)and the speaker is pretty clean.  My only problem is that the volume just does not go low enough.  I can't practice while everyone else is in the room watching tv.  I suppose a set of headphones would solve this problem- but then its something else I gotta plug in and worry about.  I find that I like the sound of the overdrive better (especially thru my Epi LP) but just can't play it low enough.  I end up having to turn the overdrive off, and then turning the amp up loud and turning the guitar down real low.  If you have issues with volume control in your house- then make sure to get a set of headphones- or else you could suffer the dirty looks, and the banishment I have suffered.  All in all a real nice practice amp at a good price point. overallrating 4   lineend
name Blaine T. Jones review I bought this gig bag to carry my Fender strat around. I'm just starting to learn guitar so I didn't really know much about my options. I figured I had a Fender guitar so I might as well get a Fender gig bag.Little did I realize how good this one really is. Most gig bags don't come with all these storage pockets. There's plenty of room for a few books, an electronic tuner, string winder, strings, whatever.Padding could always be more, but that's the case with probably any soft-shell bag you buy.All-in-all, I like this bag more and more since I've discovered that all the other options in the price range aren't nearly as good. overallrating 4   lineend
name Carver review  I really like the deluxe bags by fender.  Plenty of space for stuff, good straps and carry options and enough padding to provide as much protection as a soft bag can. overallrating 5   lineend
name Christian Matthew review The previous reviewer obviously got a defective case. The case I got works incredibly well, and always keeps the guitar well protected, and my back comfortable while carrying it. It has a lot of space, and it looks pretty good too. I'd recommend it to anyone!EDIT  I've had 3 good years with this bag, and it has still yet to rip on me. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dako review  I bought this bag mostly for practice sessions here and there, or across town. It's a decent build quality, but I wouldn't feel comfortable assigning it to gig duty. It's got a fair amount of padding, and a nice storage array, but once again, I personally feel this bag is more suited for a 12 mile trip to practice or lessons. overallrating 4   lineend
name David W review  I just got this and love it.  My Fender Stratocaster fits perfectly into the bag, padded well too.  I can fit all of my &#34;stuff&#34; into the MANY pockets as well.  This bag is amazing and nothing like what I expected for the price I paid.  It has shoulder straps to carry the bag and contents on my back and also has a large loop to hang the bag on a door or hook too.  If you need a bag to protect your fender and to carry you stuff in, buy this one.  I LOVE IT.  I would expect to pay a hundred bucks for this kind of quality but only spent 30 bucks. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael W DeSilva review This is an excellent gig bag. Plenty of compartments for all of your accessories. Well padded and has enough carrying options. A good buy. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bobby L. Tefft review I have one gig bag already (not like this Fender), and wanted another gig bag for a third guitar I bought.  This Fender is lots better then my other bag.  My other bag has the storage pockets on the broad bottom part but not the nice storage pockets up on the neck like this Fender bag.  The Finder's padding is a bit better than my other bag also, but, of course, neither is as good as hard case.I am handicapped with a prosthesis on my right leg.  I need the back pack straps on back of a gig back to help me transport my guitar, because I use crutches and they require my hands.  The Fender's straps are great.  The left strap on my other gig bag would often work its over and off my shoulder and then the guitar would hang all catty-wompass and it became difficult for me to carry.  The straps on this Fender stay put - love it.The guitar I tote in this bag is a Martin HD-28.  But, it can also my Blueridge BR-180 or my Seagull S6 Coastal Spruce.  Either of my three acoustic guitars fit the Fender gig bag perfectly.Like I said, its a great gig bag.  If I ever need another, I'll be getting another Fender gig bag. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. L. Sniderman review  Really am impressed with this gig bag. My beloved Jasmine fits perfectly inside, has nice padding, tons of pockets to store stuff, backpack straps and handle for easy carrying, and it looks FAB! Love the price too. Can't go wrong with this one. overallrating 5   lineend
name E. Temple review I was at Guitar Center looking for the right gig bag for my recently purchased Ibanez EW20ASENT Acoustic Guitar, which is virtually identical to theIbanez EW20ZWENT Exotic Woods Series Zebrawood Acoustic Electric Cutaway Guitar, but everything they had in stock was a bit too small... I've been playing electric for many years, but this was my first acoustic purchase. Turns out I have the review  s, but I was apprehensive about having to return it if the dimensions weren't correct... I couldn't find ANY info on the web about the interior dimensions of this bag, so I took the leap... and I'm so glad I did! Bag is not too snug, not too loose, and has a great array of zippered pockets and dual shoulder straps. Great padding, yet still lightweight. And a great price! And it arrived a day early... sweet. Ibanez EW20 body (not neck) dimensions: W 16\ D 5\ L 20\". Thank you Amazon & Fender! overallrating 5   lineend
name Garyb review Look no further these are great bags.. Well padded, lots of good pockets, does all that it should. Very pleased.. overallrating 5   lineend
name Maria A review This arrived a week sooner then expected!  I am very happy with this bag, my Fender LH San Miguel Acoustic guitar fits perfectly!  It is nicely padded and has lots of pockets for anything you might need to carry. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark Crabtree review I went with this over road runner because of the pouch designs which i like better because they are square. Unfortunately I think the Roadrunner is better quality, thicker material. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael review works great and looks great, low price so overall i would recommend it to anyone that needs a soft case overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul 1946 review  I was very happy to get this bag and the quality is excellent!.  I have a Seagull S6 Dreadnought and it fits in this bag like a glove.  The zippers are also very high quality and this bag will last a long time. Another great quality of this bag is the insulation factor. I had to travel in some very cold weather to a friends home and I fully expected to have to retune my guitar... not so... it was still in tune and the cold had no effect during transport due to the insulation of this bag. overallrating 5   lineend
name David W review  I bought this one for one of my heavier guitars hoping for some shoulder relief and it does the job.  It's inexpensive and the padding is excellent.  It looks like it will last too. overallrating 5   lineend
name DrummerLD review I got this to use with my 12 string. It is a huge improvement over my other strap, but it is not as padded as some that you'll pay a higher price for. It does the job, however. For this price you will be satisfied. overallrating 3   lineend
name Jake review My new electric guitar isn't particularly comfortable to play while sitting, so I needed a strap.  I've played with straps in the past and always found them to be uncomfortable, so I hoped to find a padded strap that didn't break the bank.  This strap fits the bill just fine.  Depending on the angle that your pegs are set, however, you may find that the holes in the strap will with time enlarge to the point that the guitar is always in danger of falling.  If your pegs are set at an angle, like on a Strat, this strap will last forever.  If you're on a guitar with a horizontal peg, like a LP, you'll probably want to invest in some strap locks as well.  This will move the pressure from the strap holes to the metal locks and both extend the lifetime of the strap and its security.  The padding is OK, but not great - however, it's certainly better than a regular nylon strap and does a good job of forcing the strap to lay flat across the shoulder which is a huge bonus. overallrating 4   lineend
name jryan review Mid-level quality. The shoulder strap tends to move while you play. Gets the job done, but not for the serious guitarist. overallrating 3   lineend
name LARRY review I enjoy using this strap on some of my guitars. Easy to install and remove. 5 stars to the seller and the strap itself overallrating 5   lineend
name LHardyRN review Decent quality for the price.  Fits the acoustic guitar as intended and seems comfortable to the person it was purchased for. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ordinary guy review Bought this strap to provide extra comfort for my young son who has to hold up a relatively heavy electric guitar.  Suggestions to make this better woudl be a slidable padding, and to have the padded area longer. overallrating 4   lineend
name zdeptawa review This guitar strap performs as expected for it's price. Great entry level guitar strap for those just getting started (or for a backup strap). overallrating 5   lineend
name A Customer review I paid only $29 and it is small and convenient. I was impressed with the sound.At first I played it with my Line 6 15 watt amp. I didn't like it cause of the squealing. But then I read how you use it and all that. Boy! It worked great.I use it with a Tascam US 100 USB plugin to my computer and I get a good sound for practice.I still like my Line 6 amp though for more sounds and sustain. But this is a bargain and small.You can use this with any USB audio interface.If you like AC/DC you would like this. There are different amp sounds you can get.Cheap and convenient I'am not disappointed.My opinion is that it sounds best with a USB guitar audio device such as Tascams US 100. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charlo review Great bang for the buck clone of a Tech 21 GT-2. This pedal does not have the build quality of the GT-2 but the controls are identical and it sounds darn good (especially for the pocket change they charge).  I have not done a gut-shot comparison of the two pedals so I can not comment on how close the actual circuits and components are.  The TM300 is more than just a distortion box.  It's more like a preamp.  I find that it does a very convincing mid scooped Twin type of clean as well as a decent Marshall type growl.  I find the Mesa to be the least authentic though it is not an unpleasant distortion by any means- it just doesn't sound like a Mesa imho.  If you are looking for triple rec distortion there are probably better dirt boxes for that.  I actually have the same criticism of my Tech 21 Tri-AC (really excellent pedal!)  The TM300 works well running into an amp and because it can simulate a mic'd cab it can also be run directly into a PA or mixer and bypass the amp completely. This thing actually takes other pedals reasonably well.  It can really breath new life into a mediocre practice amp (or any solid state). It can also be stowed in a bag easily enough so that you don't have to lug a backup amp to gigs.  I find it much more realistic sounding than digital modelers but it doesn't quite 100% replicate the sound and touch sensativity of a tube amp being pushed (they haven't invented that yet in my opinion). It doesn't replace a tube amp for me personally but if you are contemplating running straight into the PA because lugging your amp is impractical this is a no-brainer. Five stars for what it does at this price.  If you are a hobbyist or weekend warrior this pedal will cover the bases.  If you make your living doing live performances (or if price is not factored into your decision making) I would advise you to pony up the extra money for the Tech 21 product because their overall build quality is much higher (with regards to the enclosure, switch, knobs, jacks), their customer service is top-shelf and they are engineered/manufactured right in NYC.  I own three Tech 21 pedals and previously owned their Trademark 60 amp and I can attest to the difference in overall build quality between their products and Behringer's.  Sound-wise they are very very similar though and I DO have much love for these inexpensive Behringer pedals.  I own close to a dozen of them and I have not encountered a single malfunction in more than 2 years. overallrating 5   lineend
name eatablog review I read the reviews on this product and decided that a lot of these reviewers probably know more about guitar effects than I do and since most people seemed to like it, I figured I'd give it a try.  I was not disappointed at all.  It gives you great sound for solos.  I've tried it on a few different kinds genres and found that it's quite versatile.  I still have to play with the settings a bit to really get the sound I want, but I think that's just learning about the effects this box provides. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ed review Stumbled upon this while looking for another pedal. I read the reviews and decided to give it a chance; how could I lose at this price? I put it in my cart and continued shopping.Guess what...the reviewers weren't lying (except that one guy who gave it a 2..what a BS review)!It arrived today, and I decided to give it a quick workout. I grabbed a small amp (Fender Frontman 15) and plugged in my Strat (with a Seymour Duncan Hotrail at the bridge) and gave it a go. The 'quick workout' turned into an hour long jam session as I got caught up in what this pedal can do. It turned my little solid state amp into a fire breather! With the mic at off X, middle set at Hot, and California and 3/4 gain...this thing just SCREAMS for solos and is very heavy for rhythm. I spent a good deal of time with this setting just blazing away.The Tweed and Brit settings were great too, as I tweaked a multitude of tones from this beast. I've had Behringer pedals before and even though they were decent (vintage delay, slow motion, compressor, eq), I didn't get excited about them. In fact, I sold the delay and slow mo recently. This pedal however, is going to get some serious use. I'm not crazy about the plastic casing, but it seems sturdy enough. I can't recommend this pedal enough...the reviews were right! You won't be sorry. overallrating 5   lineend
name frank arcidiacona review Its one great modeler,i like the tweed that old tube sound and mic position on cabinets.I am using this with bass, gives you a really clean treble and distortion if you like also, try it  with bass you will like it.rock on. overallrating 5   lineend
name grandpa review  I don't have a lot of experience with effects stomp boxes, but enough to know when I have a winner. Behringer's TM300 is made from tough plastic. The 3 other Beheringers I have had about a year don't look warn and scarred, and sound as good as the day I got them. The tube mode pedal has an incredible flavor of tones. Fender clean, bright, British crunch and distortion, a hot  Gain and sweet smooth California sound.  I am playing out of a Peavey, but I hear a tweed. Amazing clarity, and worth the $28 and change. You won't be disappointed. overallrating 5   lineend
name kbgulfcoast review Good price and sound. Classic behringer plastic housing I haven't had a problem with ever but I don't dog my stuff... Favor this over built in analog drives, nicer crunch and dirt that's flexible. Fair to say real tube is the best, but for analog and practice amps this does put some life in the tone.  Can't say for metal as I'm not so into, but everything else find this fits the bill. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert M. Koretsky review  s that say that this is a digital knockoff of the analog Sansamp GT2, and based on its performance so far, it has served as kind of like a cheap preview of what the Sansamp can do. I would consider getting the GT2 in the future, but for now this product is, for me, the poor man's tube amp. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charlo review Folks that like the original Ibanez Tube King will love this pedal.  Sturdier construction than most of Behrenger's other pedals-  The housing is metal and the knobs seem a bit more solid.  Folks talk about how bad the stock tube is, but that has not been my experience.  I may experement with a low gain JJ in the future, but the stock tube is staying put for now.  Maybe I got lucky and they 'hand selected' the right one?  This unit sounds really incredible when it's running into the front end of my EL84 powered tube amp.  The sound is really organic and gritty, with great harmonics and smooth sustain. Sounds decent but not nearly as good going into a solid state amp (no suprise there).  Still, an improvement from the sterile solid state tone.  Be forewarned - this pedal is gigantic in dimension.  Who cares, so long as it sounds this good??  I'd wanted a vintage Chandler/Butler Tube Driver forever, but now I honestly don't need one.  This pedal gets me there on the cheap! overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Ruud review  The VT999 Vintage Tube Monster has quite quickly become my go-to overdrive pedal, surpassing other OD pedals I've used, including the Digitech Bad Monkey, the Ibanez TS9 Tubescreamer, the Boss SD-1 Super Overdrive, and remarkably, the Fulltone Fulldrive 2 MOSFET.The VT999 has several things going for it --- Tweakable EQ (High/Mid/Low) which allows you to run a full spectrum, from muddy, dirty low OD sounds, even from a single coil, to bright, screaming lead tones with high mids or highs.- Noise gate which can not only eliminate single coil hum but can also be used to \"squeeze\" the tone for some interesting effects- Wide range gain that gets dirty around 9 o'clock and full-on distortion when crankedNow, for full disclosure sake, I did change out the tube to a JJ Tesla 12AX7, but most people who know tubes will tell you that really, tubes are often hit-or-miss, simply on account of them being analog, heater-based elements. That's part of the fun of tube-based OD. I have played a VT999 that had a great sounding overdrive, but mine didn't have that sound until I put in a new tube. Try it out with the stock tube, and go to a different tube if you don't like it. At least try a new tube before giving up.There are two things that I don't like about the VT999, and I can tell you -- both gripes have nothing to do with sound or tone. This pedal got it 100% right with tone after a tube switch. The 2 issues are:- The housing is huge, and if you look inside, it seems like a waste of space. There's a lot of open space with nothing there, and while I can concede that tubes heat up and need space to dissipate heat, it's a bit overboard.- Compared to the Fulldrive, the lack of a boost switch is really a miss. Especially given the large enclosure, it would make perfect sense to move the 5 knobs to the top half of the pedal and put a boost switch on the right hand side. That'd take little effort, and given the independent power of this pedal, would be a piece of cake to achieve. Heck, I could probably do it myself, but I don't want to ruin the good sound this produces.Bottom line, I understand that on a pedalboard, real estate is everything. This takes up at least the space of 2 pedals. Is it worth it? To me, it is. I run 2 OD pedals on my 2-row board, and I can honestly say, in the last 10 gigs, I have never gone to the other OD. It's been the Vintage Tube Monster every time. overallrating 4   lineend
name Gordon Tubbs review BOTTOM LINE UP FRONT: The Behringer VT999 Vintage Tube Monster is indeed a monster of a pedal. Those seeking a hot rodded sound to your amp would be wise to check this product out, as the level of boost and gain derived from the stock 12AX7 is enough to push any tube amp's clean channel into saturated overdrive.Featuring 3-band EQ that ranges from barely noticeable to perhaps &#34;too much&#34;, I was surprised that I actually found myself backing off some of the knobs because I expected this to be a cheap pedal that needed it's EQ to be pushed to max in order to get any playable tone out of it. I was wrong. The Master and Gain knobs work exactly like a tube amp channel. The Noise Suppressor is a nifty feature that drastically reduces white noise.Roughly taking up the space of 3 standard pedals on your pedalboard, many probably wonder if it's even worth the real estate compared to other overdrives. However, when it comes to tube-based pedals, big is par for the course.The stock tube is decent to the point where you can get some musical tones out of the pedal. I personally don't plan on changing the stock tube any time soon because I want to test its limits, but the gain range is effectively Boss OD-1 to DS-1, so YES - it is possible to get some metal tones out of this pedal, especially those late 80s/early 90s Marshall-driven metal tones.I honestly can't say anything overtly bad or wrong with this pedal. I judge gear with my EARS and by its VALUE, not by PRICE, but honestly... for $50, you literally can't go wrong. There are worse pedals you could buy for more money quite honestly. Even with a $10-$15 mod to change the tube to something more your preference, you're still looking at a relatively inexpensive pedal with an amazing value. But if you're looking for other tube overdrives, check these out: Effectrode Tube Drive ($350), Maxon TBO-9 True Tube Boost/Overdrive ($263), and the Ibanez Tube King ($170).If you're on the fence with this thing, go ahead and jump over and get one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark Showalter review  With some trials using different tubes this pedal can add something that is very tough to get otherwise. I run my guitar direct because I don't like amps or having to cart the things around. There are so many shades of tone available that it's tough to really praise this gadget enough especially considering the low cost. I also found using a compresser before it helps. I have a Pigtronix Philosopher's Tone & it made a big differrence. I highly reccomend this tube pre-amp & encourage trying out different tubes to get the sound you want. overallrating 5   lineend
name Raul Diaz Pea review It sounds good. Not as a professional tube driver, but quite well for the price. Perfect for begginners and intermediate players that can't afford something else that is a little bit more expensive. overallrating 4   lineend
name sid review This thing is amazing. Like many I cannot afford a tube amp. This transforms my solid state amps into something very comparable to the tube amps I played years ago. Sustain and harmonics are insane. Preamp is very precise and allows for a nice variety of tones.The unit is very heavy and rugged. The only component I would be concerned with over time is the battery adapter but this is replaceable at low cost. overallrating 5   lineend
name Writer365 review I have a Blue Voodoo all tube amp. It's a dinosaur but has a great tone. Sadly, I tried revamping it with all new tubes, but though it gave me the drive I needed, it also raised the noise level tremendously. This was my last resource before selling an amp I did not want to part with. I thought this pedal would do the trick. I was right. You would think with just one AX7 tube you would get just so much drive, but this puppy gives more than expected. Behringer used to be known as junk, but no more. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gomer review  nice bag ,padding it good ,i just wish the hooks weren't plastic ,, not shore how long they will last,, overallrating 4   lineend
name Janeelizabeth review Purchased for my Epiphone electric guitar... perfect... has a separate area for my sheet music, picks and capo. Nice bag... I REALLY like it!!!!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name jb review Everything I would want in a gig bag! A quality bag for a quality instrument. What you see is what you get. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rojimbo review This bag is simple yet it's really thick so it makes you feel like your guitar is safe, I have seen many gig bags rip, tear or seen the straps rip off them but not with this baby, its sturdy and cool, with its design and pick designed zipper, I didn't expect to be that cool overallrating 5   lineend
name RS617 review Despite an overwhelming petroleum smell coming out of the box, this is a high-quality gig bag with plenty of storage space. Fits either a Tele or Strat. I don't typically keep my guitars in their cases, but bags like this one come in handy for gigs, short trips, moves, etc. Nice styling touches, too. The bag has removable back-straps for carrying ease. overallrating 4   lineend
name Salik ali review   for not enough padding because this guitar has about the same amount of padding as most soft cases. this is also a pretty handsome looking case,if thats what you care about. overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review My guitars largely stay at home, so they don't require the heavy duty protection of a large hard case.  Hard cases almost always cost 70 dollars or more, and also take up about twice as much room, which is problematic for storing multiple instruments.  In most cases, a good soft gig bag with padding should protect your instrument against light bumps and bangs, and costs about 1/4 of the price of a hard case.I bought two different variations of the Fender Gig Bag, and I believe the one pictured here is the one that has Fender Medium guitar picks as zipper handles, which is a cool touch.  The case fits my Fender/Squier Strat guitars (or other guitars of a similar size) snugly.  There is not a ton of padding, but more than you might think from the pictures, especially on top.  The pocket is fine, and there are a variety of adjustable handles and straps.  I can't say that the zippers will withstand years of use, but for most uses, they should do just fine.  Glad to have this as an affordable option to protect my guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name A Conrad review  I tune my guitars, ukuleles, cavaquinhos, and piano with various tuners, like the Korg GA-40 or Korg CA-40 or Korg TM-40, and I pair this Korg CM-100 Tuner Clip and the difference is huge.  You no longer have to worry about background noiseI clip it on the headstock of my guitar/uke/cava and it tunes them quite well.  On the piano, I can clip it on any part and it picks up on the tuner.  It works as well as most/all of the clip-on tuners you see on various guitars and ukuleles nowadays, but if you have one of the chromatic tuners that don't directly clip on (like the Intelli IMT series), then this will make it work 100x better (okay, slightly exaggerated) because the ambient noise is not picked up by the tuner's microphone.I give this accessory high marks, and I highly recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name CrochetGranny7 review  I have a Korg tuner but found that I needed this so it would not pick up sounds in the room and interfere while I was tuning my Dulcimer. Now I just plug this into the tuner and thenclip it onto the headstock of my Dulcimer. Now I can tune my instrument anywhere without picking up background noise. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jerry E. Semler review The Korg CM-100L Clip On Contact Microphone For Tuners is a great product.  I would recommend it to anyone needing to tune an instrument.  My instructor, who has been playing a violin for about 40 years, brought one to my private lesson recently.  Because it did not pick up extraneous room noises, it made tuning my violin for the lesson so much faster and easier. overallrating 5   lineend
name Peter review  Not as good as the headstock tuner I purchased. I used it a few times. It can be used as tuner or a pickup for my acoustic.  I wouldn't buy another one. overallrating 3   lineend
name P.K. Frary review  I teach guitar classes at a community college and spend my days in a room full of twangin' 'n strummin' guitars. Human ears and tuners with external mics, including iPhone app tuners, have trouble in such an environment. Why? The cacophony of competing pitches befuddle both brains and tuning machines.  So I bring an extra beefySeiko Sat800 Durable Style Chromatic Tunerand Korg CM-100L mic to class for students to use. And it works great: clip to the headstock and it isolates their guitar from the din and delivers a clean signal to the Seiko.The Seiko tuner has hit the deck many times and still looks like new after a couple years. Unfortunately the CM-100L is not nearly as durable: wires are thin, delicate and prone to breaking. If I was the only one using the CM-100L, it would probably last for many years. But students are rough and can't stop themselves from tightly wrapping the wire around the tuner after they're finished (although I ask them not to). The wire gets stressed at the mic clip and/or plug and shorts out. I burn through one or two CM-100L per semester. I found a big gob of silicon sealant on stress points helps extend the life of the wire (electrical tape is useless).Great product: easy to use and makes tuning in a room full of guitars a snap. Wish they made an industrial strength model with big beefy cables... overallrating 4   lineend
name Seph review Bought this to tune my hammered dulcimer. The clip is a bit larger than I expected, but it just fits on to the bridges under the strings. If I had paid more attention to the picture on the site I would have known how large the clip is in relation to the 1/4\ review  mention that the clip they received was not labeled Korg. The one I got is labeled, both on the package and on the clip. overallrating 4   lineend
name David Burch review This neck plate rides on the body of a Mexico-made Jazz Bass which I acquired second-hand, replacing the blank factory plate. It could be thicker -- it deformed somewhat when the screws were snugged up. Still, the guitar now sports the old Sixties Fender &#34;F&#34; logo. overallrating 4   lineend
name djinx review I was upgrading all the chrome on a MIM and put this on.  Looks better than the plain one.  Includes the screws. overallrating 5   lineend
name fendertele67 review I have purchased three of the Fender \"f\" neck plates for three different MIM Strats. They all went on easy, caused no problem and they look really cool. overallrating 5   lineend
name grandpa review  It is a Fender product, so it is well made. Reasonably priced. It will make any Strat or Tele build shine. overallrating 5   lineend
name H18 review It looks nice on our Fender Blacktop Bass plus the locks, it completely changed the look of the bass, details overallrating 5   lineend
name Jon review There was nothing wrong with my original neckplate, but I was replacing the rest of the hardwear and pick this up just to add just a little something extra.  IT was a direct replacement for the original. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael A. Johnson review looks and fits great on my start, nothing more I can ask for! my original neckplate was slightly bent in one corner before I replaced it with this one overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr. Practical review It looks fine but as other reviewers have pointed out is thinner than the OEM plate that came on the guitar. Some people mentioned putting shims behind it but a better idea might be to cut the ends of the neck screws down by an 1/8th of an inch so that you don't screw the neck screws in too far.  The plate was delivered on time and as promised by Amazon. overallrating 5   lineend
name Nilram review I just slapped one of these on my reliced '94 MIM Fender Strat. It looks very slick!. Only issue is that it got scratched already after having it for less than a month. overallrating 4   lineend
name overbybr review I put this on my Fender Jazz Bass after I bought a new neck for it. This plate work the exact same as the stock plate, but it dresses the bass up a bit. This is not a mod that people will see (like pickup covers), but I like the way it looks when I pick it up to play. overallrating 5   lineend
name Reaperman review Actually arrived in the proper bag and looked great. Had issues before with company but they resolved all issues. I would do business with them again. Thanks for taking care of me. Pleasure doing business with you overallrating 5   lineend
name Rich review This is a very nice looking back plate and for the price its cheep the holes are in the right place for the screws . overallrating 5   lineend
name Salvatore Quaglieri review Nice F logo upgrade on my squier deluxe strat. Installed easy and the screws and everything were correct. I would recommend this :) overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review Not much to say about a chrome neckplate - it's largely a cosmetic item.  But my old one (with the serial number) was corroding pretty bad, and I liked the look of the new one.  A few people have mentioned that it's thinner, but assuming you also have the \"pad\" underneath (which you should) that was not a problem for me at all.  Anybody who dented theirs likely overtightened the screws.  Installation took all of 5 minutes and the neck is set up exactly as it was before.  Looks great! overallrating 5   lineend
name Video Services Of Va review Never really had to mess much with this item. Its a quality piece of metal with the nice F logo on it. Mounted my cheap Amazon start neck just fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name WBowie review I bought this new Fender F neck plate to replace the plain one I had on one of my MIM Strats. but at this time I am not sure I like what I have done. It appears a little thinner than the original and just doesn't look as &#34;original&#34;. overallrating 3   lineend
name Christopher C review A must have for the Yamaha PA130. You can plug ti in instead of using 100 batteries. That keeps the weight down tremendously and as long as yo have a plug youa re good to go. overallrating 5   lineend
name j flavors review Good  power supply for the cheaper Yamaha keyboards. I have never understood why Yamaha keyboards don't come with a power supply? So, I found a suitable power supply for the instrument and works fine. No problems.Don't buy the one from the store, this is cheaper. Be patient and get this one. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Poehner review If you buy the keyboard you're going to need the power adaptor. Sucks that Yamaha runs this scam of not supplying the power cord and making you buy it separate but I suppose the nickle and dimes really add up for them. Power cord fine. Yamaha shady. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Lin review  I bought this to replace another adapter that came with the Yamaha keyboard I bought at Costco long time ago.The original adapter was bulky and heavy and that's what caused the wires inside to break.Tried to stripped the rubber coating and soldered the wires together, but after short use, the heavy head of the adapter still ripped the wires apart.When it is big and heavy, when you unplug it, sometimes the kids hold the cable instead of the adapter.But the cable can not support the weight thus making it rip.This new design is actually a bit more powerful but only a fraction of the weight and size.It works beautifully the moment I plugged it in.BTW, I am using this NOT on the CP series.  It actually works for the cheaper keyboards too.My CP33 has this identical adapter which I tested on the other cheap keyboard before I bought it.It's great.And shipping was fast. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sean P. Owens review  ed since we all know it should be included with the product it is powering. That being said, it functions as it was intended to, which is to power a Yamaha PSRE333 61-key portable keyboard. It fits perfectly and stays put, all while transmitting electrical current from my home's 110v outlet into the aforementioned Yamaha keyboard. Thanks for reading.SPO overallrating 4   lineend
name T T Smirniotopoulos review The Yamaha keyboards that take batteries don't come with an AC power adapter. No problem. I got this the week after Christmas and it works like it came with the keyboard. overallrating 5   lineend
name F. Sasso review  I am collecting these unique guitar picks and putting them into pick display cases.  This is a great pick!  I am using the other 5 and they play very well! overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike review Really cool looking and are nice picks for the $$.  The eye holes really do make it a better gripping pick than a standard pick.  Great deal from amazon - - thanks!!  I will definitely buy more of these in the future!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Robin Lopate review a little small for my hands, but the kids that take lessons from me loved them.  Cute idea.  Would like different holiday designs like this. overallrating 3   lineend
name Surferofromantica review  These picks are pretty cool, fairly stiff despite their thinness. They are also a bit pointier than regular picks, and the eye holes give it an interesting tactile quality. Nice to try something new, although they are a bit slippery. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tammy R Slayton review I rarely play with one, as I prefer a thin pick and these are more along the lines of medium, but when I do pull one out of my pocket to play, it always gets attention. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bon review It's a button.  It's not fancy, it's silver, it screwed into my ukulele with no problem, and it works very well. overallrating 4   lineend
name Brynn review One of the strap buttons on a guitar I was given as a gift was missing.  I was told that it would need some minor repairs, so all I had to do was replace a strap button and get some strings for it.This strap button was screwed right in the minute I got it and it worked like a charm.  I put the strap right on afterwards and started playing it and it hasn't given me any problems. overallrating 5   lineend
name C.E. review  My Takamine guitar needed a strap button and this button does the job. The quality seems to be good and installation went fine.For those of you who are unsure about drilling a hole into the guitar, I would only recommend drilling into cheaper guitars (Unless you know what your doing, of course) overallrating 5   lineend
name guillajp review very quick shipping, it works perfectly, I was able to screw it in without and pre-drilling as well.  works with multiple straps as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Johanna Livingstone review  Nothing that spectacular really! It did it's job. Was easy for my husband to use. Made me able to use a strap on my guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name kiboy review  In fact it's beautiful and totally functional. The only reason it gets four stars is due to the fact that it doesn't come with a felt washer to protect your instrument and I had to fashion one myself.  I'd buy it again but they should really include a washer. overallrating 4   lineend
name Leseagle review Great Strap Button very solid, aluminum and is easy to get that leather strap hole slips in very easy... very pro. overallrating 4   lineend
name Luckystar review The only thing that would have been nicer and bumped the rating up would be to send a felt pad with the button. I used a rubber washer I had and that worked very well. It was easy to install. overallrating 4   lineend
name Matt review It's a simple strap button, don't know what else to say, I can't imagine a strap button not serving it's purpose. I hate minimum word review requirements. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I've got two other Levy's cotton straps that I picked up at local brick and mortar stores and they're fantastic! I picked one up on Amazon and I was unaware that there was an 'extended length' version and that it was what I had bought before. I suppose it's just easier for theNo big deal though, just an observation worth noting because if  you just picked one of these up based on prior purchases (and you're a big guy like me and/or you play with the guitar/bass around your knees) you may not be getting what you thought.In any case, these are very comfortable (soft edge), they stick on you (as opposed to some other materials which may tend to slide down), and they last. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ana Pendragon review Wonderful and inexpensive strap. I use these for all my electrics and have had no problems.Well made and easy to adjust. overallrating 5   lineend
name bman review This strap feels pretty good and feels like it would be more durable than the cheaper stuff. The only issue I have with it is that the ends are not the same size so I could not install my Dunlop Straploks for it. It may just have been the one I got though. overallrating 4   lineend
name C. Hill review  This Levy's Leathers \"2inch Cotton Guitar Strap\" is good looking (in an understated sort of way), very well made, adjustable and extremely comfortable, and works exactly as expected.We bought this for my son as a \"starter\" strap and figure he will buy a more flashy one someday, but this one looks like it will be used for the foreseeable future!Highly Recommended!CFH overallrating 5   lineend
name Dennis review  Not much to say about a guitar strap... except I had planned to use it on a Simga acoustic without a pin at the neck. I ended up using the strap on my Strat for the acoustic and this one is on the Strat. This one doesn't come with a wrap or tie for the nut so, it is for use with a guitar with a pin at both sides of the body. If you need to secure one end at the headstock, this is not an option. It is comfortable though. overallrating 3   lineend
name D. Jones review  .This strap is softer and better made than the poly ones.It even comes with a string tie for your acoustic, which you might need.Consider taking my advice: Treat yourself.$15 for a strap -when guitars cost hundreds (if not thousands) of dollars- is not much.Besides, the cotton and suede will not scratch your axe...The only downside is that the strap ends are pretty thick and is very snug on my pegs.I use c-type snap-on strap locks but they will no longer fit.Maybe I'll see if the venerable Grolsch strap locks will work.You can spend more to get wider straps with more padding if you want but do not bother getting something cheaper unless a strap of at least this quality is on sale.Update: Too snug for Grolsch strap locks on the Squier also... overallrating 4   lineend
name Joe Average review  Very comfortable strap.  The cotton is soft and does not cut into my neck like some nylon straps do.  Seems sturdy and is holiding up well so far. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jonah Koonce review This is a perfect strap for my guitar. It's not rough on my neck and is very adjustable. It's very simple and is perfect for me. I'm very pleased with this purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name Nick review Classy and comfortable, it looks perfect on my beat up black '76 Tele custom. I've never had a complaint about a Levy's strap, they're expensive but always seem to be worth what you pay for them, unlike some other brands ( cough.. Fender...  cough). overallrating 5   lineend
name Pat review I admit I bought this only because John Frusciante uses a very similar style strap. But he has good taste. This strap is strong and sturdy. Even without strap locks I'm comfortable going crazy on stage. High quality, does not fray, stays on the guitar. Does what you want and need and looks great! overallrating 5   lineend
name PJY review  I like to walk around while I play. It's a hangup of mine. This strap works fine for that. The only thing I've noticed that can be annoying is that strap moves easily across my back so it is very easy to get the guitar out of position (the neck too high or too low). Other than that, it's a good deal for the price. Maybe I just need a shirt with more cling. overallrating 3   lineend
name Sean P. Owens review  In the interest of full disclosure, this is the first guitar strap I have ever owned. That being said, the strap is fairly soft and pliable, with that almost broken in feel. I was expecting it to be a little stiffer, but I'm glad it isn't. It fit my Ibanez acoustic just fine. My guitar is nothing fancy, so I would presume the \"strap locks\" are pretty standard. The fit is really tight at first, so that should be a good thing. I suppose I could have unscrewed my strap locks to facilitate mounting the strap, but I didn't.The range of fit seems pretty good to me. I am 6' tall and wear my acoustic up a little high, kind of \"folk style\" I guess. If I want to, I can adjust it so that it rides lower around my pelvis area. One end is suede on both sides and has the tanned leather-logo patch on it, while the other end is black suede on one side and tan suede on the backside. I can't see it marring the guitar at all. It is comfortable around my neck and shoulder. Made in Canada, seems well built and durable. Once again my left shoe is happy to have its lace back, and Keith gets to keep his head fashionable. If you have any questions, feel free to ask and I will answer as best I can. Thanks for reading.SPO overallrating 4   lineend
name Truthinadvertising review Only complaint is that the cameo is not as well done as shown in the picture.  Other than that the strap is of good quality. overallrating 4   lineend
name Daniel J. Griffin review  This is the most I've ever spent on a guitar strap. But I have to say it's well worth the price. Very comfortable and looks great too! overallrating 5   lineend
name Howard J. Herman review I don't play with a guitar below my waist. I am six feet tall. While very well made, wide, comfortable and good looking, this sling was far too short and had to be returned. overallrating 3   lineend
name Hurley review s and it seems that those using it for an electric guitar have no complaints, but being that my acoustic is a good 2-3 times as thick as an electric, it does not serve my needs. overallrating 4   lineend
name JdoubleH review Excellent strap for the money. The leather is thick and supple. In fact the materials are so thick, that it can be a little tricky to get the adjustment tail setup.A note about length- Some might find the standard Levy's strap length too short, so be aware what you need and note there are XL versions of these. For me, many straps on the market in this price range are just too long for me, including those from Franklin, Dunlop (BMF wide), and Mono (even the short model was about an inch too long). I'm a bass player and when standing, I prefer my bass to be at or just above waist height. A few basses, I prefer higher. I'd suggest if you have a strap which places your instrument where you are most comfortable, measure button hole to button hole and be sure you're ordering the right length. overallrating 5   lineend
name M. LeFevers review I used to have a regular guitar strap on my bass, but when I got a regular weekly bass gig and was using it more often, it started to feel like the strap was digging into my shoulder. Your mileage may vary on that, but I decided it was time to check out a wider strap that was actually intended for a bass.I read a lot of reviews and decided on this one -- some of the cheaper leather straps were described as stiff and uncomfortable, but this one was usually reviewed well. It was the perfect choice. This strap needs no wearing-in -- it's supple and soft right out of the box. The leather on top is smooth and classy looking, and the suede underneath is comfortable and soft, with good friction that helps it stay put on your shoulder. The wider strap distributes the weight of a bass better, and there is some cushioning between the two layers of leather that also helps. All of this adds up to a great deal of comfort.I use Dunlop strap locks on my instruments, and with a thicker strap like this, I had some concerns about getting them on there, but with a flat head screwdriver and a little bit of encouragement you can put strap locks on this strap, no problem.I would highly recommend this strap for any bass player, or even someone with an especially heavy guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Scott review I bought this because someone told me they really liked it...but it's just not a good product...for me anyways.I bought this to help disperse some of the weight of my Les Paul on my shoulder.  The problem is, the thick part of this strap is made too short so if I bring the neck of the guitar up to my shoulder at all, the weight of the guitar is now on the skinny part of the strap.The leather feels a bit cheap as well...you get what you pay for.I guess the strap is ok if you play with the guitar in one position...yippeee!I'll probably have to break-down and pay $100 for a real strap. overallrating 3   lineend
name Teh Arbitrageur review  Straps don't get any better than this.  Super leather, very well put-together.  Perhaps a bit wide, but i play short sets.  For the gigging pro, I think the width is an advantage in spreading out the weight.  excellent, just excellent. overallrating 5   lineend
name aceofbase review This thing is really comfortable, holds the weight of my les paul nicely. Its slightly wider than most other straps which helps distribute weight better, I can play for 2+ hours and my shoulders feel fine! I feed the narrow end through 3 of the strap holes and it sits flat and looks good. Well made, feels very strong.  Texture is very nice, doesnt slip.  Overall a very good product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bilbo review I usually don't buy many guitar straps, and when I do, I like to get a thick, leather-type one, because I've found any other strap seems to bite into my shoulder after a while, and I don't like having metal pieces on the strap that can scratch up my instruments.  I bought the black version; I think my days of jumping around and sweating while playing are over, so I probably won't worry about running colors (but I will keep an eye out for such a thing).  It's very adjustable (just not quickly adjustable), worked perfectly with my Straplocks, and keeps my 45 pound (it seems like it, anyway) Les Paul from digging into my shoulder.  The 2.5 inch width is fine for me, but if you're spending long hours strapped to a heavy monster, I'd go up to the 3 inch model, especially if you're going to be bouncing around for the greater part of 5 hours. overallrating 5   lineend
name CHUS01 Fan review I am average build and play a strat.  I shouldn't have to feel like this thing just barely fits me.  I wish it had at least one more inch. overallrating 3   lineend
name Dr. Freud review this strap works fine on my Fender Strat.  it is reasonably comfortable.  I was disappointed in that it does not fit the pegs of my Zager acoustic.  otherwise,  it works for a lower priced leather guitar strap. overallrating 4   lineend
name D_Strasse review  This is an excellent strap.This particular strap replaces a 2 inch wide model that I've had for at least 10 years.  That is a great strap and has held up wonderfully.  I fully expect this strap to match my old one for durability.So why the new strap?  By not using strap locks the area around the strap button holes is much looser than a new one would be.  Since I recently bought a new guitar I wanted a more secure strap without going fully to strap locks. So far so good.  Wider.  I wanted to see if a half inch difference in width made a difference.  Boy does it ever, the new 2.5 strap is really much more comfortable than my old 2 inch model.  It isn't a miracle, but it definitely is noticeable with my 9lb Les Paul.A consideration: This is suede and will fuzz for the first little while.  If that is an issue for you I would avoid this suede strap, and probably suede in general.  After these strap break in though they are very soft and supple.Highly recommended for confort and durability. overallrating 5   lineend
name H. Easter review What a nice strap! It's a really beautiful deep brown color that really harmonizes with the reddish mahogany back and sides of my dreadnought.The whole strap is leather--no adjustment hardware to scratch your instrument. It took me a little while to get used to this method, but now I don't even think of it. The main strap has several slots cut into it, and there's another piece that threads through the slots and then doubles back over itself to lock into place. It's simple and very secure. It makes adjusting the strap length a bit of a pain, but how often do you adjust your strap length once you've gotten it set? I almost never do.It's an affordable strap that looks elegant, is wide enough to be comfortable with an acoustic guitar, has great length adjustment range, and rolls up to fit in the case. I had to slightly enlarge one of the holes in order to make it fit the strapjack for my guitar--I have a pickup system installed, and the end button is a bit bigger than a standard strap button. Ten seconds with a sharp knife and my strap now fits perfectly. I would buy it again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Marty Gillis review Got the black one.  Bought this to help hold up my heavy Sheraton II and needed something at least 2 inches wide and strong to do it.  On that level this strap succeeds. It is definitely strong enough to keep my guitar from falling off or shifting on my shoulder.  It also looks very nice.But any positive thoughts I have about it are outweighed by the constant shedding of black dyed leather that continually falls off the strap and onto me, my guitar, my carpets, etc.I need things like guitar straps to be ready to USE without causing a shower of little leather bits all over the place!  I am not sure how long this will go on but I've been using it for two weeks now and there is a trail of small black leather wherever I go.  I have not encountered the dye running yet.Honestly if I had it to do over, I would skip this particular strap. Suede and me are not getting along too well at the moment. overallrating 3   lineend
name MetalFan review This is my thrid Levy's strap and it is as good as the rest of them that I have had for a few years. I have this strap in black also and hope this one holds up to the rigors of the others. I have seen on different sites that the dye is thin but I don't see a problem with it so far and I use it regularly. I have it adjusted to the largest size and wished they were a bit longer, but it is a standard size.I prefer this strap over other cheap leather straps because of the build quality and the fact that they are made in Canada and not china or somewhere oversees with cheaper materials. For the price, the strap works well and I would buy more Levy's straps if needed. overallrating 5   lineend
name michael king review This strap is a good quality piece of gear you wont be disappointed. I have these straps on all my gear very well made will last a lifetime! overallrating 5   lineend
name Operafanatic review This is my second black suede leather strap I've bought from Levy's.  I love them.  The 2.5&#34; is wide and comfy.  The strap is soft.  I have had no issues with any residue or the straps falling apart.  They're high quality.  And they offer plenty of length adjustments, without any buckles or metal of any kind. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul 1946 review  i got this despite the warnings about it being too short for some people.  The strap is about 6\" too short for my Seagull S6 guitar.  I will say the build quality is great but too short, is and remains, too short.  I will keep this item and take it to a shoe shop or saddle repair place and have and extendo put into the strap.  I just can't understand how they can sell this a a guitar strap when it is clearly too short.2/22/2013 I fired off an email to LEVY and the long and \"short\" of all this is you will have to fork over another $30 to buy an extendo for this strap. I don't quite understand why they don't make the strap long enough to start with other than the fact they can extract another $30 to make it work right in the first place.  here's a link to the extendo optionLEVY'S LEATHERS MMGXL-2.5-BRN STRAP EXTENDER LINK REMOVED the irony here is I managed to buy the last one for the immediate future.This is just another case of caveat emptor for all buyers to consider. I got the extendo strap and it does not match the original so now I have this cobbled up looking guitar strap. It's sort of like wearing a suede shoe on one foot and a polished leather shoe on the other.  I will keep this strap but sure feel like I've been had on this purchase... the terms bait and switch come to my mind. overallrating 1   lineend
name Perry D review Nice strap. Very comfortable. Doesn't cut into your body at any point. Easy to adjust. Worth the price. Would definitely buy another. overallrating 5   lineend
name Peter Padro review For players that want a high quality guitar strap that weighs almost nothing, last forever, stays in place, and has classic good looks there is not a better strap than Levy's natural leather, suede strap (without the piping and stiched edge). The dying of the suede side is deep and flawless and the strap is a quality piece of hide without bulk or unnecessary weight from padding.  Feels great to the touch and you quickly forget that its even touching your shoulder. It can be a little bit of a chore to get strap locks on, but once on I have never had any worries or failures so that my guitars are nick and ding free. Plenty of color choices.  This is a simple, elegant strap that inspires envy.  Planet wave has a nice strap that is the only one I've seen (and owned) that even comes close, but  there is no other suede strap that is even in the same ball park as the Levy MS26.  I own 4 and they are admired by everyone who sees them and slips them over their shoulder.  It could cause you to reconsider use of shoulder straps... It did for me. overallrating 5   lineend
name puddytat review A bit too soft but given the fact it does say made of suede you should expect it to be super soft.  Better for lighter guitars IMO overallrating 3   lineend
name seventhson review Price is great. Works perfect. Comfortable, and looks sharp. Not the least bit stiff like some leather products. My first experience with Levy, and completely satisfied. Thank you. Wayne overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Garza review  Gorgeous strapped to my son's Martin acoustic guitar. He loves it. It's pretty without distracting from the guitar itself. VERY well made and durable. I've even been able to clean it easily with a soft brush and water. The leather is a bit stiff, but it broke in in no time. This will last a very long time. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Cedeno review  s it is not soft it is stiff material. Yes you can bend it. It will probably last 2 life times. Ends are made of leather. One advantage is that once you set it to the appropriate length it will not change easily. If your switching to different size guitars, this could be a problem cause you can't make an on-the-fly quick adjustment on stage, you will be wrestling with it. overallrating 4   lineend
name John Ellis review This strap is really beautiful. The Native American pattern goes beautifully with the classical guitar I made with the images of wolves burned into the top. However, the leather ends are very thick and stiff, making it very hard to slip over the strap buttons on the guitar. I tried to put the snap-on strap buttons but had to really work the holes on the strap with an Exacto knife to get the strap to slip over them. I have a nice Ralph Marlin strap with soft, pliable leather on the ends and the slip on and off the strap buttons with little effort - workable with one hand. I'd give this Levy's strap 5 stars if its ends were as flexible. overallrating 3   lineend
name Leland W. Morris review  Levy's leathers could have made this guitar strap out of a softer material, especially on the edges.  It cuts into your neck horribly, even thru a shirt. Yukko.  The fake leather on the ends are unbelievably cheap. overallrating 2   lineend
name seventhson review Just a great strap. A straight up product well worth the money. Man, it's good to buy something from someone who puts their name, labor, and product on the line. Then delivers! Here it is..you want it, come get it. Can't miss dealing like that. Thank you. overallrating 5   lineend
name tommy review Put this on my cheap acoustic guitar and it looks so good, I might have to upgrade my guitar! Not much else to say about it.  It adjusts easily, and does exactly what it is supposed to do. overallrating 5   lineend
name 'brother' Bill review I have been using those webbed, nylon & sometimes cutting straps for years 'cause they were inexpensive (but not cheap). Don't know why I waited so long. Quality in this baby! ... comfortable too! overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeffrey A. Hawkins review  This is a well made guitar strap, and is exactly as described. Suede is of course less slippery than smooth leather, and 2 inches is fairly narrow. If this is what you want, then this guitar strap is perfect. If you prefer the strap slip easily, or distribute the weight of a heavy guitar more, then it won't be.Definitely top notch if this is what you are after though. 5-stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Network13 review First the goods: Sturdy leather construction just cant be beat. the color is spot on with the pictures shown.The Bads: It's a bit short, I have it on acoustic guitar that the forward mount is the &#34;shoe lace around the head stock&#34; method, I had to max this strap out to make the span. I'm a bigger guy, so a smaller person shouldn't have this problem. Then there's the whole friction of suede on clothing thing I hadn't considered. It drags and pulls your shirt really bad, making it a bit of a pain to get the guitar on a positioned where you want it to hang. That problem is not specific to this strap, but the material its made out of. It's high quality, but I didn't consider it trying to pull my shirt off. If had to do over again, I'd pass. overallrating 3   lineend
name seventhson review Sweet suede. The feel of suede is hard to beat. This strap fits right, feels good, and looks handsome. Levy's is dependable, reliable. What more? Thank you. overallrating 5   lineend
name Squidsmom review I bought this strap for my Luna 12 string.  The strap is very comfortable and durable which is exactly what I needed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Steve review The width is nice, wide enough to distribute the weight, but not too wide.  Attaching it is a snap.  The suede gives it a nice 'grip' to your shoulder so the guitar doesn't slide around. overallrating 5   lineend
name Carlo Verdi review Looks great, feels great, and works great! The leather is soft and adjusts to the contour of my shoulder and back comfortably and securely. great! I love it! overallrating 5   lineend
name carolinaautoguy review Width and padding are good for Heavier guitar (currently being used on a Les Paul). Finish, stitching, and adjustments are quality.The only issue I had was needing super human strength to push onto the strap pegs.You might want to unscrew and screw pegs back on with the strap in place...But that means the guitar is very secure, so I am very happy. overallrating 5   lineend
name D.T. review Study strap. Great feel, leather matches my instrument well. 2-1/2&#34; width worked well for me compared to the 4&#34; version. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fan Man review Heavy construction in layered leather.There is no pressure on the shoulder and it is very expensive looking.I will buy another in a second color. overallrating 5   lineend
name puddytat review This is hands down the most comfortable strap I own.  I am pretty sure it is really a bass strap but I use it on my electric guitars and it is superbly comfortable.  Not cheap but keep looking to see if there is a sale or a demo model.  Worth the wait. overallrating 5   lineend
name William J. Stasse review If you are playing a guitar that costs several hundreds to several thousand dollars, why would anyone buy a cheap guitar strap to hold it up. I have friends who think strap-locks are the best invention of the century but, I believe in buying a quality guitar strap & Levy's produces some of the best on the market. I own several acoustic & electric guitars... for the most part, I have a strap for each one except the pieces too valuable to take to a gig. Every strap is a Levy's...I'll call myself a veteran pro guitarist (I don't believe in using the word \"old\") who gigs about 12 - 15 days a month. This strap is comfortable to wear & strong enough to hold up my Gibson Les Paul Standard without any worries of dropping it. I've watched friends & band-mates constantly adjusting or reattaching their straps... I offer my advise to buy a quality strap & find most continue to use crap straps. BUY IT... You will love it! overallrating 4   lineend
name Chris Syria review it works, got it on time, good price overallrating 4   lineend
name DeAngelo D. review Ordered this and two cables! This came and it is so sleek and pretty and the xlr cables fit in it well but the button to turn on the phantom power is a little loose but other than that it is a wonderful little unit! I recommend! overallrating 5   lineend
name Eric Leberg review Plugged it in and it powered my Rode NT2 condenser mic.  I was delighted. overallrating 5   lineend
name realsteel review Delivery was Amazon fast, installation took all of 2 minutes and we were making music.  It has worked perfectly from the start and as continued without a flaw for the last 6 months, and we expect it to continue for years.  For the price you can't go wrong.  Mic sound is pristine, no noise, we use it for vocal recording in studio, run it off an M-Audio Mixer Keyboard which lacked Phantom power.  Top Recommendation. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Jackson review Phantom power supplies aren't very sexy items, but they're extremely important if you want to use condensor microphones. This Nady box is dead quiet and works like a charm. Totally no-frills, rock solid metal construction and you can't hear it at all. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sean Serritella review It supplies my microphones every time I run out. I'm glad I got this thing. I rate it five out of five stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayne Stewart review  Does what it says with no whining whatsoever, really quiet producing absolutely no audible hum. Very small footprint, too! Would I recommend it? Yes. I would. overallrating 5   lineend
name Billy review I have no idea what happened or if anyone else had this problem, but I got literally 8 plug-ins, and not the part where you can plug in an existing cable to make this into a chain. It's like I got an extension cord and male outlets on both ends. Soooo it's pretty much useless to me. I guess if you get one of those power blocks with 9v outlets on them, I guess you could plug this into it but I really see no point. I would've shipped it back I lost the packaging and just wrote it off as loss. I think I payed like $8 for it so whatever. I would recommend going to an actual music store so you can physically see both the male ends and the female end. overallrating 1   lineend
name Adam H review This daisy chain worked very well for me - no problems yet. I'm powering about six pedals currently, and I am able to use more than one without any problems or change in sound. I think this is a great way to power some basic effects without breaking the bank, and it should work with any single spot A/C adapter you might already have, so no need to buy another. overallrating 5   lineend
name BRIAN HICKS review I recently received my multi plug cable (daisy chain) for use with my guitar pedals and I am very pleased with one spots, product. I can tell it is a built to last cable with eight plugs spaced out enough to allow me to put my pedals where I like them. It plugged into my Behringer 9 volt power adapter nicely. Its so nice to not to have to replace 9 volt batteries every week. A real money saver in the long run. Buy this cable. overallrating 5   lineend
name Carlo Verdi review I ordered this plug because it is advertised as a &#34;1 Spot&#34; brand plug. It is not what I received. Instead I received a generic plug  for eight 9v connections that would definitely fit the purpose, but a really cheap version. The plugs on this generic version are larger than the 1 Spot and the wires are kind of stiff plastic. The original 1 Spot plug has much smaller plugs, great for saving space on a pedal board, and the wires are soft and &#34;rubbery&#34;, again making it easier to work with on a pedal board, specially if you're working with a pedal board like Pedaltrain where you can intertwine wires in and out between bars. I informed the seller about the issue and was told it was a mistake and that they would send me the correct one. In my email to them I included an image of the original packaging of the 1 Spot 8 Plug to make sure there would be no mistake, but to my amazement they sent me another compatible plug. I emailed them again for a refund, which they promptly did. I can say, that they did respond quickly and they refunded my money. I imagine that those who order this plug without ever having worked with an original 1 Spot plug, wouldn't know the difference because although it is a really cheap version it does have eight 9v connectors. I strongly recommend, spend the extra two or three dollars and get the original 1 Spot 8 Plug. overallrating 1   lineend
name Colin Hendrick review This is the cheapest and most effective way of saving a lot of money in wasted 9v batteries that will always run out on a gig, rather than when it doesn't matter. Linked to the power supply - which is still cheaper than any of the 9v ones supplied by the manufacturer. overallrating 5   lineend
name David Spangler review  This cable expands the capability of the One-Spot or Godlyke 9V adapter. The quality is very good and the length between plugs is more than adequate for most pedal boards. overallrating 5   lineend
name E. Guzman review After reading a bunch of reviews about this product, i was not sure about buying it , but i give it a try and i am completely satisfy, it doesn't ad noise to my pedal chain, i use it with a radioshack power supply 9v 2.5 A , and a can tell that not a sound came from electric issues.I'm not saying that it is better than a voodoo lab power brick , but for me work perfect and i don't see why not taking it out for Gigs. overallrating 5   lineend
name Guitar Operator review  Man...when I saw these things a light came on in my head...it was an &#34;uh, duh&#34; moment.No noise, plenty of length and nicely spaced with right-angle plugs for all your standard 9V DC pedals.Any complaints about noise with these cables it just a symptom of something wrong within their setup.I had an old wall-wart laying around and put it to good use.Check the total amount of amperage draw (usually 500-1000 milliamps) to make sure your wall-wart can handle it and daisy-chain away! overallrating 5   lineend
name Laytonium review I have 2 one spots which came with the 5 multi plug cable, after reading a little bit on the internet I read that the one spots can handle almost 10 pedals each (depends on the pedal, power handling etc.) So I saw they had an 8 plug cable and figured I would try it out. With adding many more pedals to my board, this is perfect. Def recommend if you have alot of pedals and only want to plug in once. overallrating 5   lineend
name zxrslant review  nice good like fine great fantastic like love nice good like love happy peppy perky free i do i do i do overallrating 5   lineend
name Applewhite Minyard review This is one of many Behringer pedals that offer a unique, stand-alone sound. The chorus effects are well known, and even included on many amps, and featured on almost every multi-effects pedal. I like the individual pedals because I can add in just what I want instead of relying on someone else's idea in a pre-set. This Chorus is just about right. It has a range of sounds for different situations, and is very reliable and well made. There is no problem with the B. tough plastic cases. If you want a metal housing, it's for some sentimental reason, thinking that metal is automatically better or more durable than plastic. You just need to push the off on switch, not bat baseballs. overallrating 4   lineend
name Brian review The chorus effect is a little weak. I use it now to get sort of a leslie effect. Clean the effect is a little weak. The adjustment knobs don't seem to do much either. overallrating 3   lineend
name docpain review  ) and nothing else. That said I LOVEBehringer products that I own. This guy was really cheap and actually the \"chorus\" part is weak...as comparedwith other chorus' I have such as (ART,ZOOM,PEAVEY,LINE-6,Gibson) Or we could say in a more positive phrase\"very subtle\" . The \"stereo\" effect for me was non-existant BUT realize I bought this item over buying a normalABY switch. Doing so saved me a bundle but in the long run I will pay for it. There is a high cycle hum in the background(which almost ALL chorus units end up having). But I can say it did the job as far as splitting a signal into 2 amplifierheads and doesnt seem to have a problem with the signal being delivered.  note  if you plan on using a 9volt dc adapteryou have laying around in yer gear/scrap bucket think again----wont work ...I tried 4 different 9volt dc adapters to no avail.all that said I still gota give the item its due.Negatives: the unit is made out of plastic and you will have to take it easy when engaging on/off. I had to take mine apart becausethe \"chorus\" wouldnt trigger \"on\" . It was due to the fact it just has a small strip of rubber that is supposed to engage with the buttonswitch on the electronics board . you may have to put something behind it or replace it. overallrating 3   lineend
name Joe Toland review I love this pedal! That said I would like to address some of the reviews I see on here. I have been playing guitar since I was 14 years old. I am now 57 so I have a few years of experience. First you guys who complain about the plastic housing. Are you jumping up and down on your effects pedals? If you are stop doing it. All you have to do is gently step on the switch and it works. The plastic housing is extremely strong and won't bust when used properly. The next thing I would like to address is the battery running down &#34;even when it's turned off&#34;. Every effects pedal I ever owned would run the battery down if you leave your guitar plugged in when not playing it. Get a one spot adapter and a daisy chain. It will save you a fortune. The ones saying the sound sucked, buy something besides a $50 amp, and learn where to put the chorus in the pedal chain. Thi is a good pedal and I've used it on stage for 2 years without a problem. That means I have spent about $11 a year for a pedal that has earned me Thousands! Buy one, learn how to use it and you'll be happy. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kevin McGonigal review First Behringer pedal I have returned. Almost no effect provided by pedal. I have returned the unit. Not worth it. Lousy pedal. overallrating 2   lineend
name legendery-sound. review hey rockers!!!  DON'T HESITATE BUY IT bEHRINGER IS A GREAT EFFECT IT IS MADE IN GERMANY ,, THAT SHOULD EXPLAIN ITS ENGINEERING ,, THE ONLY BAD THING IS THAT IS PLASTIC,, BUT DON'T LET THAT FULL UR EAR!!! THE effects put out same as some of the older brands ,,, i trust Behringer , i get more in tone and sound then what i payed for 100%,,,, this chorus is a wonderful effect and has a lot of color to the tone this effect is made well with thought behind it ,, and versatility as well... i say buy it. iv been using all kinds of brand effects ,, and at the end of the day like everything else you pay for the name,, and some times what u get may not value its name ,, that's why behringer proves that with its effects .. overallrating 4   lineend
name Pen Name review It's obviously modeling the boss super chorus but still sounds almost as good just not as clear overallrating 4   lineend
name Quique review I am user that likes behringer products. I know is plastic but ... Com on! It's just $25.What you should know about this pedal? It's like the BOSS CH-1 but a plastic version (a durable one by the way). overallrating 5   lineend
name Tony review I like Behringer pedals so I may be bias but this pedal really adds to my sound. I really helps with pick up overallrating 5   lineend
name Bret Hart review For the money (CHEAP!), this is worth getting. The loop feature is quite good, the delay/echo entirely satisfactory. Not as good as, say, a BOSS unit, but they cost 5x as much. Great for everything from slapback to long delay, with heap-big repeats available. The plastic housing might not stand-up to the road. Having the 9v adapter input on the side behind the in jack, rather than the back, seems wise. I've read some negative press about Behringer pedals, but personally cannot complain. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian review Basic delay. I found the adjustment knobs made very little effect on the pedal. The other thing is it changes your guitar tone pretty drastically. Made my tone thin and tinny. overallrating 3   lineend
name Charlo review Pretty much a straight up clone of the Boss pedal- and a decent one at that. Not the bulletproof construction of the boss to be sure, but all the functions are the same. This is not true bypass but neither is the Boss. I have not experienced the tone-suck or buzzing that others have complained about. Mine worked flawlessly out of the box and does a great job thickening up my leads in a Gilmour or EJ way. Is this the best digital delay on the market? Surely not, but it's the best cheap one. The pedal features up to 2 seconds of delay and a tap tempo function, however the instructions do not tell you how to engage the tap function(hold the pedal down). Believe me, you figure it out at this price point. If you want to spend double the price ($70- still cheap for a delay~), I would suggest the Ibanez DE7. Incidentally- this pedal- like any other digital delay or digital reverb- will EAT batteries. It's what they do, and is not a flaw related to this specific pedal. Invest in a daisy chain (SPOT or the like...) If you have a pedal train with multiple stomp boxes and you are running them via 9 volt it's a no-brainer. overallrating 5   lineend
name Claudia A. Portillo review for the price and options u can not beat this pedal, i just sound great with acoustic or electric guitar. thank u guys your pedals really kick butt! overallrating 5   lineend
name E. Temple review I bought this for occasional use with a guitar, mostly it collected dust. But...Sometimes I play guitar in a band where I mix from the stage, and the vocalist likes a little slappy echo on his voice, but between songs he likes the delay off... so I figured an experiment was in order.I ran 2 20' cables, one from the aux out on my board to the delay input, the other from the delay output to an open channel on my board. I turned the level to \"max\ and dialed the really wet signal into the monitors and FOH. I let him kick that pedal on and off all night... now I can concentrate on playing and not on whether I forgot to mute/unmute his stupid delay. Win! And it sounds pretty darned good, I shaved a little treble off the channel so it didn't get too \"in the way\ almost like an analog quality. Good stuff. overallrating 5   lineend
name John review i don't know much about delay and I've never really used it. This is a fun pedal, for a simple cool delay. Kinda makes you aware of what you are playing. Fun with blues/chorus sound! Yep! overallrating 5   lineend
name legendery-sound. review well Behringer!!!,, have to say that the electronics are german mind,, with all that says ,, go figure it out for yourself,, other then that !!.. plastic so i give 4 stars, cuz of the soft plastic case, and the trouble of changing batteries,, but u can use the charger and u will be well off.. sound is really awesome for the money , and it is high standard delay time and sound,, i don't think u can get the german quality anywhere else for 30 bucks,, i say buy it it is a great delay pedal,, and not only the delay most all Behringer effects are sounding great for the money,, can not go wrong.. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mike Black review This Behringer DD400 delay unit has a lot of great features. I particularly like the stereo outputs which allow the user to send the delayed signal to a separate amplifier for a dramatic stereo effect. The extra-long 1300 millisecond delay is great for Pink Floyd/David Gilmour style solos. The shorter delay settings allow for rockabilly slap back effects, although I hardly ever play in that style, so it doesn't matter that much to me.Here's where it gets weird: I tested the unit using a vintage Fender tube amp for the primary signal and a Vox Valvestate amp for the delayed signal. As long as I played loudly, everything worked quite well. However, when I set the guitar down for a moment, I started hearing voices. Yes, voices! The delay unit was picking up radio frequency interference a la Jimi Hendrix at Berkeley. I have no idea HOW it was doing this, but I could clearly hear some sort of radio transmission like CB or family band radio. The interference went away after a few minutes.As for design, I don't buy the \"German innovation\" advertising line from Behringer. This is obviously a cheap Chinese copy of the legendary Boss DD-7 which costs four times as much. If you want really good quality, buy the Boss unit! If you can get buy on a fairly cheap delay unit that talks to you from time to time, the Behringer is ok. overallrating 3   lineend
name mike ceely review as usual another good piece of equiptmentfrom behringer I not only use it for my guitars but also on my keyboardmakes real good sound  very adaptable again will buy more of their products as usual most of my purchases on amazon were quality stuff at good prices very efficient and fast delivery times overallrating 5   lineend
name paul day review WOW!!!!! this thing is fun to play with!!!this is my first delay pedal, so i cant compare it with others, but im so happy that i bought it! ive had it for about a month and played it for hours every day.  you can tweak the echo in 100's of different ways.the case seems to be sturdy and looks like it will last quite a while as long as i dont get over zelous and stomp on it too hard. im very happy with this product and im becoming a real fan of behringer products. overallrating 5   lineend
name Steveo review If you want U2 kind of sounds then this is a good entry into this type of sound. Thing i dont like is a poping sound when you tunr the time knob. For the price and home use its a good pedal for someone on a budget. overallrating 4   lineend
name thrashreno review i originally wanted the Boss DD, but after doing a side by side demo, i decided that i'm not Buckethead and don't need a 150 dollar pedal just to do some intro stuff now and then. I have the Berhinger Reverb Machine and HellBabe and they do equal if not.....no they do equal to my Boss counterparts. Especially if you are looking for a unique sound that isn't stock Boss. i wouldn't take these on the road or anything without 3 or 4 backups, but for recording and doing demos Behinger is the way to go, timed effects wise anyway. they are made of plastic after all. overallrating 4   lineend
name timhief review This Behringer unit has all the necessary features to give you solid performance in a stompbox delay pedal.  I say, why pay more? overallrating 4   lineend
name aceofbase review Large pedal board plenty of room for all pedals including octaswitch. The included velcro works well for me, I haven't had any pedals fall off yet! Cioks PSU fits underneath with a couple of modifications. I'm careful with my stuff so the soft case suits me fine, I can sling it over my shoulder and carry guitar/amp all at once. Plus it has a large useful pocket on the front of the bag. If you travel a lot the hard case will probably be better though. overallrating 5   lineend
name chris review This issue with this bad boy is not quality, features, or design. This is a Pedaltrain product, and just like my Pedaltrain 2, this is a well-made, perfectly designed board that does exactly what it claims it will do -it holds 50 freaking pounds of guitar effects stuff. And that, my friends is the problem.I am using a Voodoo Labs 4x4 power supply, but had to also get a Tripplite Isobar, 6 outlet power strip that I drilled into the upper left corner to handle a couple of the extra pedals. I plug that into the wall and then use a homemade 8&#34; iec power plug in the Voodoo. On the pedal I was able to fit 2 Jim Dunlop volume pedals (one is for the looper), a Crybaby Wah, TC Electronic Flashback X4, Sparkbooster, Mojo mojo overdrive, Corona chorus, Hall of Fame Reverb, Ditto looper, and the Shaker vibrato. I also have the MXR flanger, Helicon Harmony pedal for vocals, a Korg tuner and an Electro Harmonix Pulsar tremolo.(I know, I know.)Did I mention this sucker is big? I feel like they should name it the &#34;pedal porch&#34;. Maybe I can put a few potted plants on it.So getting back to the question of whether or not you should get this behemoth, I will ask you, to ask yourself, &#34;Do I really need all these pedals? If the answer is &#34;Hell yes, I deserve them all! I worked hard for them and can now make awesome sounds!!&#34;, then by all means knock yourself out. Just don't get a hernia lugging it around and make sure you book venues with appropriate stage space. No joke. overallrating 5   lineend
name Diego A. Umana review This is simply one of the best pedal boards out there. It is very well made, resistant, tough and very flexible as you can adapt a wide variety of power suplies and keep your pedals in great shape. Looks good too. I would recommend to get a few roles of power-grip pedalboard velcro as it definetely holds your pedals much better than the 'industrial' velcro included, especially if you have a combination of both regular size (MXR or Boss) and bigger pedals like a Cry Baby or a VOX Satchurator or Time-Machine Reverb. If thinking of purchasing one of these, you would probably have a few thousand dollares invested in pedals, so this would be great for you to keep them protected and organized. Now, if you are on the road for long, I would suggest to get the hard case instead of the soft case. For eventual gigging the soft case is more than ok. overallrating 5   lineend
name JVincent review I've owned a couple of Pedaltrain pedal boards. First the PT-2 and now the Pro. I use this to house a Line6 M13, M9, a Korg Pitchblack tuner, Clyde Deluxe Wah and a Boss channel switch. There's plenty of pedal board real estate for all of this and the soft case is incredibly strong and durable. You can imagine my board being VERY heavy, and it is, but the soft case does a great job. The included Velcro keeps the incredibly heavy M9 and M13 securely in place even when I store the pedal board upright/on edge between weekly gigs. There's also a lot of places to use zip ties to clean up your rig. Also comes with a great little bracket that will house the Voodoo Lab and possibly some other pedal power supplies. Pedaltrain makes a great pedal board. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul C. review ..is all I can say. I got the unit, opened up the softcase and pulled out the nice black powder coated aluminum pedal board and...WOW there is a lot of space on this thing. Do I think the price is fair for a piece of welded aluminum and what is basically a re-branded 'Gator' nylon bag. No. Its over priced considering thats all you get plus some plastic ties and velcro. However, when I factor in the laziness of not wanting to build my own board, suddenly one hundred fifty bucks seems like a decent trade. I was a littel disappointed to see the cheap-o rubber feet, my guess is they will be missing in about 6 months but, I have learned to fix those. Specifically the product is solid as welded aluminum should be and the soft case feels rugged...we'll see. Again, my only gripe is with the price considering there is no other mounting system other than velcro, at least that comes with it, and no intergrated power supply. However, if you need a lot of pedal space (read the dimensions!) and the heft of welded aluminum, this may be the last pedal board you buy. Did I mention this thing is freggin' huge? Minus one star for a little price gouging... overallrating 4   lineend
name Andrew M. review I love this capo. Let me tell you about my capo journey where I've used every brand while searching for this one. First, I always owned the old Dunlop Toggle Action capo which is just old tech, you know, where it's just a bundle of synthetic cotton fiber, the kind one used to use before 1980. I had to go back to that when my first Planet Waves black THERMOPLASTIC capo broke. Don't buy those if you live in a damp climate like CA. Each one I bought broke, one broke within a week, during the winter rainy days. So I loved those capos, they were perfect, but I was done with the breaking, so I figured I'd try others instead despite my love for the Planet Waves design (I didn't know about the silver aluminum one yet). Well, I hated each other one I tried. Kyser, if you have had carpal and/or are small handed, you know what I mean, you don't want a capo that involves squeezing really hard so that your hands are in pain and then you don't want to play the guitar. I really hate the Kysers (I know some folks love to squeeze and use them, that's fine, different strokes right). Then I tried the Schub, you have to be kidding me. OMG that thing is so ridiculous, it pops off, it wiggles about, it is tricky, I hate it. Now, I know many folks are Schub fans who give me a drive by downrate, I'm not saying it isn't great for those who love it. If you love the Schub, you love it unconditionally, and I respect that, all I'm saying is that design is not for me and many other folks like me. There are other models that fail similarly to these 2, they make you squeeze so hard it does hurt for those like myself with sensitive hands, like the G7, I did fall in love with it until maybe the 5th squeezing and then you have to hurt your hand by unsqueezing it apart to put it back on. Awk~ward and painful. Sorry to be such a softie and a crybaby, but if you have carpal, you know what I mean, you want to go easy on the hands and arms, and not brutalize them. The other thing I've always hated about the Kysers (and again it may be that my smaller physique is involved) is how it gets in the way so chording with a capo is a lot harder. That's just dumb. Kyser lovers either accept that as a challenge or don't mind it or claim it doesn't do that, but you know what I'm talking about. Ok, so then because of all the broken Planet Waves thermoplastic capos, I turned next to Dunlop's turnscrew models. I liked them, they are very similar to the PW design, but the screw location is more awkward to use, and turning their screws is a lot harder on the fingers (got the ripped and pained fingertips to show for it). So, I turned back in search for a better Planet Waves model. This is it, right here. The silver one is excellent, and it's made of aluminum, not thermoplastic. I bought one and it has lasted me almost 3 years now without a single problem. By now, in contrast, I would have run through 3 or 4 thermoplastic ones. I want to say that if you are performing in a public venue, never use the thermoplastic ones, because my thermoplastic ones dramatically burst and flew across the room, and could easily \"poke someone's eyes out\". Not kidding, don't use those in public situations. Back to the excellent aluminum silver PWaves capo. I love it, because it doesn't break, not at all, and has all of the great thermoplastic model features that make it the best capo ever (especially for us sensitive folks with carpal or small handed people etc). The great features are:1. Ease of use and easy fitting are perfect, the best of all capos. This capo fits so easily. Simply put it on the fretboard and the location of the screw is perfect-- you never have to move the guitar or your hand more than a couple inches, unlike the other screwtops or all other capos, there's no need for any moving around, adjusting the guitar, falling down due to balance issues and then chasing a falling guitar, sheesh none of that nonsense. You put it on and they've engineered it brilliantly so you can easily get it on, move it from fret to fret, put it where you want, and screw it in with great ease! Wow, best ever in this category. Ease of use is tops, ever!2. It will never hurt you, it only helps. It weighs nothing, is easy to carry, you can slip it onto the peg area, it just is so light. I still can't believe how light it feels.3. It does what it's supposed to, that other capos don't do. No issues with being in tune, just screw it in to the level of tightness you desire, no wrestling around like some capos do. The screw is in the most easy location, and the screw itself is nicely made so it doesn't hurt your fingers at all when you screw and unscrew, it's a breeze. No problems with the size, it's so small, it doesn't get in your way on the fretboard. You won't have to do hand yoga in order to play capo'd songs, it is FLAT (I know, what a concept!). A capo should always be flat and out of your way so you can play chords, not pretzeled twister instead of chords. Now, I play capo'd songs all the time because of this capo, and it is so much fun musically, a whole new magical experience. The truth I've found is that good equipment matters in music making (I never played acoustic guitar as well or as much until I got my first Applause guitar with great action. I have a Yamaha I love now (since the Applause necks break), but both guitars taught me that you have to have good equipment that's easy to use (in the case of guitars, great action is imperative. In the case of capos, ease of use and no pain produced is imperative, and it opens up the world of capo use, the magic of the mathematics of music theory.)If you love the other brands, don't diss me, I know it's perfect for you, and I'm happy for you that it works perfectly for you, because when you have the best one for you, you will shine with your music and I will enjoy listening to you play. But those of you who have sensitive or small hands or have carpal know what I'm talking about, you won't settle for the torture of Kysers and Schubs, gotta be kidding me. I bought every capo imaginable (need to have a garage sale to get rid of the pile) but ended up that I was using the old toggle type again instead until I found the aluminum Silver Planet Waves Capo. Planet Waves has made the perfect capo now, no more issues, just easy fun playing capo'd songs. Again, only buy the Silver model, because when/if you get silver, you are guaranteed to get aluminum, not thermoplastic. overallrating 5   lineend
name F. Jones review Capos are a funny thing, there are some that work great and many that aren't so great.  My capos include, Bird of Paridise, Paige, and Kyser.  This is a very fast and easy capo to use, the tension adjustment is fast and easy. If you need an all around capo for a six string guitar, this is it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Perry D review Not as good as the G7th line of Capo but they are about half the price. I bought this for a 12 string Jumbo acoustic guitar and I was thrilled with the way it sounded. So I will probably be using it on my electrics. But like I said it good for the price. overallrating 4   lineend
name Peter D. Page review The capo design makes for a quick and easy install on the fretboard.  What I like most is that the padded arm is thin and keeps out of the way of your playing.  Highly recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name Vensez review I've had this for about 2 weeks now and this capo is simple and works great. It feels like plastic but is made of aluminum so it holds very well. If you know how much pressure to apply to the frets, the capo works great though I always have to do a bit of fine tuning, as was expected in the first place. I love how cheap it was compared to the other capos, and yes it's not made of plastic. overallrating 4   lineend

name Reviewer review Just use a smartphone to record stuff. This is a really weird, not very intuitive little device that has been antiquated by the iphone and other smart phones. Not really worth the $75 - I returned mine. overallrating 1   lineend
name theRangel review  I bought this in 2012 to record music classes and workshops that I take in both acoustic / fingerstyle guitar as well as electric guitar, bass and percussion.  All of those environments are very different and require different approaches otherwise you'll wind up with only mumbling or with the sound blown out.  The DR-07MKII has worked well for over 100 classes recorded.This unit has been great for picking up the human voice about 20 feet away while it has been sitting on an extra tilted music stand.  With it set to auto level then I can take it to a loud percussion class or electric band class and it quickly adjusts itself to the environment.You can also set limits for clipping or set the levels manually.  I've needed to do that for classes that involved a lot of lectures but then bursts of high sound.  I was willing to let the bursts clip so that I didn't miss the human speaking around them.One little feature that I now love is the fact that you can preset the file names and it uses them followed by a number to create next file.  I set them for certain venues that take classes or even a class name if I know that I'm going to be taking only that class for a few weeks.  This makes it easy to copy to my PC and keep organized. overallrating 5   lineend
name timhief review I purchased this product a few weeks ago after reviewing and review  s never touched on the phrase trainer feature targeted at musicians.  Tascam makes a line of phrase trainers that typically cost between $150-200 and don't even have high quality microphones, so discovering I could toss an MP3 of the song I was learning and slow it down to figure out the chords and lead guitar parts was an unexpected surprise. This is the better choice for musicians.Other features I appreciate about the DR-07MKII, the adjustable microphones, quick turn on and being armed to record, the file system, the low battery consumption.I should also mention that straight out of the box i attempted to record, after all, everyone said how easy it was to simply open it up, power it up and start recording.  Well, I got a recording without sound!  The unit comes from the factory with the record level at zero.  Once I figure that out all was right again in my universe.  You will want to start with a recording level that is high and adjust lower to suite your recording situation.  I found out the hard way how much of a waste of time it was to start low first, a few of my early attempts at recording our church worship team practice was disappointing.  The more aggressive recording level solved that problem.I purchased a standard microphone windscreen for it, after the first time or two of stretching it on with some difficulty the windscreen loosened up enough to make it a simple process.  I have tried recording outside with this unit and the windscreen with good results. I still don't know how I will solve the  wind noise issue when recording ambient sound (microphone capsules facing out) since the windscreen will only cover the microphones in the XY pattern position.  I'm sure someone makes the smaller windscreen though.For my video work I use inexpensive hd capable camcorders. My new fascination is with the Song Bloggie (swivel camera lense), they are inexpensive now ($50 on Craigslist these days) and with the DR-07MKII all my video pieces have wonderful sound to go along with the surprisingly good picture quality I get from the Bloggie.One last detail, at the point of purchase I discovered Amazon was doing a special on my purchase and discounted the DR-07MKII to the same price point as the Zoom H1... win win!  I got what I expected with my purchase, you will too. overallrating 5   lineend
name tommy review This is probably obvious to more experienced musicians, but for Amateur musicians (like me), If you think that you know how your audience hears you because you listen through your monitor while you play, then you're fooling yourself.  You have to listen to your mix by recording it, then listening while you're not playing/singing. overallrating 4   lineend
name C. Longo review I could never see myself buying a dedicated compressor, reverb pedal, harmonizer, ring modulator, etc.  The Line 6 M5 seemed like a good way to have a \"jack-of-all-trades\" pedal on my board for those times I needed one specialized effect.  I have to say that it serves that purpose in spades.I have an all-analog board and was reluctant to have anything digital on it based on past experience with modelers.  I was wrong to worry; digital has come a long way.  Almost all of the effects sound great to my ear, especially into a tube amp.  True bypass means no tone suck to boot.High points for the delays, reverbs, and mods.  I am not a fan of all of the drives but the Overdrive and Boost Comp sound pretty awesome.  The Rat model \"Classic Distortion\" sounds exactly like my ProCo Rat2.  Wish I could say the same for the Big Muff model but I guess they couldn't get them all right.The only issue is I liked it so much I could not resist the urge to get the M9 so I can run three effects simultaneously.  However, if you need a pedal to fill in for those times when you need a certain single effect the M5 is a winner. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dean J Copely review I was dissapointed to find out that you can only use one of theeffects at a time, good though they were. Too expensive foronly one effect at a time. Returned it. overallrating 2   lineend
name H18 review Make sure you get a Diago power supply or one that can deliver more than 500MA the one sent from Line6 is only 250MA, huge error from L6! overallrating 5   lineend
name Sunn Kram review I decided to try out the M5 in order to add some more effects options while replacing a tuner and analog delay on my pedal board. While I haven't explored all of the sounds yet, I have found some useable ones.You really need to start off by finding and dialing in the effects you like and creating your own presets. Flipping through all of the categories and individual effects is not really practical for any live performance situation. Also, factory settings are almost never where you need them to be on these devices because the source signals from different instruments vary so much.Here are some that I've personally found to be appealing so far:Delay: Analog w/Mod- a nice sounding Memory Man style delay once you dial it in to not overwhelm your source signalReverb: Room- standard adjustable digital delay, not truly authentic by any stretch but does the trick when played over other musicEnvelope Filter: Tron Up- a Winner! fully functional and authentic envelope follower, FUNKY!Synthy: Seeker- a very cool filter for single guitar notes.Octave: Bass Octaver- One note below only but quite effective especially for loopers.You will also find (as expected with a multi-effects pedal) many unpractical, downright silly-sounding noise makers. Not to say you won't find a use for them here or there but they really exist as filler unless we're talking about a 4:20 headphones session ;) Also, don't depend on any strong distortions from this unit unless you're using it as an addition to your amp's lead channel.Construction seems pretty sturdy other than the \"Model Select\" button which is a multi-use knob with push-down / turn action and is cheapy-cheap. It's awkward and uncomfortable to use, fortunately you only really need it while setting the unit up. I already dislodged it from its proper vertical position once while making presets.Having the choice between True-Bypass and DSP is a really nice touch (and unheard of on stomp boxes) as people have different needs here depending on your signal chain.The tuner is quite functional if a little tough to read from standing position. I do miss my KORG Pitchblack with its big bright display but this one does the trick and saves me another pedal connection.I personally wanted things like octave, envelope, phaser, etc. available to me on stage without having to buy and wire in all those pedals for occasional use individually. The M5 is serving that purpose. The sounds will probably not cut it for the audiophile or analog purist. They should also not be depended on as any basis for your overall tone. Just a large bank of fun accents to add here and there in a very manageable and affordable package. overallrating 4   lineend
name Victor Hugo review This single pedal unit has a lot of  amazing and suprising effects. A lot of overdrive/distortions, filters, modulations, delays, reverbs, all carefully modeled. I put M5 side-by-side with the &#34;real one&#34; with a A/B switch, and don't heard differences. I'm using in musics where I need programed delays (like U2 or Pink Floyd) or when I need a specific effect - I only use Tremolo in 1 music, and this gear help me to save my money. overallrating 5   lineend
name victormanuel3007 review I really like the delays and the reverbs on this pedal, i recomend this model, it will work if you need a lot of effects in one box, it really sounds great, the distortions sounds great too. overallrating 5   lineend
name AT review When I bought this pedal I was thinking a heavy distortion. But when I got it and played with it I figured out it was alot different that advertised. It is a acdc, Steve Vaughn kind of pedal. It's got an attitude but it soft at the same time. It's truly a one of a kind product. I would recommend this if you are looking for just a basic distortion pedal. Make a note it is not a metal pedal. Not by any means actually. But for what it is it is fantastic. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian review Cool pedal on a clean amp. I ran it into my dual gain amp and it just muddied the sound up. I am buying an old twin head that I want to try this on for a little vintage grit. I think it will work great for that. overallrating 4   lineend
name Gustavo Posada review I usually stickup to the OverDrive pedals, asking tons of sound from tubes and extra overdrives. Still, I needed a Distortion that could cover of the Marshall sound-like roar JCM-800... and this guy did the job! It's not a Riot, but... pretty much defends its self from the old 70-80s songs. Love it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Knoxville AV guy review Like the name implies some very cool sounding 70's distortions, not overbearing so your pickups and amp tone still stay in their, I like the mod switch in the top left corner, sounds good with my compressor infront (MXR).  so ez to use and of course it is an MXR so it is built like a tank and to last overallrating 4   lineend
name mando2112 review Great overdrive/distortion for classic rock music.  Good volume roll off tones , at full bore it sounds like VH, and some other 80s rock dudes. It's quiet and has a very active tone control. The crunch switch adds a touch of high end harmonic , not too much but just enough. MXR has come around to making pedals that do what they say they will do. I now own  a Script Phase 90, and a Micro Chorus as well and plan on getting others. I'm a classic rock player these pedals have a classic 60s + vibe. overallrating 5   lineend
name MetalFan review I bought this pedal wanting classic distortion and find it more useful as an overdrive pedal. The distortion range does not get as hot as a RAT or MXR classic distortion but it sounds great with a telecaster and tube amp. I use it with a cigar box guitar also for fun and the tone ranges from 60's and 70's distortion to 80's metal. I get a more extreme distortion from my old hissing Boss Mega Distion as an example.I like that the pedal has a wide array of uses. The build quality seems questionable from MXR. As others have posted, the box is very light and the knobs seem thinner than other MXR's, espeacially the older ones, but this pedal seems solid and makes no noise.The price and demo videos were the primary reason I bought this pedal and I am happy with it. I have many distortion pedals and each one is useful in their own way. I would steer clear of this if you are looking for a pedal for metal and definately buy it if you are into classic rock, twang, and blues. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ray Mond review Well... it's not really too expensive, but it give you basically the same sound no matter how you set it.  Even the crunch button is just a louder sound?  Not a very good value unless you try it out first and this is exactly the sound you're looking for.  Guess that's why it's so cheap. overallrating 1   lineend
name Sam review If you are looking to spend not too much on a distortion pedal, in my opinion this is the one to get. There are a few more different models and brands that are good. But, i could use this pedal no matter what style of music i'm playing and not feel like i have to sell it if i start a new project. overallrating 4   lineend
name StormJH1 review Wanted to review this pedal because I felt some of the other reviews were a little lukewarm.  Distortion is incredibly subjective-it depends on your rig and your tastes. But the Badass '78 by MXR is a very nice pedal for a decent price.  It doesn't do metal or super high-gain, but offers some nice classic rock tones and can be quite warm if you back off on the tone knob. The crunch button adds brightness and volume and may or may not be too harsh for your setup.  However, the tone knob does do a pretty good job of rolling back the high end, especially if you activate the \"crunch\" button.The build quality seems to be pretty good, though I should note that while the pedal is the same size as other MXR pedals, it is significantly lighter.  I suppose this could make it more susceptible to denting and damage if it travels, but it should be plenty durable for 95% of users.  I really like the switch on this one too, it's easy to press and clearly clicks \"on\" once depressed.  One minor annoyance if you use the \"crunch\" setting is that the blue light (which is annoyingly bright like an LED headlight) stays on EVEN when the pedal itself is off.  This can be quite distracting if you rely on the lights on your pedal board to tell you which effects are on.  Not really a major gripe that detracts from the pedal's quality, but a frustrating design decision.Basically, if you get the right setup, you'll get great tone.  I got this pedal specifically to try and find a better alternative to the BOSS DS-1, which lacks mids and can sound harsh/abrasive.  The MXR '78 Badass is definitely superior in that regard, but a lot will depend on your rig and settings.  I find that this pedal really excels on playing single notes on the lower strings (think \"Walk this Way\" by Aerosmith, or \"Hangingaround\" intro by Counting Crows).  And if you pair it with a fat tubescreamer or other overdrive pedal, you could probably thicken it up a bit for higher solos.  Great pedal! overallrating 5   lineend
name Dennis M review Not every tune needs tremolo I grant you, but when you need one, this will do the job and them some. Simple controls. The LED pulses with the beat of the unit giving you a visual of the unit's settings at all times. 100% silent switching. In a FX loop, there's not a trace of hiss, hum, or noise in any form. In a chain running into an amp's input, there is a slight volume increase. Not much, but a little. No big deal really, unless you're a real tone freak. There is no change in tone or any form of loss when in use. Being a true bypass, it changes nothing when off either. The box is ultra solid. The jacks are all metal. The switch is stout. In short, this is a solid performing pedal that gives a nice clean, warm, tremolo that cannot be beat at three times the cost of this unit. It it anchored to my board! It is not going to come off because it's that good. Besides, how can you turn down a deal like this and get a pedal that has a crouching pitbull on it??? overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  I purchased this pedal recently, a bit skeptical with such a low price tag; however, I was completely impressed with it. I don't use a tremolo effect often, but when I do I just need some subtle, shimmering swells. This box does the trick. Construction wise it is housed in an all metal chasis. The knobs feel sturdy enough and the button seems strong - by the way, it is true bypass which is nice. It doesn't seem to affect my tone when I kick it on, no volume or tone changes, just the tremolo effect. And, silly enough, the yellow paint looks cool on my pedal board. I don't know if I will purchase other joyo effects, but I am impressed with this one. 5 stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name hgprs review  This is a very good piece of equipment for its price. Used mildly, it gives the sound a more natural feel. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jacy D. Gillum review It is built like a tank, but it quit working after a couple of weeks. I haven't made time trouble shoot it yet, so I'm not sure what component has failed. overallrating 2   lineend
name just_keith review Pretty cool knock-off of the Schaller trem or Diaz Tremodillo. This is my 2nd or 3rd Joyo pedal, and my favorite thus far. I don't care for the cheap jacks, but you get what you pay for, and I can always replace them if they break (I work on pedals all the time).I've got a scratchbuilt improved EA Trem (with two footswitchable speeds) and a cheap little Danelectro Tuna Melt. Other than the crummy bypass and plastic construction, the Tuna Melt is my favorite since it has the hard/soft switch. The improved EA has a great preamp for guaranteed unity gain (or more), and the footswitchable speeds that I added gives it extra flexibility. But I think the Joyo trumps it by just a little bit in that the core trem sound is a nice blend of the Tuna Melt's hard and soft settings.So part of this is really a subjective take on this flavor of trem, but suffice it to say if you've tried a few, this one will probably satisfy you at least a bit. No unity gain issues, and the speed and depth have a good sweep throughout their ranges.And it's just a niggle, but how hard would it be to get the word &#34;tremolo&#34; silkscreened so that it's centered on the box? At least there's no skull and flames like on the High Gain Distortion. overallrating 4   lineend
name Matt review This pedal gives me a whole range of tremolo to choose from. From subtle warm tones to psychedelic waves of volume all for only $40! And it's built tough like a good effects pedal should be: full metal case and solid construction, an all around great buy overallrating 4   lineend
name Raul Diaz Pea review This product is bad quality because the noise it makes. It increases the volume so much that it is better not to use it at all. I'm going to sell this product. I didn't like it. overallrating 1   lineend
name Shad Clark review The joyo tremolo is awesome, best for the buck. It's just as good as any, I love the joyo pedals. affordable and doesn't break the bank overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review For most guitarists, tremolo is a very simple effect.  You simply want a pedal to control swells or oscillations in volume to give your tone a \"shimmering\" effect.  It's used in subtle fashion in everything from to 50's/60's rock and surf guitar to modern \"indie\" rock.  But most guitarists (like me) were never going to shell out $100 (or more) for a Boss or other expensive tremolo option.  In fact, there really weren't that many affordable tremolo pedals on the market.Enter the Joyo JF-09 Tremolo.  This pedal is simple, durable, affordable ($40 - $45), and it just works.  The only two controls are for Intensity (depth of the volume swells) and Rate (how fast the swells cycle).  The LED light dims rhythmically along with the \"Rate\" control, which is a nice visual indicator.As for the sound - the pedal sounds great.  It doesn't color or diminish your tone in any way.  I'm not a \"tremolo expert\ but the effect sounds as it should.  If you're the type to obsess over tremolo, then you probably aren't looking to save money anyway, and there are $200 boutique options from Catalinbread and others that have tap input and other features.  I'm not particularly interested in those, so the lack of those on the Joyo won't detract from my score.Regarding the quality and durability of Joyo pedals, there's a lot of discussion about that, but also some misinformation.  I've personally owned 7 of them at one point or another (yes, I like them that much), and I've yet to have one fail.  The early run of Joyo pedals is actually quite durable, and includes the JF-09 Tremolo and every pedal numbered from JF-01 through JF-17.  The more recent models numbered higher than that are all similar in appearance, and while many of them still sound great, they feel lighter, \"cheaper\ and the switch is a little more suspect.  I recommend ordering through a vendor that ships from the U.S., rather than trying to save a few bucks on a direct shipment from China.  Many of the U.S. vendors will test the pedal out before shipping it, which is a huge advantage.Highly recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  These work great.For the price I bought a couple intending to use them on a diddley bow I built.I have not used them for that purpose yet, but tried them on my guitars, a dulcimer and stick I built, and was impressed with the sound quality for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Aurelio review  This device works well, but sound is far from perfect. Distortion is more noticeable at higher volume. For the price paid is a very reasonable option. overallrating 3   lineend
name B. Benamati review not the greatest little pick up, for the price im more than happy with its performance.  put it through a highr quality mixer and there are no problems, run it through a practice amp and it comes off a bit tinny.  I wont fit in the sound hole to I clip it to the head stock and it works surprisingly well.  Cant beat it for the price. overallrating 4   lineend
name B:D review I like how easy it can be attached to the soundhole, or, for that matter, to the headstock, where you may get less feedback than with the soundhole. It works well but produces a somewhat metallic sound, not quite true to your guitar (you will note this in particular with a classical guitar). This can be balanced, to some degree with your amp's equalizer and/or the treble and bass settings. However, compared to the AXL Pickup (which I bought for comparison), the Cherub is suboptimal when it comes to the sound it produces. It is not bad, but it does not reach the quality of the AXL. Both are inexpensive enough that you may buy them together and see what you like best. The Cherub may actually sound better with an acoustic metal sting guitar. overallrating 4   lineend
name Beach Panda review DOWNGRADE TO 1-O STAR AFTER RETURNING IT BACK TO BROOKMAYS, THE SELLER:I am really disappointed by the seller, BrookMays', ignorant responses to my return of the defective Cherbub Guitar Pickup, which picks up unwanted noise by the wire's own movements and the high frequency of feedback that other pickup won't have the same issue.  After two weeks of the returned item was delivered, I didn't hear anything from the seller regarding the return, so I emailed to the seller to see if we can settle it asap.  Too bad, four days after the email had been sent, I only got the email of telling me the case# of the message I sent without any further response to my refund.  until my patience is gone to deal with this hassle, and I don't think it's worth to waste more time on it, despite the fact of wasting the time and money I spent on this useless pickup and the shipping costs. Therefore, yesterday, I emailed my last contact to the seller regarding the refund of the purchase and gonna report this to AMAZON about the bad after-sale service I ever have before if I still haven't heard from the seller shorty.Today, I finally received the seller's response to my refund, the seller denies the issues of the pickup and claims, review   AFTER USING IT TWICE:I like the clip-on design, which is easy to use, so it is worth 2 stars; however, it doesn't work well clipping on small soundholed string instruments like ukes and kid size guitars because it touches the strings.  Besides that, it also picks up loudly through the wire's own movements, not as the description \"regardless the surrounding noises.\"  I have distressed from those unwanted loud noises.  One more thing that it somehow produces much higher feedback to the mini amp that I use, and I have to turn the volume as low as possible to prevent the high frequency of feedback. However, when I switch to another pickup with the same setup on mini amp and acoustic guitars or uke. the amp doesn't have any feedback even turning it to almost the highest volume, and the other pickup doesn't have the unwanted noise from its own movement either.  I don't know whether is my lack of luck or the poor pickup I got ... I bought it because its cheap price (less than $9) & clip-on design, but, I can't accept the noises and I have to waste my shipping cost to return it back to the seller. So, if you want to give it a try, you may bear in mind that the seller, BrookMays, doesn't take any responsibility for the shipments even the item doesn't work properly as claimed description. Good Luck then! overallrating 1   lineend
name bean review  I bought this for the other half of my duet to use on there guitar and mandolin .They had there doubts about how good it would sound and if it would feedback.Well surprise surprise surprise it didn't feedback and it sounds great.I would recommend this product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bienbenido Rodriguez review this was for a friend who liked the way the guitar pikup worked that he ordered 2 more for his family members. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dr. Dale review I have a couple of clip on mics that I tried out.  This one is definitely the best.  I use it on the head stock of my soprano ukes and right in the sound hole for my bari uke.  You do have to find the sweet spot, but once you do, it works great through my Pignose amp, and actually fits right inside my Pignose.  Great value and price too! overallrating 5   lineend
name Island Girl review After purchasing many kinds of attachments to amplify my mandolin or fiddle, with little or no satisfaction, I ordered this little mic.  I didnt' expect much considering the price.  It works so great, I ordered a few more.  Clip it into the guitar sound hole, or on the head stock, or on the mandolin head stock or on the fiddle....each time, it delivers a natural pleasant sound, not distorted or squeaky. The cord is long enough for me to stand and move around some while I play.  that is a GREAT bonus for me!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeremy Hurst review Very good for any instrument that does not have a pick up on it!!!!!! I would recommend this product to a friend! overallrating 5   lineend
name Johanna Soliday review I really like the Cherub pickup. It is the easiest to install in my classical guitar of any pickup I've used. The sound quality is very good for a piezo pickup and better than at least one of the more complicated bar type in the sound hole type pickups I have. The pick wire out to the amp is skinny and only 8 feet long, but for 8 bucks it can't be beat. overallrating 5   lineend
name kiboy review  I just play at home with friends. It works well so far on all my ukuleles.  However every time you touch your instrument it's going to transmit that sound into your amp so it's nothing I'd be using on stage if I didn't have to.  Still it seems to be a good value but truth be told I haven't had it long so it could crap out on the longevity issue. Time will tell. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mary V review It arrived on time, I have an Epiphone Hummingbird acoustic guitar, so I needed a pickup for do some recording,it works well but It's not very loud. This thing should sound louder, next time, I'll buy a Duncan pickup. overallrating 3   lineend
name Mathew K Raikes review I recently purchased a Vox Mini3 G2 modeling amp to go with my new Mainland Tenor (acoustic/electric) ukulele. It was my first electric instrument and I immediately fell in love with the combination uke/amp.A little time went by and I began wishing I could plug my 5 other non-electric ukuleles and 3 guitars into my amp.  I see DIY pickup sets are pretty inexpensive, but I didn't really want the expense (times eight) or the hassle of drilling holes and installing them on all those instruments.Then I stumbled on this Cherub pickup.  For about the cost of lunch at McDonalds it seemed I might &#34;electrify&#34; on the fly whatever instrument I cared to . . . pickup.  So I bought it.Bottom line is that it works very well for my needs.  And although I don't have a very critical ear, I (think) I can hear a slight quality/clarity difference between the built-in pickup on my Mainland uke vs clipping this onto my other instruments, but that's not a surprise and such a small difference that I don't much care. So far I've been clipping it into the sound holes, but I might try it on the headstock as others have recommended.If you're a Rock-God don't even consider this (why would you anyway?). But if you're a mere mortal just having some fun with your instruments and would like an inexpensive option to plug one in once in a while, this Cherub is for you. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mustafa M. review For the price you will expect what sound you'll get, I haven't tried other expensive ones, but I have a Yamaha NTX700 with built in pickups (Pro guitar) and the price reflects the quality.Also the WCP-60G has no guide or manual where to attache it to get the best soundIt is not that expensive, you can buy it if you just want the sound of the guitar to be recorded overallrating 3   lineend
name Pegleg review This is more of a toy than a good pickup. It functions but doesn't sound great. What did I want for this price anyway? overallrating 2   lineend
name Phaeton review I put this in the soundhole of a concert ukulele and angled it toward the &#34;G&#34; string and it sounds great. What a buy for the price. You may have to experiment with position and for ukes some have found the headstock to be the best spot. Whatever spot you find is best for you, it's worth it, I'm going to try it on my reso-uke next. overallrating 5   lineend
name RelevantC review Well This work well with my Uke, and there is a review that pretty much sum it up! Put it on the headstock! overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard review  only  thing is you need to loosen some strings to get it into place, but  worked great for what I wanted to screw around with it, overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayfinder review First we have to realize this is not a $200 pickup or even a $50 pickup.  It's less than ten bucks.It has a specially-designed clamp that is good for attaching it to the sound hole of a guitar.  As such it is not going to work for an instrument without a considerable-size sound hole.  It also will tend to get in the way of those who play directly over the sound hole, as it is quite easy to hit and will pick up any contact noise.It is more sensitive than cheaper competitor devices.  Unless you run it directly into the amp within a distance of 8 ft you are also going to need a 1/4\" to 1/4\" coupler (to allow it to connect to an extension guitar cord).  You will need such extension as this tends to have significant feedback issues if the amp is too close or facing the guitar.It is a passive pickup, so you will need either an amp with a passive-specific input or a preamp mixer or other preamp device. If you don't have a preamp system, this will do you no good.So because of the limitations I rate it as above.  For what it does though-- providing a passive pickup that can be quickly switched out between instruments, it does okay.  I believe there are better pickup concepts out there for about the same amount of money, including adhesive-disk mikes.  I would prefer to permanently mount a pickup of some kind and there are many low-cost pickups out there to choose from.  But this is a slightly different concept (removable) that for the price is worth checking in to. overallrating 2   lineend
name Bill Lewey review  This is a cool gadget.  I love experimenting with adjusting the power level on various pedals.  It can do some strange things and get unique sounds. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris review I purchased this to replace my other adapter that didn't work. Whereas, this does the job. I'm happy I purchased this and didn't have to invest in purchasing 9V batteries every time I wanted to play guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name F. Jones review You know the problem with 9v wall warts is that noise in the signal can be a problem.  I am powering my 9 unit pedal board with this adapter and it works great.  I have used it some at lower voltages, but only on my older analog pedals.  I wouldn't reccomend running digital effects at reduced voltage.  The cord is a little wimpy compared to my Boss PSA adapter, but it is acceptable. overallrating 4   lineend
name Joe Bouler review This power supply is advertised as having the capability to power multiple pedals. That's good to know, but since I plan on using it to power only one pedal, it works fine for me. The variable voltage settings give you some interesting effects. I am very pleased with it and recommend it over other brands. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mano review The Danelectrode has a knob that allows you to set how much volts you want to feed your pedals with (3V to 9V), by giving less power to them, you can get some really spooky sounds; great fun, but can also help give you your characteristic sound.  I also like the fact that you connect it vertically on the outlet, this allows to connect any other stuff to the same outlet because it does not take all the space on it, like other adapters do.  The price is great, I'm planning to have several of this. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick review The first power source that is fun.  It can take the edge off of a distortion of OD pedal by rolling off the voltage.  I have yet to use it with a fuzz but I hear it sound sick. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rock Morton review I like the Dan Electrode but I noticed dropping the voltage on some of my pedals really changes the effect (turned my Heavy Metal into a sick fuzz and my LavaBox  into a primitive distortion), and on others dropping voltage can mean a slight loss of sustain(Onerr Overdrive) or volume(FrenchToast) and thats it. It's still a good 9volt power supply but the voltage drop feature doesn't always 'wow' you. overallrating 4   lineend
name aspaeth review This may have been the best money I've ever spent for a guitar accessory. I can dial the pressure to exactly what I need for any spot on the neck. It has a smooth action, no \"kerchunk\" noise. My guitar stays in tune when capo-ed. I love it! overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Frank review Good quality. Adjustable and does not get in the way, Great improvement over spring capos. Not much more to say but need five more words to post overallrating 5   lineend
name Cabbott review I've bought 3 capos in the last couple months searching for the perfect fit. Well, the hunt is over. Amazing tone, perfect tuning. I'm completely amazed with this capo........ overallrating 5   lineend
name ChevisN7 review Well made Capo. Works as designed on my acoustic. Easy to usel and it is nice that you can adjust the pressure on the strings. Just wish it had a spring so It could stay attached to the head of the guitar when not in use. I am always setting it down and forgetting where I left it. overallrating 4   lineend
name chris review I started playing and writing a few songs that were specifically designed to get the sound that comes from a capo higher on the neck.I found that I needed to have a couple of exta capos hanging around and so bought this and the G7th. Both are very good. I did notice that if I had a wider neck (I think i am 42.5 mm at the nut on my two Takamines) the may be a bit short. They work and are cool looking. I have aa adjustable Planet Waves that also works great. Cheaper ones also work overallrating 4   lineend
name D. Dreifus review Well made, proven over decades. Switched from NS capo to improve tone with a one piece mahogany neck. Not sure there is a huge difference but there does seem to be an improvement. Requires less adjustment. Square pad allows placement right next to the fret. Easy to adjust with a bit of practice.I enjoy using quality machined parts, so this is a pleasure, plus it is built to last. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fallbrookdave review So I heard these were good, and ordered one to try. I was really amazed at the quality and awesome feel of it locking down.A must have. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ipodcrazy review I've used Shubb for years.  I strayed briefly on a Fender Smart capo.  You can read my review on that item.  I really liked it at first and in my review I said I was converted from Shubb.  Im back to Shubb.  The Fender is plastic and it works fine on my electrics but not as well as on my acoustic.  The Shubb works great on both. If you just buy a Shubb to begin with, you wont ever have to waste money on trying out different capos.  It will not clamp on to your headstock, so if you like having a capo sticking out of your guitar when you're not using it, then this isn't it. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Ray review I like this capo because you can adjust the pressure, but I've had it pop of easily twice already. Have others I trust more. overallrating 3   lineend
name Lonnie M. Adams review If you enjoy playing Guitars, then I think you will love this Shubb S1 Acoustic Guitar Deluxe Capo. It something NICE to have around your house and work great.  Thanks to all. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert Baxter review I've tried them all, and I like the Shubb the best. Easy to use, very tight and doesn't get in the way. overallrating 5   lineend
name AllThingsTech review  Simple. Effective.  Just what I wanted.  Seems a tad flimsy, but, time will tell.  Tuning couldn't be easier.  Neat product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review Simple and easy to use, easy to carry around.Love it, the display is cool, and can't ask anything more. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. M. Steiner review It's not that great. You go through batteries like crazy and it doesn't work at all for bass. It's fine for guitar or banjo overallrating 3   lineend
name Aurelio review  Easy and quite simple to use, this tuner is accurate and none intrusive, so you can leave it on your instrument for a quick re-tune on the go. overallrating 5   lineend
name bayou bob review i ordered a couple from my guitar seller...enjoyed..saw these and tried again...the box for tuner was a little smushed...but well packaged and arrived on time...will order again if needed..enjoy overallrating 4   lineend
name B:D review Works amazingly well, is very precise, and easy to handle. I have seen other devices that would get confused about frequencies and jump back and forth between different notes. Not so this one. It is a great, reliable tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Hood review  works great,great little tuner,i would recomend this for experienced player and a beginner. i was skeptical when a friend rcommended it, but im pretty impressed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bill review This is a handy little piece, and for the money a great deal.  I have one of these for each of my guitars and they're as accurate as anything else I've used. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bluesage review  Well, to date, these Snark tuners have got to be one of the best tuners I've ever run across.I highly recommend them, especially the ones with the built-in vibration sensor. overallrating 5   lineend
name Captn' Bob review I ordered this primarily for my 5 string Ovation Bass.  First, there is very little room on the head stock for it to clamp without hitting strings.  My Ovation has a beveled end to the head stock but I was finally got it on the bottom between the D & G string tuners.  It does not respond well to an open B, but octaves are fine and as long as I have confidence in my intonation it is no problem.  I tested it against some of my more sensitive tuners and found it to be spot on.  When I tried it on my Ibanz solid body 5-string I found it to be even less likely to &#34;read&#34; quickly or at all. Also worked great on my 6 strings. overallrating 3   lineend
name C. Forbes review  I used this tuner as I transitioned from playing Rocksmith to playing in the real world. My amp had a built in tuner, but it seemed to give inconsistent readings. With this tuner, it doesn't matter if it is electric or acoustic, it gives a very very accurate reading. My luthier tunes by ear and when we tested against it, they were only off by 2 units in any given direction. Very happy and pleased with this one. overallrating 5   lineend
name chapopot! review i bought three of these items after i first tried ine from a friend. and i am convince that the tuning is consistent and very handy.. a must for guitarists! overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris review Does what it was intended to do. Completely satisfied with this purchase. Seems to work just fine for my needs. overallrating 5   lineend
name Christopolis79 review The one that shipped was the cheaper, shiny plastic one.  In my experience this model is inferior.  Also the rubber lining inside the clip was unattached - probably the glue didn't hold?  I like Snarks and think they are some of the best clip-on tuners.  Just not a fan of the cheap, shiny plastic versions.  I'll try returning it and getting the SN-8. overallrating 3   lineend
name Craig Brubaker review  Got this to tune my guitar without relying on Rocksmith on my PS3, and to double check against it. I have a pretty crappy ear, so I rely on it to tune correctly. Responds fast, display is INCREDIBLE! I wish my car dash looked like this thing. Fits easily on the headstock of the guitar, in front or behind. Tunes by sensing the vibration of the instrument, not using a microphone, so you can tune even if it is noisy. And any pedals, effects, amps, etc in the setup do not affect the tone, you are tuning the actual resonance of the string. Even picks up well enough for me to adjust intonation as well. Forced a friend who just bought a bass to get one too. For the price, I would recommend anyone who plays a stringed instrument get one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Craig Richard Gillette review I bought this because I bought a used Martin D15M that didn't have a tuner built in, and it clips right on the neck and is easy to turn on. The cool led readout instantly tells you which string, and gives you the \"green\" when the string is in tune. This is a great little tuner and I recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dakotah Jennings review Really, they are. I really don't have anything more to say about it. I've played for 13 years and these are by far my favorite tuners ever. Affordable, accurate, and they don't fall off your knee all the time lol! overallrating 5   lineend
name Denis review The tuner I choose is very easy to use, simple and small. Good for people who don't have time and patience for to conect cables to tune the instrument. I recomend it. overallrating 4   lineend
name DJB review Great tuner for the price.Makes tunning easy and fast.The grips come off the neck on my acoustic,but works better on my electric. overallrating 4   lineend
name DNCB review  It is really helpful to a person like me that knows jack squat about music. I really do recommend it is tiny so it is not all big and in your face and you can easily take it off if it does bother you. overallrating 5   lineend
name Doug review Great tuner just bought 8 of them for X-Mas presents. Very easy to use  clip on and go. The price was great. fits in your case. battery life is good. very versatel. Tune my Mandolin and Banjo with it.and they look really cool overallrating 5   lineend
name Douglas W. Fielder review This little Snark is easy to carry around and works great.  I have used several different styles and brands, this is a must have for musicians. overallrating 5   lineend
name Earl D. Shaffer review  I was not sure about this at first. Seemed too cheap to work. But I was happily surprised. It works welll.Not perfect, but not expensive.Get one. overallrating 4   lineend
name Grizz review  Great little tooland very handy, a bargain and a good buy Does not mar my guitar and is easy to see,Thanks overallrating 5   lineend
name Igneous review -  This tuner is affordable and it works well. I have purchased six so far. They are sturdy. They have all come with a battery in the box you have to install yourself.-  I actually sat on one and thought I broke it, turned out the main tuner head pops right back on to the goose neck. The LED is bright in low light but does not display well in bright daylight. If the display starts to dim in the dark you need a new battery. The fairly large disk style battery cost me $9.80 for a two/pack at  Walgreens.-  We had a Birthday Jam at a friends house. I used this tuner for my guitar and ending up passing it around all night between three bass players and four guitarists. At the end of the night I gave it to the birthday boy as he had admired it all night.-  I gave one to my grand-nephews. I keep one on each my favorite acoustic and electric guitars. They stay on in their cases. I like the goose neck style but I have not tried the other no-neck swivel ones. I also have one for my Bass. It's a great musician's party favor.-  I always had trouble reading my old analog tuners in low light so I really like these tuners. Don't forget - Practice, Practice, Practice. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ingrid Shelton review Snark tuners are the best.  A few months ago I bought a different brand tuner and it doesn't pick up all strings.  I bought this one and it works great.  No problems. overallrating 5   lineend
name Isaac review It's a great little tuner, great accuracy, but unfortunately, they are a bit on the delicate side. The first one started working about a week after i bought it. Just broke down. The second one i purchased had a break when it arrived. After piecing the two of them together, i have a nice stable tuner. But beware...these are manufactured on the cheap. overallrating 3   lineend
name Jake review Snark tuners are great. Since I've bought Snark tuners, they have never broken or fell out of tuning capability in any way. I've had some for years that I still use today without ever changing batteries or anything. They are great and last forever. This one is also super accurate and allows you to really fine-tune your instrument. It have a vibration and mic sensor, so it can be attached to the instrument or set aside played in to to get a reading on the pitch that is being played. Really nice piece of equipment for a small price. overallrating 5   lineend
name James E. Perkins review It's a pretty cool little gizmo. The clip on feature is really helpful too; makes me wonder what I did before I had one. overallrating 5   lineend
name James M. Bailey review I have several of these for my guitar, fiddle, and mandolin.  It works well for all of them and is inexpensive. overallrating 5   lineend
name James Tunnicliffe review I tried one of these on my violin at a Guitar Center where it's costs more than Amazon.I think the Amazon price is the best you'll find.It works as well as expensive tuners. In addition to tuning up the strings, I use it to practice scales on the violin and check my intonation.Be advised though, that it only registers natural notes and sharps. It does not show a readout of flat notes, instead it shows the &#34;equivalent&#34; note. But as violin players know, a B flat is NOT the same as an A#.But it doesn't just read the letter of the note your on. The graphical representation shows how close you are above or below it.For ten bucks, you can't go wrong. overallrating 5   lineend
name jamie review This will b my 2nd one of these so to me it's worth it. The 1st one I loaned to a friend and never got back so for $10 I just got another. I think their pretty accurate. I normally tune by ear but if there's a few of us playing then sometimes someone needs one, and I always use it putting on new strings myself. As far as battery life goes you can get them right on Amazon. They are cheap you can get a package of 6, each one lasting over a year or if you prefer you can go over to Walmart and get them in the jewelery section. overallrating 4   lineend
name J.C. review I'm pretty impressed with it.  I've only used plug-in types of tuners prior, and this was a nice surprise.  I ran this through my ukulele, electric guitars as well as an electric bass.  I was blown away how it could tune my bass.  It works quickly, and it seems pretty accurate compared to my Petersen.  I would recommend it to anyone.  Took one star off for visibility.  Certain lighting and certain angles can wash out the display very easily. overallrating 4   lineend
name jesw review My eight year old finds this very easy to use on his violin. It seems to be accurate, and he is now capable of tuning his violin by himself. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jim Dandy review I used other clamp type tuners and this one fit the bill perfectly.  I bought my dad one, too.  he loves it too!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Joehorse review Works well even with a room full of noise....................plus it's easy to see. These are the best buy for my money when it comes to tuning a Guitar or Uke. overallrating 5   lineend
name John review I used this to tune a coconut thumb piano. If it can tune that, it should handle your guitar or bass FINE. Was really impressed to see it in action. NOT THE SMOOTHEST operation in the world but it's gig-bag small and accurate. overallrating 5   lineend
name johnny8 review Works great and does a good job, a must have type tool for the price get one !!! Light takes up little space and easy to use . overallrating 4   lineend
name J. Perry review  Clamp it on end of the neck of your guitar. Pluck a string and it will indicate what it is. Turn the tuning knob to the desired spot and you are done. Takes 10 minutes to tune the guitar. Mine is electric. Works plugged in or unplugged. overallrating 5   lineend
name kenb review Got this tuner for my new bass.  clipped it onto the headstock, was able to tune without plugging it into the amp. clear bright display.  Might have to pickup a couple more of these for my other guitars overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark King review I bought this to use on my Fender P-bass. It is not reliable for me, sometimes it works and sometimes it can't find the low note correctly. I'm still using my Roland stomp box tuner. Glad this was inexpensive, it was not worth the hassle to return, i gave it away. overallrating 2   lineend
name Md. Zaheer Hasan review Snark tuners are the most comfortable ones you can find. And they tune with amazing accuracy. If this model had a microphone to detect sound it might have been even better, but there's already another model for that. In one way it's better because sometimes the vibration and sound sensor works together to pickup other sounds while you're tuning, so this tuner is a pretty good choice. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mike C review I LOVE snark tuners, this not being the first one I bought, nor the last. I loved the fact that I didn't have to press all the buttons like the other ones. Just get it relatively in tune by ear, then this thing will help you with the rest. My only problem is with the little rubber plastic on the grip. It has already pulled up and I only put it on and off my guitar maybe 3 times so far. I mean, I've had it for less then a month now and that is pretty bad. I'm just going to glue it back but it seems like it should have been better in that aspect. I would highly recommend this to anyone who wants a black snark tuner for their axe. overallrating 4   lineend
name MK Hill review  s settled on this one over the SN1 or SN2.This is too easy and my guitar has never stayed in tune like this before. It requires no input from your guitar so can be used any time. The only thing I don't like about it is it doesn't really like the E string of my bass. I don't think it picks up those long wavelengths so well. I will try the SN8 shortly and give this one to a friend.I do recommend this for guitarists because you will always be in tune no matter the tuning. If you leave it on while soloing you can see what notes you are playing. I am my own guitar tech, as well as for a friend, and I can set the intonation perfectly with this thing.Get a Snark and you will be happy.Edit - I don't like to use this with my PRS as the headstock has very little room to clip this to. The only place to clip is the very end and you are fighting tuning keys for space at that point. If you can get it there comfortably it works but nothing like with a Fender or Gibson; both which have plenty of space on the headstock. overallrating 4   lineend
name Musicman review I had bought an SN2 and love it but I found it had a little trouble recognizing the low E on my bass. This handles bass tuning much better. The lit display is great for tuning on stage, and because it works on vibration you don't need to worry about muting when you are tuning.I also find it very accurate. I would have given it 5 stars but the battery died after a couple of weeks. This is probably the seller and not the manufacturer. overallrating 4   lineend
name NPunk42 review I've had a few of these things, not all the same model. This one was hard to read. I changed the battery and that helped out quite a bit. Overall I like it and use it on gigs instead of my pedal. overallrating 4   lineend
name NW_OR_USA review This tuner is super easy to use and very user friendly. Clamp it on, press the power switch, and then  pluck a string. It will tell you if you are hitting the right note and if it is in tune.I only gave this 3 stars because the battery meter only indicated 1/2 charge out of the box. It still had the plastic barrier that had to be removed to connect the battery.  Shouldn't it have a full battery since it is brand new? Not enough of a hassle to send it back, but worth mentioning.Had the battery not been an issue, I would have rated this 5 stars. overallrating 3   lineend
name Oldcabdriver review This is one of the best, simple to use, guitar tuners I've used -- and I've used a lot of them.  The bonus is that it's also one of the least expensive that I've seen.  You won't be disappointed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Personne review Any guitarist knows how one of these works.  Clamp it on the head, turn it on, and tune.  I've tried this on several guitars as well as an electric bass.  My only real complaint is that it often takes 3-4 seconds to register the note it's getting.  It occasionally latches onto a harmonic as well.  The low E on my bass will occasionally register as a B (3rd harmonic) for example.  In general, the dullest means of plucking the string (finger instead of pick) will give the quickest and most glitch-free pitch.  All in all, it's a handy little tool to have in the gig bag. overallrating 4   lineend
name Pissed Off! Review should be 1/5 review  Not quite as loaded as the red All Instrument Snark, but it gets the job done. Is very sensitive to vibration. overallrating 4   lineend
name Pushpin review I've been using aKorg TM-40 Large Display Digital Tuner and Metronomefor a long time with my guitar. While adequate, I wanted the Snark because it was made specifically for guitar and the clip-on feature would counter my laziness in finding the tuner.The snark is great, and the price is amazing. The Snark, unlike the Korg, tunes by vibration.. so if it isn't attached the the guitar, it won't work. I feel that the vibration tuning is more accurate and efficient. With the Korg, the dial would spin all over the place and I would just mentally estimate where the right tone would be. The Snark is much more decisive and faster so it eliminates all the guesswork out of tuning. You will know exactly how sharp or flat the guitar is or if you want to try alternative tunings like drop-D it is so much simpler than with the Korg.No metronome but that's what I'm keeping the Korg for. I also wish that this specific came in another color other than black. There are Snarks in other colors but this model is specifically for guitars.Overall, extremely happy with this purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name RazzSpew10 review  Awesome for $10. Accurate with TV on in the background. This thing is just sweet, I just love it. Easy no-brainer. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard G. review It's just about dead-on with my Korg, which is extremely accurate. I had never seen a tuner that you can just clip onto the neck like this, and it is hugely convenient to have it sitting right there as you play. It's soft enough with the clip, that it is safe to have on a high end guitar without worrying about it scratching or hurting anything. It shuts itself off when you forget to do that -- which happens a lot. Good little tuner at a steal of a price. I like it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick from Westport, MA review I play guitar, bass and violin.....and more. I have used many clip on tuners that are two and three times the cost and are just okay. In fact that may be saying too much.  I was really surprised at the Snark SN-5 tuner.  I found it very accurate.  I compared it to my Boss TU-2 tuner plugged in to the guitar and it was just as accurate and maybe a bit tighter.  I decided to adjust my guitar intonation with the Snark (no one would ever do this...this was a test) and it was very close to my stroboscope.  I plan on buying the higher quality Snark tuner that supposed to be even tighter.  Very impressed with this. If I can take my tuner pedal out of the loop and off my board, I will be happy.  These are cheap enough to buy one for each guitar so I don't have to move it around as I change guitars during performances. overallrating 4   lineend
name Rick Langdon review  I am a long-time musician with lots of experience with tuners and stringed instruments ... wanted to like this ... but ...First the positives:- Looks great- nice, easy to read display- the screen pivots in almost every direction to suit your needs- the clip seems sturdy- tuner is compact- nice priceNow the significant disappointment:- inaccurateThe settings were on A-440 but every time I tuned an acoustic instrument with this thing, the tuning was sharp ... I tested this not only by ear but against other tuners ... very disappointing ... I have used the old Planet Waves tuners for years and had settled on them as the best choice for the price; however, since D'Addario now owns Planet Waves products, they have discontinued the tuner I like and only offer the NS Mini Tuner (it has its place I guess, but I much prefer the larger one ... too bad they made this decision IMO) ...I haven't settled on my new tuner of choice yet so for now I will keep using my old Planet Waves models ...Bottom line, no matter how nice the Snark is in many ways, the primary function is to help the musician tune accurately, not only string to string but to a standard A-440 ... having failed that requirement, it is useless for me, especially in a band situation ... overallrating 1   lineend
name S. C. Dallman review I have several Snarks. This one is the most basic. All are fast and accurate. I have many young guitar students and the Snark is the first tuner they have no trouble using. I also have purchased several red, blue and the new Super Tight tuner. The Super Tight is slightly faster, brighter and more accurate, but the speed, brightness and accuracy of all Snarks are very, very good. I own many tuners, and clip ons of many other brands. The Snark is by far my favorite. There is no close second. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sledman review I've been playing guitar for over 25 years and been through many different style of tuners. This is by far the best I've ever had. Not only is it accurate and easy to use, but it's so convenient! Simply clip it to the head of the guitar, press the only button on the unit and start tuning. Also, unlike other tuners I've used, this tuner does a great job of filtering/ignoring ambient noise in the room. I can actually tune my guitar while having a conversation, even with the TV on in the room!Pro's:- Vibrant , easy to read display- No need for cords, chargers even when used on electric guitars/bass.- Simple one button activation- Lightweight - I leave it on my classical guitar all the time, especially after restringing.- Auto Shutoff (also can manually shut it off, just press the one button a second time)- Works for Guitar and Bass (both acoustic and electric) and violin - Also works on my Ukulele!Con's:Wish I had this 20 years ago!Bottom Line:This is a no-brainer. The price, quality and easy of use make it a must have for any guitarist. overallrating 5   lineend
name Straydogger review I really and suprisingly like this little gadget. It works great on my electric and acoustic guitars and really is quite accurate. overallrating 4   lineend
name SVT4001 review This is a very accurate tuner. I have used it on mandolins, guitars, violins and violas, and double bass. They are a little hard on batteries, but not overly so.Highly recommend! overallrating 5   lineend
name Tabasco24 review  I love the small size of this tuner, and it clips on to the guitar headstock firmly. The tuner picks up vibrations, so it doesn't require a silent room to tune an acoustic guitar. There's just one button, so it's idiot-proof. However, the button can get pushed to easily, so sometimes the tuner is on in my guitar case, running the battery out too soon.Speaking of battery, the smallness of the tuner necessitates a small battery, but I hate that they used the CR2032 battery. It just doesn't last long, and in Brazil, it's really hard to find this battery at all. overallrating 4   lineend
name tj review I own the SN-8, which btw, is the best tuner I've ever used. I bought this bc it said it was made specifically for bass frequencies & violin. So I wanted to use this w my acoustic bass and violin. I was also intrigued by the &#34;tighter&#34; tuning aspect of the bars on this. Let me tell you, if it worked, the bars may have been a cool feature, but when you are fine-tuning an A string and it tells you you are on E (when you know you are on A bc the other tuners all say A, and it matches the piano), then there is a problem. I could not find any way to re-calibrate the thing, so it looks like it's just defective. The one I received was completely useless.I am amazed at the great SN-8...I am disappointed in this thing. I must have just received a dud (I hope, since these usually get good reviews), but I will be returning this since it absolutely does not work correctly. On the flip side, I will be getting another SN-8 in it's place, since I know those are great tuners & I love the one I already have. overallrating 1   lineend
name Tobias L Merriman review They still work years later.  I've had to change a few batteries but they last a long time.  Fabulous tuner.  Even works on a stand-up bass.  Just clip it onto the bridge.  Excellent product. overallrating 5   lineend
name trebe review I love my Snark SN5 tuner.  It works smoothly without any issues, and allows me to tune my guitar swiftly and accurately.  All you need to do is clamp the tuner to the headstock, and it is ready to go.  The SN5 is smaller than I expected, but the multicolored meter is easily readable, and the meter can adjusted so that it can be seen clearly from any position.Using the color coded meter, you can tell whether a string is flat or sharp, and adjust the string tension accordingly.  With a little practice, tuning becomes a quick and easy process.  The unit is powered by a CR 2032 battery, which generally has a long life.Although the clamp has rubber pads, apparently the finishes of certain guitars could still be prone to damage.  The instructions states that the Snark is not recommended for guitars with the following finishes, polyurethane, French polish, and nitrocellulose lacquer.  Those with Gibson, Gretch, or Taylor guitars may want pay particular attention to this warning.  I have had no problems using this tuner on Kramer, Ibanez, Charvel, Epiphone, and ESP guitars.  The tuner also works for bass guitars and violins.  I do not have either of those instruments, but I imagine the tuner would work much the same.As there are a number of guitar tuners that attach to the headstock, it took me a little while to decide on the SN5.  Even after eliminating tuners by D'Addario and Planet Waves, selecting the SN5 wasn't that simple, as Snark makes a number of similar tuners.  I am completely satisfied with the SN5, and believe that it fully deserves a 5 star rating.  It is also the least expensive, of the tuners I was considering buying.  If the finish of your guitar isn't an issue, you may find the Snark to be very helpful. overallrating 5   lineend
name Vyrys review I love this tuner... I have other similar models, and they are all great.don't hesitate to get one.These are three times as high at guitar center.  how ridiculous.ok.. this may sound silly, but just to let you know you can do it.if you hold a stick or something similar touching your throat, and clip this tuner to it, you can tune your voice with it.even holding your thumb against your voicebox and clip this on your finger will do it.cracks me up, but fun to play with overallrating 5   lineend
name Wilhelmina Zeitgeist review  The Snark SN-5 Tuner for Guitar, Bass and Violin gives me spot on tuning. I especially love being able to tune with a silent tuner. When playing music with other musicians who are also tuning or warming up I don't have to be concerned with hearing myself pluck the strings of my guitar or violin while comparing the sound to a pitch pipe or keyboard. This tuner works by picking up the vibrations of my instrument.I decided to buy this tuner after another musician lent me his extra one during a jam session. I was really impressed with it and had to get one for myself ASAP! overallrating 5   lineend
name AMlevesque review works as it shoukd, better instructions could come with it with a larger size text. also how to open to replace battery as well as the specs on the battery are lacking. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bon review I've had two of these tuners, and they do a fine job as far as I can tell.  I lost one, and had to buy another one.  I also bought a much more expensive tuner, and I cannot see that it does a better job than this one.  I bought my first tuner like this one about 3 years ago, and the rubber pads kept falling off, but I have not had that problem with my new one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chesslovenpyro review Before I bought this I had to use a tuner on my laptop. Now I just clip it on to my ukulele and tune it in a matter of seconds. I also really like how it senses the vibrations from the instrument. It doesn't matter how much noise there is in the room, it still tunes perfectly every time. overallrating 5   lineend
name Coolkayaker review   of that tuner).So, since I needed another tuner for my ukulele, I ordered this time a Snark-6.  This one says, specifically, for a ukulele.  I wanted to try it compared to the Snark-2Snark SN-2 All Instrument Clip-On Chromatic TunerThe Snark-6 and Snark-2 are identical, except for color.  The Uke tuner here is gloss black, and the Snark-2 is matte red.  Otherwise, the size of the dial/face, the clip itself is precisely the same.  So, there's nothing more ukulele relevant about the 6 versus the 2.  The tuning is chromatic, so it's good for any specific instrument (mandolin, guitar, uke, banjo, etc.).So, choose whichever color you prefer, and go for it.  Sweet tuner.  Superb graphics on the dial, colorful accurate, and inexpensive (but not \"cheap\" build, like the Korg).  Highly recommended tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name CrochetGranny7 review  I love this tuner. I feel its more accurate that the old one I have that was given to me. I will always buy Snark tuners. They are very sensitive so I feel that my instrument is in truer tune. overallrating 5   lineend
name Darren review I bought this to use primarily with my newly bought Ukulele, but it also works perfectly to tune my old acoustic guitar too. The display is large and clear and the reading is extremely accurate. I wish I'd bought one of these years ago instead of tuning my stringed instruments manually \"by ear\". Until now I'd assumed I tuned my instruments perfectly well, but this unit proved me wrong - both my Uke and guitar sound better after being fine tuned with this.This little gadget saves time, improves tuning accuracy and is absolutely perfect for the job it is designed for.It comes supplied with a CR2032 battery and a basic protective bag to keep it in when not in use. overallrating 5   lineend
name Doug review I have use this tuner for quite a few years . its easy to use-- clip it on and go.. I just bought 8 of them for christmas presents for all my friends that play guitar or Mandolin. The price was good see ya overallrating 5   lineend
name Dr. Marc review Snark tuners are great! They are very accurate and are very inexpensive. I have now four of them so I can keep one in each guitar case and one for the uke! overallrating 5   lineend
name DrummerLD review I use this for my uke, my 12 string acoustic, a parlor guitar, and my trusty Taylor. Easy to use, very accurate, highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Electrosandwich review There is almost no difference between this and the Snark SN-1, and by that I mean the design flaws. You have to constantly adjust the neck to get a reading, and they eat batteries like crazy. The Snark SN-8 is far superior. overallrating 2   lineend
name expert_101 review Extremely easy to use. tunes my soprano and baritone ukelele perfectly! Have used it several times and first battery still has juice. overallrating 5   lineend
name fearn0evil review This is accurate and can be used for many different purposes, It is durable and can be used while playing. overallrating 5   lineend
name Frank N. Stein review Works like it's supposed to.  Although I should have just got the universal instrument tuner.  This one only tunes in the uke keys. overallrating 5   lineend
name fretter review Been using the snark tuners for while now... Functions perfectly.. Only problem I have is it is small enough that I have trouble finding it sometime... So, I have just started leaving it on the instrument and buying others to do the same... overallrating 5   lineend
name JerryWithaJ review Anyone who cares to take the time to look at my other reviews will see that I am not fond of the Snark displays.  I prefer the \"needle\" type because it's symmetric above and below center while the Snark has red turning off when flat and gold turning on when sharp.  However, that's me and YMMV, as they say on the Internet.Don't ask, then, why I got a SN-6.  I don't smoke, drink, or womanize, the unit is cheap, the money's got to go somewhere, and I like to play with accessories.I am fond of saying that it doesn't matter which type of tuner you use because they've pretty much become a commodity.  They all tune well with the same accuracy, so it comes down to looks and price.Well, that's not  quite  true.  Some models suffer fits in certain situations.  The rapid fall of the old Intellitouch was, in my mind, not due to price as much as its inability to deal with the low E string on a Martin dreadnought.  A web search will reveal countless workarounds.  I (and the rest of the world, apparently) buy a tuner to tune, not work around.Lately, I've become enamored of theKala KA-UBASSFS Solid Mahogany U-BASS - Fretted.  If you want a tuning challenge, the low bass E string is it.  The SN-6 hardly hiccups.  Other tuners seem to do \"okay\" but require a little coaxing.  Not the SN-6! That's 5 stars in my book! overallrating 5   lineend
name John Ferrell review This little tuner works fine but the little rubber foot keeps coming off.  It works without it, but things things like that putt me nuts. overallrating 4   lineend
name John Wade Long Jr. review  The Snark is great. I have 2 for my 4 ukuleles (so I can always find one),and a 3rd for my guitar. It's not just a UKE tuner. LOVE THEM! And, gavemy grandson a shock-blue one to go with his American Flag painted uke. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jon review Works great and easy to use.  It also seems to be very accurate.  Definitely worth the money!! (Should also work for any stringed instrument) overallrating 5   lineend
name KAY ADAMS review I'VE ALWAYS TUNED MY UKULELES BY EAR.  NO PROBLEM.  BUT I RECENTLY BOUGHT A SOPRANO UKULELE FOR MY GREAT NIECE AND KNEW I  COULDN'T ALWAYS BE THERE TO TUNE IT FOR HER.  I WAS LEARY ABOUT THE USE OF THE SNARK DESPITE READING MANY FAVORABLE REVIEWS PRAISING IT.  BUT I'M NOW A CONVINCED SNARK USER..  SO SIMPLE.  SO EASY TO USE.  SO ACCURATE.  SO LIGHT.  PLUCK A STRING AND TUNE IT TO THE DIAL, AND EUREKA .-  SUCCESS.  BUY ONE - YOU'LL LIKE IT. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lochsa Lad review  This is my third Snark tuner, I keep giving them away to people who think they can tune by ear. I use it on all my stringed instruments, (Haven't tried it on a base) This tuner is easy to attach and read, and the price is great, I have spent 60 bucks on tuners that do not function as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Matthew B. Jones review I ordered the Hola! and the Snark SN-6 to preview for my senior adult ukulele players at church.  I've spent the last week or so tuning a large group of 20 or so ukuleles twice a day to allow them to &#34;settle in&#34;.  I've used both of these similarly priced tuners and have found them both to be excellent.  I can't really tell any difference in the accuracy of either one.  They are both contact tuners, meaning that they pick up the vibration of the instrument rather than relying on an external microphone.The Hola! is definitely the best choice of the two in that it's more versatile, easier to use, more durable looking, and easier to store.  The Hola! lies virtually flat and takes up less space in every dimension than the snark.  It comes in a plastic sales container that can be reused to offer further protection if you feel the need.  The Snark's curved display arm (which you can't really see in the photo) is slightly more delicate looking, in addition to the fact that it extrudes farther.  I found the Hola! display to be bigger, brighter and generally easier to read.  Honestly, most of these differences are minor especially when considering how inexpensive these tuners are.  The really important difference is the &#34;tuning mode&#34; feature on the Hola!.Hola! offers very simple operation with one button for power and for switching between its 4 modes of function.  You can select &#34;chromatic&#34;, &#34;guitar&#34;, &#34;bass&#34; and &#34;ukulele&#34; modes by briefly pressing the power button (as opposed to a long-press for power on/off).  This is an especially important feature if the user is not an experienced and knowledgeable musician.  Imagine trying to tune with a an 88-key piano if you don't know anything about the notes on the piano.  &#34;Ukulele&#34; mode is like using a piano with only 4 notes.  Use &#34;chromatic&#34; to tune your uke differently than standard or tune other instruments.The snark  is  superior in it's rotating display which can be turned and rotated in almost any direction.  If turning your head  at all  is a deal-breaker, get the Snark.  I found the Hola!'s display to be more than sufficient.  I'm currently using the snark on my guitar.The Snark comes with a baggy and a reclosable, cardboard box.  I have no problem with it, but the Hola! stores better.  I don't really see this as a true ukulele tuner without a &#34;ukulele&#34; setting.  It's a chromatic tuner.  It very well may be sized differently from their other models to fit better on ukuleles.  Other than that, I'm not quite sure what makes it specifically a &#34;Ukulele tuner&#34;. overallrating 3   lineend
name Rad5030 review If you have a ukulele you know (or may not know) that it needs constant tuning especially with new strings. This little gadget does the trick. I was pleased to see that it is a no brainer to use and since it clips to the head it is there when you need it between songs.You will not go wrong with this purchase and I am sure you will love it better than trying the &#34;my dog has fleas&#34; tuning method.Oh yea, it does not just limit you to the basic notes for the uke but will tell you sharp and flat notes too!Now put that order in! overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Dary review These are great little tuners!  You can leave them clamped on your instrument and make spot adjustments on the fly, which is especially helpful when you're breaking in strings or any time.  I've played guitar a long time and ukulele is fairly recent, and it seems that maybe their shorter strings are somehow more susceptible to influences like temperature fluctuation or just vigorous strumming.SO, these are perfect accompanists for your virtuosic efforts. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard review  I bought one for my tenor and a different brand for my soprano Ukulele,,  I found I like the snark better for the dollar more in cost..  the other has multi use ( bass, chord, ukulele ) and seemed cheap,  I liked the snark so much I bought this one for my concert ukulele,,  you might ask, Huh  why one for each ukulele,  if you play,, then the answer is simple, for 10 bucks I do not have to hassle swapping tuners out,, and can just grab my ukulele and go. overallrating 5   lineend
name Scotty Boy review It's easy to use and is definitely needed for a new string musician. Good quality and ensures you are playing the chords correctly. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Haney review I personally own two of these Snarks and I've seen several others among my friends.  They're great, easy-to-read and easy-to-use tuners that are surprisingly cheap.However, half of the Snarks I've come into contact with have broken within a few weeks.  One of mine broke after about 2 weeks of very light usage.  The screen is SUPER faint.  It's still tuning and displaying but without any back lighting.  This also happened to two of my friend's Snarks.My other Snark is still going strong.  I'd still recommend them for non-critical applications just for the price and ease of use.  However, these definitely aren't reliable gig-worthy tuners.  They're just so cheap it's easy to buy multiple Snarks and cover all of your guitars. overallrating 3   lineend
name Victoria review This little gem is worth it's weight in gold!  So easy to tune with it.  We have used it seemingly zillions of times and the battery is still going strong.  Automatic  shut-off helps too. overallrating 5   lineend
name Janeelizabeth review I use this adapter to connect my electric guitar and my acoustic guitar to my computer and IT WORKS PERFECTLY!!! Very minimal buzz... LLLOVE IT!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Jolly Roger review If you are like me, my research for a guitar connection to my iPad left me with choosing between the iRiffport and the Jam.  I recently purchased, and then returned, the iRiffport.  I am very pleased that I purchased the Apogee Jam as a replacement.  Here are the reasons why:1) The connector on the iRiffport (the one that goes into the iPad) is not a strong connection at all; it feels as though it could disconnect at any time.  I have a stand to put my iPad on when jamming such that the iPad is in landscape mode, so the cord feels as though it will come out of moved the wrong way.  With the Apogee Jam, the connector is just like the iPad's connector, except it ALSO has the \"prongs\" that come out of it, securing the connector into the iPad.  To remove the connector from the iPad, you need to squeeze the buttons on the connector to make the \"prongs\" go in so it can be removed...very, very secure.  I use the \"Gumdrop\" case on my iPad, which has a flap that goes over the charging port when not being used.  This flap feels pretty tawt when it is open while the charging port is being used.  IMPORTANT:  if you have such an iPad case, like me, I certainly feel that the Jam will provide a much more secure connection to your iPad over the iRiffport.  In fact, the structure of the iRiffport connector was so large, that I felt that it did not fit well through my case.  On the other hand, the Jam's connector is the same small size as the iPad's original connector.  This is also something to consider if you intend to use your iPad in portrait mode on a stand with the connector on the bottom of the iPad.2) Probably the largest reason I prefer the Jam over the iRiffport:  you can hear sound directly from the iPad.  With the iRiffport, you MUST use headphones or attach external speakers.  I tried headphones with the iRiffport and playing the guitar was very awkward.  Nonetheless, with the Jam, I could attach headphones or external speakers to the iPad if I chose to do so.  I wanted something that could make my iPad an amplifier for easy mobility around my house, without having to purchase another amplifier or external speakers.  With the Jam, I have this.3) The Jam has a gain meter (i.e., an LED) and a gain control.  The iRiffport does not.  When not being used to measure the level of the incoming audio, the LED lets you know if you are connected to the iPad, but not to any software (blue light), or if you are connected to the iPad AND to a software application (green light).  There are no batteries needed for the Jam or the iRiffport.4) I personally like that I can use my own guitar cord with the Jam.  If the cord breaks, I simply replace the cord, not my iPad connection device.  The iRiffport uses its own cord, and the connection to my guitar did not feel as strong as my \"normal\" guitar cable I used with the Jam.5)  Although a fairly minor point, it is nice to know that the Jam is advertised by Apple (look at their website and their Garageband video).  And, since I have Garageband on my iPad, I was pleased to see that the advertising material on the Jam states specifically that it works with Garageband.So far, I'm very pleased with the Jam. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kevin review  Can't believe they are still selling these things at full price with the old 30 pin connector.  I have lots of pads but none still have the old style connector.  This is now a boat anchor.  To buy a 3 meter cable from them, they charge $40 for the cable, $15 to ship it and then tax.  The extortion here is almost Monster cable like.  These folks should be embarassed. overallrating 1   lineend
name Oldcabdriver review This gadget works fine to connect an electric guitar to an iPad or iPhone or a computer, but the particular one I received has a defective input socket for a 1/4 inch audio plug.  It doesn't snap in place.  Just sits there waiting to let the plug slide out.  That makes it fairly useless.  I may have simply gotten a defective one. overallrating 2   lineend
name Rick H review My only reluctance about getting this was I thought the price was a little higher than it needed to be but I unboxed and connected this little dealie up and it does exactly what it says it does: it gets down my guitar tracks in iPad and sounds terrific so the $99 0 price tag isn't such a big deal.  NO learning curve, simply connect the included cable from the Jam to your 30-pin iPad dock, plug in your guitar, pull up GarageBand, select an amp, click on the icon in GarageBand that shows the guitar cable end, then select review   in March.  I may not even need that Focusrite box now! overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review I really can't say enough positive things about the Apogee JAM.  Not even 3 years ago, I would have considered recording into an iPad or iPhone to be a &#34;novelty&#34;, and the interface products that most people use to hook up your guitar as &#34;gimmicks&#34; or &#34;toys&#34;.  Now, as of 2013/14, we have so many quality modeling programs, recording DAW's, and AudioBus to connect them to one another.  Whether you're a budding professional, or just a hobbyist aiming to record your own covers, the Apogee JAM (usually around $99.99) deserves a serious look.PROS -Extremely easy to use and widely compatible --&#62; No batteries required.  You get a small plastic converter with an 1/4&#34; input (for guitar cable) on one end and a digital output for 30-pin connector, Lightning, or Mac cables, all of which are included.  Virtually any serious guitar recording app in iOS (GarageBand, Agile AmpKit, AmpliTube, JamUp XT) will recognize and work with the Apogee JAM right out of the box.Crystal clear digital sound --&#62; The sound quality you get through the digital input is markedly better than using the headphone jack as an input.  You'll hear your guitar as it's meant to be heard, and with far less hissing and junk in the background.Considerably less feedback --&#62; This was actually the primary reason I decided to upgrade.  My Positive Grid JamUp Plug wasn't disappointing me in sound quality, but there was so much additional noise that went with it, it would easily cause my modeling amps in Agile AmpKit+ to feed back.  High gain settings (even something basic like a Marshall JCM900) were practically unusable.  Even with clean settings, I had the noise filter turned WAY up, and that still didn't thwart the feedback issues.  The Apogee JAM cured ALL of that instantly.  When I first plugged it in, I wasn't even sure it was on because I expected to hear constant hissing in the background.  What I assumed was a fault of the software was actually due to a poor interface.  The JAM's improvement in avoiding feedback, alone, made it worth its price.No &#34;crosstalk&#34; - When you do multi-track recording with a headphone jack splitter, you get a bleed-over effect referred to as cross-talk.  Basically, you are using the headphone input to monitor and play along with your track, but due to poor circuitry, this also gets fed back into the &#34;armed&#34; track you are recording.  Some people are bothered by this more than others, but it makes quality multi-track recording quite challenging.  I haven't noticed any of that using the Apogee JAM whatsoever, since it is a digital connection.  (You can still monitor your playing using the iPad's headphone jack separately, obviously).Gain control and LED gauge --&#62; Not a feature unique to the JAM, but I love how it's implemented.  When you first plug in the device, the LED light is blue to show that it is hooked up, but not being utilized by software.  Once the input is active in software, the light becomes green.  However, as you play and hit harder notes, the light may change to yellow/orange, or even red.  If it is getting into the red, your input level is too high, and may overdrive the signal.  You adjust this right on the JAM using a roller dial.  I tend to aim for a setting where the light is largely green and starts to touch yellow only in the more aggressive parts.  Works well.CONS -Price point is a little high --&#62; Admittedly, I wasn't thrilled about having to spend $99.99 for what I was already doing with a $20 headphone jack.  That being said, I researched all of the alternatives and repeatedly heard that this was the best.  If I knew it would be as good as it is, the price would have been of little concern.  Also, there aren't really any quality DIGITAL options that are significantly cheaper.Lightweight plastic design --&#62; I actually have no problem with the build quality of the JAM, or that it is made out of plastic.  At the same time, the fact that it is relatively lightweight means that your guitar cable may pull it off of a table.  I also would not advise stepping on it if it happens to fall on the floor.  But they do include two velcro strips to fasten it, and it's a problem you can address with common sense.Highly recommend the Apogee JAM.  It's a mid-level priced device that services everyone from complete amateurs to recording professionals. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tanner Hoke review What was thought to be a DOA model, ended up being a mistake on my behalf. My iPhone 4S, which I have had for about a year now, must've had enough damage and wear to the dock connector so that it works fine...unless trying to use the JAM.In The Box: Comes with a simple instruction manual that has about three steps.It comes with the JAM and two cables (USB and IOS). It is bigger than I had imaginedIt's almost the length of an iPhone. Feels nice, and is very light. The cords aren't very long. overallrating 1   lineend
name Carlo Verdi review Wow, does this stick or what! I installed a small pedal on my pedalboard with just a small piece of this &#34;Power Grip mounting tape&#34; on the top and bottom of the pedal (HOF reverb) and one afternoon I stumbled or better said kicked my board by accident hitting the pedal right on and man it didn't budge! Had I known this before I would have installed all my pedals with this Power-Grip wonder! Need sticking power? This tape will definitely fill the requirement. overallrating 5   lineend
name Coffee Infusion review  Love this stuff. Think I ordered it twice. Much better than standard industrial strength velcro. Just works, so what else more can I say? overallrating 5   lineend
name cvmaparadog review Although it does exactly what it says...it will hold your items together (pedals to pedalboard)...it is significantly thicker than I expected which makes it difficult to use properly without covering the entire board. I purchased one strip and I will use it on my backup board, but I don't plan to purchase any more. overallrating 3   lineend
name Dave review This Power-Grip Pedalboard Mounting Tape is VELCRO ON STEROIDS!!!  This product makes your pedals SUPER SECURE.  The tape backing is first rate heavy adhesive and the gripping &#34;teeth&#34; would make The &#34;JAWS&#34; shark envious.Word of advice;  Make sure you have your pedals arranged the exact way that you want them before you start mounting them to the board. Once down you can pretty much count on an ALMOST PERMENT MOUNTING.And a hint;  Some pedals (like Behringer) have a rubber bottom. Remove these rubber &#34;non-skid&#34; plates because they come off too easily.Also; AMAZON sells &#34;couplers&#34;.  These take less room  and cut down on the clutter.As a matter of fact, AMAZON sells EVERY THING YOU NEED to put together a Pro Board. overallrating 5   lineend
name Diego A. Umana review This is simply one of the best velcro tapes out there. It is very well made and resistant to hold every pedal imagined. I would recommend to get a few roles of power-grip pedalboard velcro as it definetely holds your pedals much better than the 'industrial' velcros included in most pedal boards and a one-meter roll (around 3 feet) wont last long, especially if you have a combination of both regular size (MXR or Boss) and bigger pedals like a Cry Baby Wah or a VOX Satchurator or Time-Machine Reverb or similar. You probably have a few thousand dollars invested in great pedals, even rare ones, so this would be great for you to keep them well-attached to your board and properly organized. Maybe the tape could be made a bit wider, perhaps 1/2 an inch more would be great. It would actually increase a bit the sticking surface. Still a great product/concept. A must buy! overallrating 5   lineend
name Ethan Paulson review I love this tape for multiple reasons, one because when it's on, it's on and not going to come off with bumps or gigging hard or what not, but at the same time if you would need to reassemble your board and want to move pedals around, you can take it off. It won't be easy, but if you get some leverage on it with a flathead or something you can wedge it off. I was able to get everything off my older board, and it came off so clean I was actually able to sell it! So this is some good stuff! Be prepared to buy a few rolls though for an entire board of pedals, as it hooks to itself so you'll go through it pretty quickly. overallrating 5   lineend
name John Ellis review When I made a larger pedal board (from plywood) to accommodate a new pedal tuner, I could not pull the power-grip tape from the old board to reuse it! The adhesive is extremely strong, and the unique locking surface is almost as strong. Works great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Levi Cannon review The velcro itself is insanely amazing. Its so amazing that its stronger than the adhesive backing. If you have an alternative means to adhere this velcro to its surface with a strength stronger than 10 men, then by all means, use this stuff. In the end, you just can't make velcro this strong for use with a pedal board. Once together, it raises the height of the pedal very uncomfortably. I cannot think of a practical application for this velcro. overallrating 1   lineend
name StevenEddy review  What a fantastic product! I believe I have been wishing for this for years!Only one problem. Make sure that you want that pedal there - because once it sticks - you will have a difficult time removing it from that spot.No longer are my pedals going to become disconnected after travel - they actually stay attached to the pedal board!I have ordered two more to do more pedals and boards - this stuff works and is T-U-F-F!I you are having problems with your pedals becoming unattached from your board after driving to and setting up at the club then this is the product you need!I just wish I could get paid for endorsing this product!                                 Still holding strong - building another board and using this stuff - it's much better than regular velcro - I don't have time for pedals falling off of my board in transit - use this and that annoying issue goes away. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sunn Kram review I've been using a standard size Pedaltrain for years and was tired of the adhesive on the pedal side of the Velcro strips inevitably coming loose after being moved around a bit. I use it to keep 3 pedals in place: a Line 6 M5, a Seymour Duncan Twin Tube Classic, and a Live Wire A/B Switch. The first two are pretty heavy and bulky. I needed something substantial to keep them in their spots especially during transport in the case, being carried vertically, with other electronics and a bunch of cables on top of them.I decided to try out the Power-Grip and have been extremely impressed. First, I stripped the old Velcro stuff off of the pedals and board and cleaned the surfaces thouroughly. It all came off pretty easily. I then applied one strip of Power-Grip to each of the bottom 2 panels on the Pedaltrain and individual pieces to the bottom of the pedals. I then let everything sit for 24 hours as recommended.After attaching the pedals, I was amazed at how well everything was secured. The pedals are only being held by the one strip on the higher panel, the other strip is just padding under the bottom sides of the pedals to prevent metal-on-metal abrasion. However, you can confidently hold the whole thing vertically and shake it aggressively without anything going anywhere.I also appreciate that you can pull pedals off of the board to move them around (with some effort) and the grip will release without the adhesive budging even a bit.The grip also bonds to itself, unlike Velcro where you're keeping track of male and female tape when replacing it.I would recommend following the manufacturer's instructions and applying this stuff to clean, hard, non-porous surfaces. I've heard that the adhesive doesn't work on rubber, wood, etc. Many pedals have rubber padding / feet on the bottom but I've had no trouble prying that stuff right off before putting the tape on.You will appreciate the stability, security, and convenience this stuff provides. Get a few rolls as a meter doesn't go as far as you'd think. overallrating 5   lineend
name brien patterson review I have never played a string instrument... and it looks like I'll be able to get the hang of this very quickly. Only problem is the strings. Sting one ... play's &#34;dead&#34; meaning it will not stay in-tune. Not sure if the knot is slipping or it is the string type that is the problem. Have another set of strings [better quality] and will try that set soon. overallrating 4   lineend
name Chris review This is a great package for beginners. I never played a ukelele before but I learned to play guitar many years ago.  I have no idea on how to tune a ukelele so I downloaded an app called review  s complaining about the device being out of tuned, just give the string a try to settle. This are cheap string that they included here and it will take time to settle in. Or you can buy a better quality string that costs around $9 0 for a set.  Another place you can check is the tuner, make sure that it does not get pulled back when the strings tension. If it would not hold its place then just grab a philips screw driver and tighten it a little.  That is an easy fix.2. The String: As I mentioned above, it is a cheap string that needs a lot of adjusting until it settles. Even if you buy a  good quality strings, I am sure that it will also need a few adjustment in the beginning. It comes with 2 extra set in case you accidentally snap the one that is already installed. The problem is that the extra set does not have a label so you have to eyeball it.  From some research I found online they said that the Thinnest string will be the A string. The second thinnest is the E string, The thickest is the C string and the second thickest is the G string. The extra string package says \"Gangia Brand\" on it so I assumed that that is the brand of the string.3. The Book: I just scanned the book and I could tell that it is written well for beginners. The songs included progress from only needing 2 chords in the beginning and they add more chords on the succeeding lessons. Each song have a chart on which chord you will use.4. The Case:  The case will protect your ukelele from dust, water and from getting dirty while you are transporting it but will definitely protect the device from being damage in case of a drop.5. The DVD's and CD's: I have not tried the DVD and CD's yet but the DVD's I believe will have the lesson and the CD will have the songs on the books so you can listen to it and have an idea on how to play the songs on the book. I will come back and edit this item once I get the chance to watch the DVD and listen to the CD.Overall. This is a great price for the package. overallrating 5   lineend
name christopher Lamothe review well I found the lesson very good and worth the money I payed as far as the instrument it self found it to be sub par would of payed a few dollars more if the instrument was better quality but the lesson is great overallrating 3   lineend
name Joe review  This is such a cute little instrument, my daughter loves it and the sound is good.  The only downside is that it doesn't stay tuned for very long.  We always have to go and re-tune it, which can be frustrating.  But otherwise it seems well made, it looks great and when its tunes, the sound is good.  Its not multi-hundred dollar instrument, but for kids and beginners its a good deal. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michaela review Please don't listen to these amateurs talking about how the strings wouldn't keep tune. They don't know anything about stringed instruments or nylon strings. You have to keep tuning it until the strings stretch. Like all instruments, the strings have to stretch, especially with nylons, so be patient. It only took me about half an hour. It clearly states STARTER pack, so obviously its not going to be a high quality ukulele, especially because of the price. These people just do not know how to read. It has a great sound, but the 'lightweight gig bag' definitely is lightweight. If you want real protection, I would recommend getting a hard case or something along the lines. it is a great buy though, considering the price. I highly recommend this product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard review  Love the ukulele,  and the book is okay,, shows cords but the songs are very outdated,,  you tube is your friend when learning the uku...Update : I got a tenor uku for Xmas adn bought a concert uku just because, I love them both more than this little guy although it does travel with me and I just forked out money for a hardshell case so it wont get beat up as much in my suitcase by American Airlines,( just ruined my suitcase)anyhow,  it has been going out of tune for awhile now ( c string fattest one)  and I just figured out my bridge is lifting, there are two rivets holding it down and there is a board inside although not a very thick one,,will be putting a new piece on the inside and some good wood glue under the bridge and let it dry,,,  if the bridge falls apart again, I will be smashing the box and making a Banjo uku with the neck,,if you think you are really going to like playing, go for a concert or tenor,,  if you are liking the size spend a bit of money, this is pretty much the same as my grand daughters 20 dollar ebay ukulele I bought myself 4 years ago and gave to my 3 yo grand daughter because that one too would not stay in tune. overallrating 5   lineend
name Victoria review My hubby and I decided we wanted to learn to play the uke, so we ordered this set based on decent reviews.  Wonderful.  We learned to play thanks to this kit.  While the instrument itself certainly isn't of high quality, it is more than adequate and has a good sound.  The real jewel in the crown 'tho is the instruction book.  Fab! It is highly informative, easy to follow, and has some good songs in it.  I still use it for reference and do not pick up my uke without that book nearby. overallrating 5   lineend
name alexander review Replaced my beloved Small clone chorus with this pedal and I'm glad I did. This is one lush pedal and it's all analog. This pedal also sounds great with gain. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review I tried this in front, in the middle, and at the end of an effects chain, as well as by itself, plugged into the effects loop of my Mesa Boogie Mark V amplifier.  Whenever it is in the path, as soon as I engage my effects loop, the signal level drops considerably.  It did not matter whether the pedal was on or not.  The chorus effect is good, but I don't want my volume to drop every time I turn on my effects loop.  I have the loop balanced with all of the other pedals that I use, so I can't raise the send any more. overallrating 2   lineend
name Diego A. Umana review This is a great effect! Awesome engineering as Jim Dunlop's MXR products have always presented. The true bypass feature and the high-end quality materials make it very reliable and dependable. This Analog Chorus pedal is very sensitive and delivers as it should. It's great to add low and high end cut to make it even more versatile. It is also very small and will not take a lot of space in your board. I actually believe this pedal will exceed all your expectations. You will not be dissappointed at all. Ships fast. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name J.E.S. review This pedal has a great range of function (with variable width and depth) along with an independent level control, and tone controls for low and high frequency cutoffs. It also has a dry through output.It can go from low depth high speed shimmers, to high depth, low speed oscillations, to ridiculous warble.The pedal is light weight, very high quality, durable, quite good looking, and all around a good pedal to play around with.Cons: The blue led, like many blue leds, is VERY bright; I usually cover them up with a sticker so I can see the setting on the pedal.It can also be easy to accidentally touch the pedal casing with the positive barrel of when plugging in (this can frighteningly spark). So make sure to plug in the power adapted into the pedal before plugging in the wall. overallrating 4   lineend
name Knoxville AV guy review I had sworn off Chorus pedals years ago, the sounded so sterile and digital the sucked the tone out your guitar and amp and made everything sound the same. Not with the MXR Analog Chorus, very musical and transparent, I like the presets recommended in the instruction manual. the stereo out is very cool for using two amps . and of course it is an MXR so it is built like a tank and will last forever. By the way this is the exact same pedal as the Zak Wylde chorus pedal with out all the cheese paint job , not all of us are metal heads overallrating 5   lineend
name T. Winkler review  To start off with the unit is all metal construction and built like a tank, it is very easy to set up and use the controls are self-explanatory.You can get a wide variety of coarse effects from this unit from the very subtle to the crazy overdriven David Gilmour sound.One distinct feature this pedal has that sets it apart from the rest is you can actually use base and trouble cut off controls to tailor the sound to make it sound less tinny  and more full.Overall for the money this is a fantastic value well-built and has outstanding sound get it you won't be disappointed! overallrating 5   lineend
name Victor Hugo review I had used some Boss CE-5 and CH-1 and substituted them with this unit. It's has a cool analog/vintage sound of chours. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr Tall review This cable is an amazing find. It simply works! I am not sure if some of the cables others have reviewed have had loose wiring in them, but the cable I received is perfect.I plugged the cable into my Windows laptop, waited 30 seconds while it recognized the cable and installed drivers, and I was good to go. I plugged in a dynamic microphone, opened the Audacity software program, hit record and it was amazing sound quality. I had previously used a variety of input devices from a JamHub to a Behringer USB line input device to an Art audio preamp to even going low-budget with just a cable directly into the microphone input of the (ThinkPad) laptop. This cable provides as high quality of an audio signal as any other reasonably priced device I have used.There are, however, a few limitations...- This cable is mono only, i.e. not for stereo recording. This seems obvious, but is worth mentioning for those who have less experience with this type of stuff.- This cable only works with Dynamic Microphones. If your microphone is a Condenser microphone, you either need a battery powered microphone or some type of 'phantom' power source to power the condenser microphone.The really good things?- This cable works excellent at providing a good signal level to the Audacity software. Some input devices are either very hot (too much level) or have hardly any gain at all, so this cable works very well by providing just the right level.- This cable works amazingly well with a direct box to record a bass guitar, acoustic/electric guitar, keyboard, etc. I have a lot of direct boxes and this works well on all of them. I was able to record a bass guitar track with about the least amount of fuss ever (think three minutes setup time from thinking of the idea to hitting record) using just this cable and a Hosa www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000WS1Q4E/ direct box I purchased from Amazon as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul Kacprzak review The HDE xlr to usb is ubs. I have the same problem the red blinking syndrome. I learneda long time ago dont try to fixsomething you paid for send it back. So I did Thanks Hde for wasting my time. Go sell your snake oil to someone else.....I overallrating 1   lineend
name RustyBill review  ers said it was too low. Note that this will not provide phantom power, nor does the item description imply that it will. USB only provides 5VDC and phantom power usually requires 18-48VDC. Unless there is some kind of power converter (which would be much too large to fit in this compact package) it is impossible for this or any similar sized cable to provide the higher voltage that phantom power requires. Use this with a dynamic mic or direct box and if you use it correctly you will be very happy! overallrating 5   lineend
name StudioDude review This cable was very affordable, but you get what you pay for. It sounded brilliant while it wasn't broken, for about the 4 hours of runtime. It works if it isn't abused at all, but if you abuse it in any way at all, your out an XLR cable. I do not recommend this product at all for heavy usage. overallrating 2   lineend
name tada review Needed to get mic into computer via the USB port.  Just try to find.  Amazon had it, and at a good price. overallrating 4   lineend
name Brian Mark review Having purchased many &#34;A&#34; frame and more &#34;traditional&#34; style stands, this one has quickly become my favorite. Not only is the padding much better than the rest of them, this thing is very sturdy and the casters actually work. Only thing lacking a bit is the instructions, but it's easy enough to put together that they aren't really needed. I'll probably be buying a second one for the rest of my guitars soon. overallrating 5   lineend
name David G review I almost gave it 4 stars since you have to be smart to assemble it.  Directions don't include the proper details.  I would write them but that's their job.  I spend 20 minutes instead of 5 or so it they explained the process better.  The stand with my guitars looks awesome.  It's perfect for 2-3 acoustics and 1-2 electric guitars.  I wouldn't load it with 7 since they would inevitably bump while putting them in or taking them out.  Nice addition to my studio. overallrating 5   lineend
name digitel review Well... its a stand..  its super cheap and i don't mean the price.  the edges are sharp and the piece that holds the neck of the guitars is leaning too far back.. i stuck some cardboard under the rear post to help keep that back brace more up right and no leaning back.  its going to work but i bumped the bottom with my bare feet and it cut me pretty well.  Instructions were ok..  came with more parts than what were required... all holes filled and i have  of of each part extra.. the guitars do not sit very well in this stand... i will use it until i can find a better one.. it will get replaced.. i really should send this POS back to Amazon.  the concept is great but the execution of it sucks. it folds down but not sure i would use this as a portable stand..  there are better options out there for something portable.  this stand is worth 10 0 tops... if i had it to do all over i would save my money. overallrating 2   lineend
name Earle G review  I can put 5 electric guitars in gig bags on this stand. It is solid and no problems with itafter 6 months use. Assembly was pretty easy and took little time. overallrating 5   lineend
name frankp93 review  I bought the stand to better organize my personal studio space and I'm satisfied enough to consider purchasing a second (too many instruments for my own good).Still, it could use some tweaks: I'd recommend putting lock washers under all the nuts - very inexpensive and keeps the bolts tight - especially on carpet where there's even more tendency for the pieces to shift about under stress. It also protects against over-tightening the bolts that can bend the relatively lightweight metal arms and support bars.I can imagine people feeling queasy about storing expensive instruments on a stand that feels like it wouldn't take much to tilt over forwards, but you should be able to convince yourself that the downward force of the instrument bodies (especially electrics) counteracts the weight of the necks leaning into the top support - making a forward fall unlikely.Still, for sanity's sake, I'd position the stand close to a wall. At first, this causes a dilemma because your headstocks will extend beyond the front plane of the stand. But it's easy to rig up one or two 6-8 inch support pieces from wood or pipe insulation-covered metal to brace the stand against the wall while providing comfortable clearance for the headstocks. Removing any worry of a fall is worth the effort.The design can hold a variety of instrument body shapes; the trick is to find the optimum balance point but it's not hard: I fit an acoustic bass guitar, a 335-shaped Ibanez Artist, Strat, SG-shaped bass, J-Bass, a Martin OM-1, a long neck bouzouki, six-string banjo and a Nick Lucas-shaped Recording King acoustic on it. That said, I don't max out the seven slots - I'll use at most 5, simply because different shapes make catching a strap and banging an instrument too easy when they're that close. If I were storing all electric guitars or basses with similar shapes, I might be comfortable with six or even seven.I wouldn't use this stand on stage - and by 'on stage' I mean any setting with people moving about who might come into contact with it, including a house party, basement jam session, etc. It's simply not sturdy enough, physics or no. But for my needs it works well and saves me a lot of floor space where it's tight to begin with. overallrating 5   lineend
name Laytonium review I love this thing and for the price you just can't beat it. It seems sturdy and I have gigged with it for a couple months now and it is holding up. I haven't tried it with acoustic guitars but it fits my 7 electric guitars very nicely. Set up only took about 10 min or so and it included all the tools necessary. I saw the same one in guitar center a week later for $60 more. Like I said, for the price you can't beat it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mallory review Easy to put together,stable and cheap. 100% would recommend. I want to get more guitar,just to get a other one. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mark D. Davis review got these stands to hold my guitars, they are o.k. for at home but i really wouldn't recomend them for gigging too much. they bend at the welds pretty easy and might break overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike review This might be a really, really nice stand, but the one I received was defective-one of the small top separator arms that keep the guitar necks apart was unattached and won't attach, so I have to return it for a refund.  I'll probably buy another one afterward with the hopes that it's intact this time. overallrating 3   lineend
name ng11 review  It works as advertised but be aware it's not for anything freshly painted or any guitar with a nitro finish. It will mess up the finish. Nitro is usually used on your more expensive guitars like my Gibson Les Paul for example. It's amazing how many guitar stands can mess up your finish, that's a pretty major design flaw. But they just keep making them.Anyway, it is a nice little stand but be careful. If you have a nice guitar you'll want to cover the padding with some cloth to avoid possible damage. overallrating 3   lineend
name Roger review After having collected a few guiters through the years I needed the kind of stand to hold certain ones in particular. overallrating 5   lineend
name tgn1956 review Works well overallrating 5   lineend
name Todd M review First of all, this is a $40 7-guitar stand. It's not a high-end $200 pro stand. That being said, the materials are decent. It seems strong and stable. I would not recommend it if you plan on using it to move from gig to gig. I bought it to have a convenient place to keep our 5 guitars and basses handy. Rather than having 5 individual stands, this stand is perfect for keeping our living room neat.The metal is decent, but if you tighten the screws too much, the metal does flex/warp.So far so good. overallrating 4   lineend
name William review it is not that large and really organizes my instruments.  The only detriment is that I leave my instruments out and they tend to collect dust.  Cover them with a sheet or something. overallrating 4   lineend
name Zerochief review This stand is ok for light home use. I would not recommend this thing for gigging or travel. Very cheaply made but does the job. Guitars do not rest naturally in a sweet spot. You must set a guitar down in the correct position or it will lay a bit sideways and jar other guitars on  the rack. Avoid if you can spend more. overallrating 2   lineend
name Gail review I am trying to learn to play violin, but was having difficulty finding the proper fingering for the notes. This has been very helpful for me to check finger position. I will be removing it when I can consistently find the proper placing for my fingers. This has also help me in tuning the violin. overallrating 5   lineend
name Igor B. review Don't Fret Position Indicator for 4/4 Violin or 14&#34; Viola is very helpful tool, especially for beginners. If you start to learn violin - buy it, it will make your study much prettier. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael review I had thin cut strips of duct tape on my fretboard before and then i saw this, not only is it alot more visually appealing but its more accurate aswell overallrating 5   lineend
name SJ Holley review This item was purchased because I'm doing self-teaching on the fiddle.  I figured it would be a good idea to have this to train my fingers while I'm learning.  Since I'm used to fretted instruments this helps me visualize where my fingers should go.  I like that it has the different colors for the different finger positions.  I also like that it has perferations along the template so you can put as much or as little of the indicator on the fingerboard as you want.It did take some measuring to get this in place.  I had to be very careful to put it on squarely.  The closer I got to the bridge the more difficult it got and it was a little out of line, but not so much that it would affect how to use the template.One things I had to deal with was to make sure I had a MM measuring devise.  The bridge of the violin had to be 325 mm from the nut.  It took some doing, but I was finally able to get the bridge in the correct position in order to make sure the fred indicator would give me the correct notes. overallrating 4   lineend
name StudentBern review Good for any beginner, but consultation with a teacher, if you have one, is recommended.  For ham fisted persons, positioning is not easy; for lossening strings, proper bridge resetting, and exact measuring of string length from the nut to the bridge is required.  Measuring requires a hard ruler with a full 330 milimeters (325 required) - bet you don't have one - or a technician's measuring tape and confident measuring skill.  Measuring is best with a cooperative assistant.  Bridge distance can be first set by good measurement and tightening the D string to hold the bridge position, measurement check, tightening the A string, measurement check, removal of the backing material and good positioning of the guide while eliminating the bubbles followed by tightening the 1st and 4th strings and tuning the instrument. Do it!  You'll appreciate your instrument a lot more than it takes to just pick it up and start practicing.  If you ain't intelligent, Good Luck!  You'd best be served with dot stickers. overallrating 4   lineend
name David H. Bailey review Excellent picks, with nicely rounded corners to the essentially triangular shape and nicely beveled edges to make tremolo playing easy and smooth.  The only problem I have is that I keep changing my mind between whether I want a crisp corner for my picking for clarity or a pick like these for smoother playing.  These are a great addition to any mandolin player's case because they give the player a nice alternative to trying to use one of the rounded corners on a pick like a Fender heavy. overallrating 5   lineend
name frankp93 review  ). If, however, you're really a fan of a biting high treble sound, these picks are probably not your best choice unless you're willing to put a sharper edge on the bevel with a file and fine sandpaper. In fact, a pack of 12 three corner picks can be an economic way to experiment with pick shape and bevel angle if you're searching for your ideal tone.If you support your hand by resting your palm or fingers on the mandolin, chances are your attack, tone and volume are generally softer and I think these picks will produce an unacceptably dull tone. Tweaking the shape may still leave you feeling as though you're not benefiting from the large mass of the pick and it's just slowing you down. For such a lighter stroke, I'd recommend the 1 mm tri-corner I use for guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hagen LeBray review This pick is well designed for mandolin playing.  Unlike standard guitar picks, it has generously radiused corners.  It's also stiff and comfortable to hold when playing. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe McParland review I was looking for picks comparable to the three that came with my Fender beginner's mandolin set, worried I'd permanently lend them out or otherwise lose them. Having a dozen similar--a few for me and a few to share--meets the need! He heavy feel and very rounded edges make for a very mellow sound and allow for a quiet practice, especially when compared to lighter weight and pointer guitar picks. overallrating 4   lineend
name Kathleen B. Janecka review  Picks are personal thing and even then everyone seems to change once in a while.  I really like the feel of this hard little pick with the round edge, which gives a warm round sound, but if you like to have the bluegrass banjo sound, all you need to do is file down one edge to what you'd like and you can have it all.  Great pick, I recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michaela review This works amazing! It is very thick, which is great for a nicer sound on the mandolin. It also works great for a guitar. It works really nice with steel strings, but I have yet to test it on my ukuleles nylon strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name mkniser review This is a good pick.  They give the strings a sweet sound and slide off the strings nicely.  However they do have a really annoying clicky sound that is not so hot.  After trying a few others I settled on Wegen Picks.  They make the Golden Gates sound bleak in comparison.  Wegens definitely click less, are easier to grip and bring out the natural woody sound and character of the instrument.  If you are looking for something that will progress with you, you may wish to look elsewhere. overallrating 3   lineend
name AMlevesque review I chose this rating because even though it is an Epiphone, a Les Paul and affiliation with Gibson it is made in China NOT the USA as one would think by the name affiliations.  I think that fact should be pointed out in the advertisement that is is NOT a USA product. When opened, the white pick guard as showen in the picture was missing from the body of the instrument but I did find it in the pocket of the soft carry case. The white pick guard should have come attached to the body from the factory. So someone messed up in QUALITY CONTROL. With that said, I find the finished look is fine without the guard, the tone sounds good when not electrified and the sound is good when electrified. I decided NOT to send it back because everything else appeared ok when using it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bon review The ukulele is very cool looking, it plays nice, it doesn't sound as nice as a more expensive ukulele, it comes with cheap strings, but it's a very fun ukulele.  I think it's worth a hundred dollars. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jeffro review I really like Epiphone products. They are well-made, easy to play guitars. I also purchased an Ep Les Paul Special 2 Ebony from Amazon a while back. But, I received this Uke defective. I expected when I plugged it in it would play through an amplifier but I couldn't here anything at all. Totally dead. There are no volume controls but it was like the volume was turned all the way down. I'm disappointed because I expect Gibson to test each guitar before it leaves the factory. I actually bought this guitar for a friend and was very embarrassed when I got over to his house and it didn't work in front of him. I just requested a return/exchange from Amazon. If the next one works ok I may buy a second one for me. I seem to have bad luck with electric-acoustic guitars when purchased through Amazon. I had to send back my Dean 12 string elec-acoust to Amazon too because of an intermittent sound problem.  I do want to state that this is a beautiful Uke with nice feeling nylon strings, fine wood high polished surface, high quality tuners and plays loud acoustically.  The actual guitar looks even BETTER in person than in the picture. If this Uke was working 100% I would have given it a 4 or 5. overallrating 2   lineend
name Justin P. Palmieri review  I love this uke! it came fast. such a solid built uke feels like a les paul nice and sturdy!sounds amazing, intonation is perfect and never slips out of tune. it has a nice mellowtone unplugged and when you plug it in it sounds amazing! the finish is amazing perfectone of my favorite instruments i ever, owned totally worth buying for the priceyou will not regret it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Scotty Boy review Beautifully finished. Everything about the construction of instrument is unbelieveable. Nice sound in the acoustic too. If this is an indicator of Indonesian made instruments, then all string instruments should be made there. Epiphone has outdone itself. I absolutely adore this instrument. I would love to have a Baritone Uku of this same design. overallrating 5   lineend
name Steve review Dunno how, but mine came with no cable and the pickguard wasn't installed.  The pickguard is no biggie, I actually didn't want it on there (it seems oversized to me).  If I wanted it on there tho, it's got a peel off sticky back.  Not having a cable was kinda a big deal.  I sent an email to Epiphone (Gibson), got a response within a day and after sending in proof of purchase, they promised to send me a cable.  Nice customer service.As far as the Uke, the finish on mine was perfect, no blemishes I can see.  I did change out the strings, and it does sound a 'little' better I suppose, but not that much.  Probably would have messed around on the stock strings a bit longer, but I listened to the reviews and did a change right away.  For $100, if you want a uke, this one looks awesome and plays well. overallrating 4   lineend
name Alex Bartlett review I received a selection of pics for a reasonable price. The variety of materials and thicknesses offered good opportunity to explore my options. overallrating 5   lineend
name applegd07 review great picks. i like the feel and the control it provides. i like its texture and the size. just perfect. overallrating 5   lineend
name Autumn review I don't know how much you can say about picks, but this is a versatile pack. You get a multitude of types and there are 2 of each thickness. If you use a variety of picks or are wanting to test out other types of picks, this is for you. overallrating 5   lineend
name Carter review Need a little variety in your life? well... Its nice never having to look for a pick they're just always around now overallrating 5   lineend
name Cut to the Chase review Simply a nice assortment of picks to try.  Worth a purchase just to experience the differences a simple pick change can make. overallrating 5   lineend
name digitel review Great Selection of Dunlop Picks  it was a good choice of finding what type of picks i preferred.. Didnt know until i sampled quiet a few.. overallrating 5   lineend
name DNCB review  They are picks for guitars and they work. They also have pretty colors. Right now I am just writing to get the required words out. If you dont want anything heavy this is good for you. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dustin Kempton review I only use a few of them, it's good to find what style fits you. I'd recommend it for finding what suits you. overallrating 4   lineend
name jason review lots of different thicknesses and textures to try out and see what works or like the best, great picks sampler overallrating 5   lineend
name John G. review Not cheap as far as pics are concerned, but it's definitely nice to get a variety pack now and then.  If you're new, it helps you find what you like.  if you're experience, you might like to keep different pics around while searching for that new sound. overallrating 4   lineend
name luiszo review i use thin picks, (.38, .46 and .50)  so this pack gets you thicker ones too which i don't use.  i actually like the dunlop brand/material so once i get used to thicker ones, i'll try these.  the pack only have .50 and thicker in case you're looking for very thin ones.  if so, then don't buy this sample pack.  go and buy the Dunlop Nylon .38 or .46 overallrating 3   lineend
name Mike N. review I bought the wrong pack(Was supposed to buy the light/medium pack) but its alright these picks let me try out a bunch of different gauges and materials to see what fit me best. My favorite pick out of this bunch was  the Dunlop Jazz 3 pick. It would be great if the item name was changed to like 'Dunlop 12 Med/Heavy pick variety pack' but that might be me being too picky. overallrating 5   lineend
name rshirley10 review The sampler pack was a good variety of pick thicknesse and are useful in finding out what type of picks are most useful in playing various guitar styles. overallrating 3   lineend
name David L. Bacon review This is a pretty decent guitar. If you can get past the brite orange color of the sound board. Was disappointed that the electronics are a tuner that you have to switch from string to string (why would they put a tuner in this six string guitar, that is made for a seven string?)  and a volume nob that goes from low to high. No tone control, no presence control. Hint: Don't go to guitar shops and play a better guitar than you can afford. It will just leave everything else you can afford seem lacking. overallrating 4   lineend
name Debra Merrill Mccullar review  I purchased this as my first classical guitar because I need a guitar I can plug in, overall I'm extremely impressed with it, it stays in tune pretty well, has shockingly low action for a classical, sounds great plugged in and unplugged, has a built in tuner, comfortable to play, overall I love the guitar, well worth the money! overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeremy Hurst review This is a great guitar for the money!!!! It has low action and has a truss rod in the neck for adjustments! The built in tuner works great and plugged up this guitar has a very natural and clean sound. I would recommend this guitar to anyone looking at it!!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Md. Zaheer Hasan review This guitar is pretty good for the price. The only reason it has 4 stars is because my first and 2nd string keep detuning. Might be the weather, but strangely it keeps tune in DADGAD. I think I may need to tighten some screws. Anyway, not a bad choice at all if you want a nice classical. overallrating 4   lineend
name Sam Nunn review My C5CE Washburn has been a very good purchase. I was looking for a guitar with enough space between strings so that my fingers would not mute strings accidentally while practicing cords. I prefer guitars having solid woods, not laminated like this one. It has the ability to plug into an amp, has easy access to the battery, has a built in easy to use tuner, and the wiring dose not rattle about. It has a good compensated saddle, the frets are level and do not buzz, has a truss rod in the neck, and has a bound rosewood fingerboard. I have always liked the sound of classic guitars, like the option to plug in, and am more impressed by sound than brand name.A person who has small fingers might be better off looking for a narrower neck. This is not a small guitar or a thin body guitar. It rings out very well, so it is not a quiet guitar but is not likely to disturb your neighbors unless plugged in.Mine has some edges not well stained, likely due to glue squeeze out during assembly. Top is a bit wavy, from buffing. Still has some orange peel but not a lot.  Lastly, the nut and saddle are too high for my preference. Some people may be turned off by the orange color of the top, sort of a classic color that I have gotten used to now.Other guitars in this price range are typically made with laminated tops or backs, this model is not. I was not clear enough above where I mentioned laminated woods.If something happened to it, I would be likely to replace it with another one just like it. A very cost effective, good sounding, well made guitar. Good job Washburn. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Stewart Pope review This is an amazing guitar for the price. I wanted a classical guitar to round out my collection. The guitar has good tone and action. The built in tuner is a nice addition because nylon strings stretch when they are new so you have to retune frequently.  The guitar stays in tune nicely after the strings are broken in.  The pickup works nicely but is a little sensitive and loud.  The guitar sounds good both acoustically and amplified, but I prefer the acoustic sound.  The finish is a bit more orange than pictured. You could spend a lot more money on a classical guitar and not end up with a better guitar than this one. overallrating 4   lineend
name A. Garza review  I bought these for my teen son who plays the bass. He absolutely loves them and they seem to be lasting a good while as well. Nice sounds. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I used a felt pick that was made in the 1940s for a long time and it finally disintegrated over time and became unusable. I bought a set of Mahalo Felt Picks and while they seem nice, they're too stiff to get a clean sound when strumming and I get a raspy, harsh tone when picking single strings.I know many people love these felt picks, but I've found a set of soft rubber picks here on Amazon that give me a tone that's much closer to the sound of my dearly departed vintage felt pick. overallrating 3   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I bought these because they were an &#34;add-on&#34; offer and I'm glad I did.  I don't play uke but a friend turned me on to using them for bass. These are a little too soft for guitar (check out the Dunlops) but I'm going to make sure I have some of these around, too. overallrating 4   lineend
name Chesslovenpyro review I love these picks. I bought them just as an add on to get free shipping but they turned out being a great buy. It is much louder than playing with just my fingers and changes the sound completely. overallrating 5   lineend
name David Burch review What can you say about a pick? These picks sound good and have lasted well. I have also found that felt uke picks produce a good sound on bass guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name DrummerLD review I don't often use a pick for my soprano uke. The Mahalo picks bring a clarity of tone that I really like, especially if I'm looking for a brighter sound. overallrating 5   lineend
name expert_101 review these picks are bigger than i expected. easy to hold and very soft. they deliver a rather muted and softer sound than traditional picks. overallrating 4   lineend
name KAY ADAMS review MY THUMB GOT SORE!  I HADN'T PLAYED ANY OF MY STRING INSTRUMENTS FOR SOME TIME.  THE FINGER TIPS ON MY LEFT HAND WERE NO LONGER CALLUSED AND MY RIGHT UKULELE STRUMMING THUMB WAS TENDER FROM BEING OUT OF PRACTICE.  HENCE MY PURCHASE OF THESE FELT PICKS.  THE PICKS ARE FINE.  THEY ARE USEFUL.  MY ONLY COMMENT IS THAT I REALLY LIKE A FELT PICK THAT IS THICKER AND A LITTLE SOFTER.  THESE ARE GOOD BUT DIFFERENT. overallrating 4   lineend
name KP review We purchased these because they were recommended to be used with the Ukulele.  They seem to make a damper sound rather than allowing the strings to make music.  Not sure I would buy these again. But great to give the kids when I don't want to hear 6 Uke's practicing at the same time. overallrating 3   lineend
name R. Dary review As a classical guitarist, I have never touched a pick to my nylon strings.  As a recent ukulele enthusiast, however, I have a little different approach.  In a group, if all are acoustic, a lead line of some sort has to push through the strummers.  I tried these.  Nothing against them.  They are good for strumming.  For lead, I needed to use something harder.  I went to a soft plastic or nylon pick.  It will still not be too good for the strings, but it does the sonic job I need.For a nice strum, these are fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name Seph review Recently got the itch to try some different picks out just for fun.. these, rubber picks, metal picks, etc. I play guitar.I'm not crazy about these for that purpose, but they aren't made for guitar obviously, so I can't fault them. They seem to be made well made. They are larger than I expected, and rather thick.Obviously these are made for ukes, so my review is probably not helpful to many. If you're like me and were looking for some variety for the guitar I'd suggest the rubber picks instead. They give a similar mellow sound without mudding up the tone, and they are easier and more comfortable to use also. Heck, maybe uke players should try those too? overallrating 5   lineend
name Tommy B. review Aloha friends! Simply put, if you have a ukulele, then these are the picks that you should be using. Cheers! overallrating 5   lineend
name WillieJ review I thought these would give me more volume and a better feel for stumming my uke.  I don't use them much at all, preferring palin hand strumming to what these deliver. overallrating 3   lineend
name delighted review nice comfortable very comfortable to use and easy to install on the guitar and was just like the picture showed. overallrating 5   lineend
name DNCB review  Well I guess it works? I don't know what I was expecting. I was hoping to get something cheap but that works for my classic guitar. I had to tie the other end around the guitar area but I don't know I guess it is okay it doesn't really bother me it is just that I wasnt expecting it. Also the actual band where I can put around my body is not THAT comfortable but it is okay and I can move around in it and secure it to my body. overallrating 3   lineend
name grandpa review  2&#34; wide, Nylon strap is well made, comfortable and should last many years. The ends are leather, sewn onto the strap. It has room for adjusting to fit almost anyone, short or tall. Comes in several colors. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jai review My pet use to roam the car while driving.  He has learned to stay stationed and relaxes a lot more! overallrating 4   lineend
name Melissa review I sometimes see reviews as redundant and unnecessary and I see a lot of positive reviews for this guitar strap, but I don't know why. Maybe other people don't really care what kind of strap they have or maybe they just have never had a good strap before. It wasn't too hard to get on and only took a couple of seconds, but once I got it on it was stiff and felt odd. It was very uncomfortable around my neck and I took it off my guitar in a matter of matters. I would honestly recommend spending a few extra dollars on a more expensive and more comfortable strap. Unless you're just going for something that is inexpensive, does the job, and isn't designed for comfort. overallrating 1   lineend
name thelastpiece review I bought three of these at the same time to replace some older straps that were starting to rip and fall apart. They are decent cheap guitar straps with a tight fit over the strap buttons. Two out of the three I bought are still performing well but one of them quickly cracked around the hole where that the strap button goes through and will occasionally slip off. Not a huge deal because that seems to happen with almost every guitar strap I've ever bought a one point or another but it happened quicker with this particular strap. I suppose, unless I have strap locks, there is no way around this. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dave review  This was something I HAD to pick up, simply due to the price.  I own a Shure SM57 and compared to this, the sound is very close, not dead on, but I'd consider this over other mics for someone on a budget.The  top does not spin like the Shure and the weight is much lighter due to the material used to cut cost I'm sure, but none the less, it makes no difference sound wise.Overall, a great buy! overallrating 4   lineend
name D. WALTER review I've used this mic with my Tascam US-800 Audio Interface, and PC, to record a high school chorus concert, and have gotten very good audio reproduction from this microphone. I placed one of these microphones as a soloist microphone, and one as a piano/instrument microphone, and have gotten great results from both. The reproduction of the sound was very good. The mic seems very solid in build, and able to possibly take a little abuse, which is good with a travelling recording system, but I definately wouldn't TRY dropping one, even though they're a nice metal case, and metal grill. I'd recommend these mics to anyone looking to get a good reproduction of sound for both vocals, and instrumentals, on a budget. I have yet to try these with micing guitar amps, but that's my next step, as well as drums. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gregory Madden review I ordered 1 just to try it since it was so cheap, the first one arrived in non working condition, wires inside werent even soldered, so i ordered a replacement, plugged it in and it didnt work either, the second wasnt soldered either.I know its cheap, but i expected it to at least work, do not buy overallrating 1   lineend
name NoName review This is a great microphone for 10 bucks, (did I just say $10?....LOL) it does not have the same sound as a Shure SM 57, but it is kind of close. I used it as an overhead microphone on drums, recorded an acoustic guitar with it, and it worked perfect. Seen some reviews about &#34;hiss&#34; from this microphone, the &#34;hiss&#34; is from the cheap XLR into 3/4 connection (who uses that kind of connection anyway?, would have been great if it included a real XLR but cannot complain) after I swapped out the cheap cord and replaced it, hiss was gone, a no brainer really. I have been a producer/engineer for over 3o years, this is a great utility microphone, if you need an overhead, or a microphone to put in front of a guitar amp, slap it on percussion etc... it will work just fine, the sound, it is quite clean actually, for $10 it is a steal. If this one last a few months may pick up a couple more for my studio, as I can never have enough microphones. Every microphone has it uses. I would not recommended putting this up for a vocalist but as a utility microphone you cannot beat price and quality, well constructed pro like product. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Heisler review OK, I just got this mic in the mail a few hours ago. I did a little comparison to a pretty old SM57 that I've have since 1990ish and it was actually very good. The Pyle has more gain then the old 57 and as for sound I would say they are damn near identical to my ear. I did the A/B test by mic'ing a guitar cab and recording a hi gain metal guitar riff trying my best to keep the mic's in the very same positions. I would recommend for sure. Here's a link to an A/B comparison I did with an SM57. [...] overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick Bennette review  This microphone feels well built from all metal construction and the XLR connector mates firmly with most cables. The included cable is light duty, but not bad if you treat it with respect.The mike exhibits rich vocal tone throughout the frequency range with resonant lows, smooth midrange and crisp highs. For almost any singer or announcer, this will be just what they need. The cardiod pattern reduces feedback and background noise, making it a nice announcers mike for corporate video production. The sound is unbelievable, especially at this price. For under twenty dollars, this Pyle-Pro mike can't be beat.One issue I have with this mike is when using it on a Tascam DR40 portable recorder with an XLR to XLR cable, the Tascam generates a digital pulsing noise into the input electronics. Both of my Pyle Pro mikes have the same problem, but both mikes work perfectly with any other device. The Tascam D40 is known for this noise issue, but usually not when using the XLR input. overallrating 5   lineend
name Skyler Smith review This mic is good considering the price. Does it sound exactly like a 57? No. Do it have a decent quality sound? Absolutely. If you're expecting an SM57, then buy an SM57. If you want something close, on. A budget, this is your mic. Great value and good sound. overallrating 5   lineend
name bean review  they do the job great not a bad price for as many as you getgoing to buy some more for sure overallrating 5   lineend
name Christian Morales review I use to protect my microphones ...... of karaoke singers because they sing spit and that creates bad smell in the microphone .... very good product I recommend overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard R. Casper review They're round and they fit over microphones.  Work well to stop pops and lisps.  Have been very happy with them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick Bennette review  These foam mike covers do exactly what they are made to do, and they do it just about average as you expect. My only complaint is they come packaged in a bag that allows them to be crushed and mis-shaped upon delivery. If your mike has a big enough ball, the ball will reshape the foam. Otherwise the foam will never have that nice smooth, round look to it. overallrating 4   lineend
name RTX review Nothing Fancy. Snug Fit for my Mic. Kinda of thin compared to others that I have seen. Bought extras in case others wanted to use my Mic. overallrating 3   lineend
name Stabon review So I have these old EV mics and the little foam piece on the inside of the ball dry rotted and crumbled.  These provided an easy inexpensive solution.  No complaints. overallrating 4   lineend
name Paul review Work awesome :) overallrating 5   lineend
name airchamp review  I have a few guitars and these hooks work extremely well without costing too much.I also like the clean almost modern lines and that they don'y look like hardware.Plus they are all padded afor protection. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bienbenido Rodriguez review I couldn't say that I loved it. It's only a guitar hanger. It just holds a guitar. If I needed another I would buy this type. overallrating 4   lineend
name Boiler98 review I wanted a wall hanger for my mandolin, and this works great.  The arms are adjustable, so the instrument won't rest on the pegs.  The foam is good, and the hardware is included.  Plus, the price is great. overallrating 5   lineend
name brien patterson review I am worried that I will damage my instruments if they are left standing around. This will allow me to show off and protect them. overallrating 4   lineend
name Charles McClain review It's easy to install, very tough, and I love how it looks. It can support quite a bit of weight (assuming you properly installed it on a stud, and not in drywall) and helps with cable management on a rough day. overallrating 5   lineend
name George Hartselle II review  I own a number of guitar hangers. This one was a good buy for the money. I have wood ones that are heavier and more attractive, but also a good deal pricier. For what I spent for this one, it is adequate as long as it &#34;holds Up&#34; (Pun intended) overallrating 4   lineend
name grandpa review  Installs with two screws. I don't trust the sheet rock anchors that come with the screws. I drilled into wooden studs. It is firm, secure and would probably hold a 200 pound gorilla. These seem very well made. The prongs are adjustable to hold almost any stringed or bowed instrument. Some of the foam padding used in hangers and stands may cause a reaction with nitro cellulose finishes, so I will keep my eye on it for a while. Over all, it is a good way to display your instruments, it allows easy access and unclutters the floor in my very small music room. I bought 4 and going back for more. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gregory Madden review I was excited with how easy it was to set up, and it makes my music room look so much better with guitars hanging up instead of just sitting on the floor or on stands overallrating 5   lineend
name Hans R review I've got three of these to hold an acoustic, a mini strat, and a jazzmaster .... while I had no doubts about their capacity to hold the former I was somewhat leary about the later (it's quite a bit heavier than the other two) but after putting some weight on it and it not coming apart I have been trusting it ...Do Not fix these directly into drywall with the screws provided though they seem awfully small for the weight of a full-size electric (and I have my doubts about those plugs), the hanger will hold but the drywall might not, get some good wall anchors at your local hardware store rated for at least the weight of your instrument. I used a different setup, #10 philips (slotted round heads would have actually been better) to fix them to a nice piece of 3/4 x 6 x 6 pine and screwed that into the studs with some 2.5\" #12 screws. Needless to say it's not going anywhere. As a bonus of this scheme even the acoustic hangs free of the wall.OK, one month later and nothing has come down so clearly they work fine even for something as heavy as a Jazzmaster. overallrating 3   lineend
name Island Girl review Arrived promptly.  Nicely packaged.  Holding my instruments securely.  I'll likely order more, and would recommend these to anyone shopping for wall mounts. overallrating 4   lineend
name James Lawless review many similar products for much more money do not do as well as these simply designed easy to use & install hangars. They are reliable (so far), they do not hurt anything on your instrument, & I am using one for my heavy fretless bass as well as my guitars & violin! How self adjusting can they be!? apparntly - quite! overallrating 5   lineend
name J English review Easy install and great price. Shopped these for awhile and had to get all my guitars off the floor, bed, corners of room etc Installed in two minutes. Holds neck lightly - easy up easy down. Padded so does not scratch finish on neck. Will buy again. overallrating 5   lineend
name J review  I use this item for my daughter 1/2 size guitar, its looks light in weight and firm, and can be adjusted for different sizes of guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe's Gadgets review  Good thing I didn't trust the plastic anchors. I put a bit of weight on it & the screws came out of the anchors. The anchors stayed in the wall. I found a stud & it works & looks fine. Good inexpensive guitar hangers. I'm getting a few more!! overallrating 4   lineend
name John review You have to pay a lot more at a guitar store for something like this.  Granted it doesn't look as nice but it does its job.  I put couple of them up and have my guitar hanging  on it without any problem. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joshua S. Hill review  I just got them (I bought 5) and put them up, so I don't know about longevity. So far, though, they work great and seem to be sturdy enough. And the price is great!I am using them for a variety of instruments including steel string acoustic guitar, classical acoustic guitar, electric guitar, electric bass guitar (4 string), and mandolin. The hangers adjust easily while maintaining stability. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kevin Messerschmidt review  What makes it fit all guitars is that the prongs rotate independently. If you have a standard size guitar neck, don't bother with that. I would have preferred something that was stationary that I could just stick the guitar in. As it is I have to jiggle and align it a bit, using 2 hands sometimes, which will be annoying after awhile. If I buy another it would be a standard hanger. overallrating 3   lineend
name K. Nguyen review  Yes, I bought 3 and they fit all my guitars, mandolins, ukulele, bass.Very easy to install on the wall. overallrating 5   lineend
name LJS review I just got done installing these. My three guitars and mandolin take up virtually no room in my small house anymore, my guitars are decorating the wall at the same time, and my guitars won't tip over either. Not only was this the least expensive solution out there, but also the most space efficient (to keep my wife happy).I used the screws that came with the mounts and made sure that they went into a stud. You can usually find a stud by looking for a screw or nail that the drywallers didn't get covered with drywall mud. Once you've found one screw, then your studs are either 16 or 24 inches apart. With the mounts screwed into wood studs, I don't see any way these are coming down. The mounts fit everything from my 12 string acoustic, to my heavy electric Strat, to my mandolin beautifully.Gotta love Amazon. With so many options to choose from, you can come up with something great and inexpensive too. And the reviews give you an idea of what real consumers are experiencing with the product.BTW, this seller really got these to me fast. This was a great buying experience. Thanks DisplayGiftSCOM. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark A Williamson review This is very nice holder which holds my guitar in an accesible but safe from scratching place.  the mount screws were too low of quality to use though, I went and got my own mount screws (was able to use black ones that matched - better) as these did not work that well and I did not want to trust my expensive guitar to them. overallrating 3   lineend
name McEldoy review Given to sister from mysel.  She noted it very compact and discreet in hanging instrument out of way of any impending fracture. overallrating 4   lineend
name michaelht1 review light weight, easy to install, holds very well, does exactly what it was designed to do, hold a guitar on a wall overallrating 4   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  I was leery of this since it was half the total price of just about every other one I considered. Because of the return policy I took a chance and am not only glad I did, but am also thoroughly impressed with this hanger.First, I doubt if I could build one for anywhere near the price of this if I purchased the materials locally. Factor in that shipping (at the time of my purchase) is free and this is a no brainer.Installation is also a no bainer and made so by the mounting hardware that comes with the hanger.There is one concern you may have. If you have instruments with nitrocellulose finishes the protective rubber sleeves on the hanging fork may eat into those finishes. Personally, mine are being used to hang a cheap Squire Strat and J-bass, and an Epiphone Les Pail Junior II - instruments more decorative than functional. I am not saying the sleeves will ruin the finish, but merely raising that possibility to help you to make a purchase decision.The bottom line, though, is if you are hanging guitars that do not have a nitrocellulose finish these hangers are a bargain. In fact, they are probably the best deal you are likely to find and are worth every cent. overallrating 5   lineend
name MojoMMjojo review It was almost obvious this product would come from china but even worse when it ships from china.  Any thing i have bought that was shipped directly from china has been much lower quality than anything retailers are even willing to sell.  If you can wait a month for delivery or longer, if you dont mind your guitar falling off the wall when the chinese quality lives up to its reputation then order up.  If you have over a $500 guitar be wise and buy an expensive one unfortunately they will most likely be made in china too. I have decided to build my own overallrating 1   lineend
name Mr. GrvThang review I lost a recording/rehearsal space I shared with some musician friends when it burned down from an electrical fire during 'superstorm' Sandy late last year.  A total loss - and we had no insurance (we sure learned our lesson).So, we rented a new space (this time it's nowhere near the shore) and we are re-building.  We're starting from scratch, and little odds and ends like guitar hangers add up after a while (it's bad enough we had a number of instruments, amps, and other equipment to replace).  So if we can save a few bucks here and there, it helps.I bought one of these hangers to see if they were any good. After I tried it and it worked fine, I went back and bought another 9 of them.  We have guitars, basses, ukeleles and mandolins hanging from them - they work on all sizes.  We use those wide-threaded sheetrock anchors to screw them into the wall.  Like I said, they're nothing fancy, but they get the job done! overallrating 4   lineend
name Musicman review I have purchased a few guitar hooks in the past for my studio. However, I wanted to add a few to our rehearsal space but didn't want to spend a lot. These did the trick fine. They are perfect to rest your axe for a bit without a guitar stand getting in your way. Especially for the price. Okay, they are not high end, but I didn't need high end ones. overallrating 4   lineend
name Raney review The hanger was very easy to install, holds my acoustics safely,the instruments are easy to take down and put back in the hanger.The product arrived within 2-3 days, I couldn't believe how fast it got here.And yet the price is the best part of all. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard review  works out great for my two Ukus,,  hung it on the wall, looks good and is easy to adjust etc. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Luhring review The wall mount is very good, adjustable so it fits my guitars perfectly. The screws & anchors are poor. If you are not putting this into a stud, go get you some better anchors. Do not trust these to hold your guitar if mounted to drywall only. overallrating 4   lineend
name saint Jimmy review While I wouldn't trust these to hold up my electric guitars, I have found other uses for them and have 2 of them now. The 1st one I used to try and hold my Dean From Hell guitar but it just mashed that foam around the yokes into nothing and didn't want it to damage my baby. So I ended up using it to hang my Rock Band guitar. This 2nd one I'm using to hang up my Beats Pros.I chose this product over some simple hook to hang my headphones is because of the foam covered yokes. I figured if you spread the weight over 2 cushioned points instead of a single unprotected point of a hook that the head cushion would hold up better. And the distance of the yokes means that the ear cushions won't ever touch the wall.This is a fantastic product if you understand it's limitations. I would recommend this for acoustic instruments, any type of RB/GH guitars, and probably your lighter/cheaper/mostly plastic electric guitars...or even headphones that you'd like to baby. overallrating 5   lineend
name sam review This is just what I have been wanting for a while now. I have my Les Paul style guitar hanging right by my computer desk and that baby gets played a whole lot more than when it was in the case! A floor stand worked fine until I knocked it over one day:( Now it stays on the wall and away from danger but never out of reach! overallrating 5   lineend
name Sim review It's not a thing of beauty so if looks is what you are after then this wall mount isn't for you. If you are looking for a solid, easy and convient place to hang your guitar where it won't get stepped on or kicked over then this is for you. It works great to hang a standard size guitar on. There is a little wiggle room left so a oversize may fit but I am not sure. It has a soft foam cover over the steal arms to protect your guitar, hangs by the neck where the head stock curves out so the tuning pegs aren't bumped and hangs straight, just touching the wall with the body. I recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Skyeye review Great hook!  Supports a lot of weight.  Looks good on any wall.I would highly recommend this hook to anyone for any application. overallrating 5   lineend
name Slowleadmccey review I ordered eight of these after reading the reviews.  I have five guitars, including two Les Paul's and they hold them just fine.  I give them four stars.  The are fine for, I believe, all guitars at home, but I wouldn't use them for retail or something like a school.  They are made if ABS plastic and at the point where the arms swivel it's just a rivet the holds them together.  The wall anchors that they send with them are a joke.  like the other reviewer said, you really should find a stud to mount them to, but if you must use wall anchors, use the burly moly ones that bore into the dry wall.  All in all these are sturdy and stable (when anchored to a stud) and I'll use more if I have the need. overallrating 4   lineend
name Stephen Jones review  I have had &#34;swing trees&#34; for many guitars for years. Usually they cost $10-15. This hanger is as good (plastic base not wood like some others) as any of the wood ones. Comes with wall anchors but I usually look for a stud to mount on. Soft cushioning. Weight of guitar keeps the arms (which swivel to allow for proper fit) snug about the neck. The thing came in 2 days and at $4 and free shipping it is a true bargain. overallrating 5   lineend
name tada review Wanted to hang my guitars on the wall.  These Hooks are padded, and rotate a little.  Provides a strong, non damaging support for some fine guitars.  The difficulty in installing was I wanted them to be screwed into a solid wall stud.  I had to attach them to a wood board, that I attached to the wall.  This also provided a additiional 3/4&#34; separation from the wall.  The guitars are less likely to bang on the wall. overallrating 5   lineend
name tj review I love this wall hanging mount. Of course, you should use longer screws than what they give you and you should make sure to mount it in a stud, or use drywall backing screws, etc, but that's just common sense.The actual product works perfectly and exactly as described. The arms are adjustable & stay where you put them. This fits my 5string Fender Jazz Bass as well as my acoustic guitar & violin (and even holds the neck without touching the pegs, if you want it to). I will be buying more of these for my other stringed instruments.This is a very well designed product that works just like you want it to. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tony Wall review Got them in 3 days and love them. So much cheaper than the stores and they are the same thing. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayfinder review This is a cheaper alternative to the &#34;String Swing&#34; wall mount-- considerably less expensive.  It works fine.  It's easy to mount, easy to adjust and holds the instrument well.  The only downside is that the wall anchors aren't the heavy-duty plastic screw-in types but the smaller drill-a-hole-and-hammer-in-place types, which are neither as convenient nor as solid a mount as the others.  Of course you can always purchase a couple of screw-in heavy-duty mounts and you'll still save considerably.This of course doesn't have the beautiful hardwood finish of the String Swing.  For the lower price you get black plastic.  But it's sturdy enough, it looks fine and it does the job.  If it had sturdier wall mounts I'd give it 5 stars.  As it is, the cheaper and less-trustworthy mounts bring it 4 stars and a nod for being an inexpensive alternative. It is great for hanging ukuleles and mandolins and with sturdier screw-in mounts, should hold any size guitar. overallrating 4   lineend
name WillieJ review I bought this holder and then mounted it on a stand I built of cherry and maple for my uke.  It does the job.  It could be just a little stiffer in its adjustment, but it stays where I put it, so no complaints. overallrating 4   lineend
name Zachary Swanson review I keep all my guitars in my room and I had to many stands cluttering it up. The screws they sent with were plenty long enough and all three that I got are holding guitars to the wall, on drywall nonetheless. So given that if you have a wood wall you should have no problem. They all are sturdy enough, and i have always been suspect of wall hangers. best deal and does the job. overallrating 5   lineend
name David G. Beneke review I just received my Blue Radius Shock Mount, and I was immediately floored by the the size and looks of the unit. It reminds me a set piece from Fritz Lang's \"Metropolis\ the rings around Saturn or something built by Tesla. It's a beautiful thing, certain to impress anyone who might sit in front of it to be recorded. Certainly beats the homemade 4 inch PVC pipe and bungee cord shock mount I previously had made and my Yeti mounted to. What is impressive about this mount is you have full and clear access to the the Yeti's 3 knob's, mute switch and USB/Headphone plugs on the bottom of the mic, whereas my homemade version gave me fits with knob access. Once you screw the Yeti into the machined shock mount base, there are teflon or maybe white delrin washers which allow you to swivel the mic easily to access the back knobs or move it toward any position, say a guest speaker with great ease. The build is hefty, machined aluminum rings with stainless steel mounts and screws. The elastic suspension bands are not going to fly across the room, as they do on most shock mounts, because they are not threaded on hooks, but securely fastened to brackets, then the holding screws. The Radius also allows you to mount the Yeti on a boom stand, upside down, which I have always been told is the best way to mount a condenser type mic so dust and moisture (spit) does not build up near the capsules or internal electronics, it just falls, as gravity allows.Does a shock mount make a difference in sound? To my ears, yes, especially if you are recording into say, a laptop on a table, the fans and hard drive are going to vibrate, coloring your overall sound with unwanted hum. Although the mic stand the Yeti comes with does an O.K. job of dampening vibration, it is not going to give you as much isolation as the Radius, which will be noticed when the gain controls are turned up. There is also the science of unwanted resonance from instruments, rooms or cabs vibrating your stands, that's why you see most professional studios using shock mounts, you just get a cleaner sound. In a test, the Radius works like a charm, even from pounding on my mixing desk. A 9  earthquake is not going to cause any vibration.On the down side, just to play Devils Advocate, The Radius is huge, and may nor be suitable for tight spots or portability. That said, the Yeti is also a big microphone, and once mounted, may add six inches to the overall space you will need to use this setup properly. Next, when you un mount the Yeti from it's built in stand, you are going to have gaping screw holes in the side of the mic. I fixed that by screwing the old Yeti stand screws back into the holes, which actually looks kind of neat to me. To some maybe, it will look like bolts in the Frankenstein Monsters neck, but I think it all fits together. Next, smaller base microphone stands will want to tip, either angle the Yeti plus Radius back, or get a bigger stand, this is the one I have and would highly reccomend, theSamson SAMD5 MD5 Desktop Mic Stand. Lastly, this mount will only work, as far as I can see, with a Blue Yeti or Blue Yeti Pro microphone, maybe some other mics will work, but not likely.In conclusion, the Radius is an easy set up, works great and makes a Yeti look retro/futuristic sexy! Yeah it actually looks really cool, like a spaceship blasting off or landing, take your pick, I know people coming into my studio are going to say, \"What The heck is that, and where can I get one!?\" I may tease and say it's and award or art piece.Addendum 12/13/2011If you thread another shock mount into the Radius, you get double protection. It also looks great to talent in your studio. Over Kill or Uber Cool, you decide. See Pictures. overallrating 5   lineend
name Parker Hicks review It did not perform. Looks cool, but thats it. Very large and inconvenient. Would not recommend this because I would not recommend the blue yeti. overallrating 2   lineend
name RICHARD A DINSMORE review Cool design, makes a big difference in you audio. Even careful hand tightening will break the thumbscrew. Screw is actually two pieces (wtf?) of worlds crappiest pot metal.  Supposedly a new tightener design is on the way. overallrating 3   lineend
name S. Marchuk review after trying to rig something up, I decided to just go with this mount for my Yeti. It did not disappoint: the fit was perfect, install was easy (use your logic), and the microphone looks sexy as hell on it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Smoothbassman review I started doing quite a bit of VoiceOver work at work and needed to get the yeti microphone up and off of my desk. After attaching it to a microphone stand I found too much noise transition in my recordings and needed to isolate the Yeti Microphone.  This seemed like the best option for that.Upon installing the mount I had to take it all apart to get the microphone orientation right in the holder so that the microphone diaphragm was facing me. Straight out of the package this is designed to be mounted straight on with the stand directly in front of you. Unfortunately, if your microphone stand is coming from the sides, you have to take the inner ring out, rotate it to where you want it, and reattach the rubber bands.  Easy enough as I completed this is one minute.After using it for a while, the isolation is good, but not great. I think the bands are a little tight for this microphone. I see online that blue uses this same isolator on a bunch of different mics making this a universal holder.  This probally works great for the heavier applications but the bands are so tight on this mic that it is almost a solid mount. It needs to bounce a little more to truley isolate it fom its surroundings. I have other isolators in my studio that have much heavier mics and way softer bands.Going to get a replacement band from another provider and install it on this unit to see if it makes a difference.It's does its job, it just could do it better with softer bands. overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  Just as the others have said.  Its cheap with little to no padding but gets the job done as a dust cover and if you need something handy to transport your bass to and from gigs or to put the bass into storage.Its a perfect fit for Fender Squire J Bass.  I also got my Samick CR-13 short scale to fit in there but it was a tight fit so not the ideal choice for Short Scale bassesBut Im happy with it for under eleven bucks it gets the job done and I would buy it again overallrating 5   lineend
name Jon S review This bag is super cheap and flimsy with almost no protection for your guitars at all but since it's reflected in the cost. overallrating 3   lineend
name nailman review this is very easy to put the guitar in to because it zips around the whole end and can be carried in your back overallrating 5   lineend
name Texas Buyer review Keeps gear dry.Not for airplane travel or shipping, but perfect for spare guitars.Zipper works fine; fabric as good as gig bags three times as much. overallrating 4   lineend
name TWM review I recently purchased a Epiphone EB-3 bass and it didn't come with a case/bag. So when I found this one and decided for the price it was worth the try. It is VERY thinly padded not much more then a dust cover really. Not to mention that it has issues fitting a side by side into the bag but inlines seem to fit just fine. All in all it's an okay bag but only if you have an inline and don't want much padding. overallrating 3   lineend
name Aaron Taylor review should have kept this....I returned it cause I purchased a zoom r16....big mistake!! miss it on smaller projects and my mxl990 sounded wonderful when hooked up to this super versital mixer.....my uncle has one and uses it for podcasts on his camping trips with vw freaks! he thinks it great too overallrating 5   lineend
name Claudia A. Portillo review it does the job to do my home made music demos, nothing professional though. im happy with it after all and recommend but not for professional purposes. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. F. Hindy review This is my first mixer. I'd been looking for a cheap way to upgrade from USB-powered mics like the Blue Snowball to something a little more professional and, of course, that requires a mixer with these kinds of hookups.Thus, I am an amateur and you'll probably get more accurate ratings out of a professional.Anyway, my pros and consPros1. This thing is way smaller than I expected. I can hold it in one hand without any difficulty and that means it doesn't take up a lot of desk space. It fits well where I put it.2. It works as intended. I use this with a GLS ES-57 mic and this mixer is powerful enough to power it and make it sound good. I have my windows volume set at 75 and the gain is up at about 60%. I have no hissing and no problems. I did a podcast with this set up today and my podcast co-host (we do it over Skype) said I sounded very clear and my voice sounded strong and good. This is a stark improvement over the Blue Snowball.3. It's plug and play. I plugged it in, it installed the drivers, and it automatically set itself as the default microphone. Easy peasy.4. I use Reaper as my audio software and Reaper recognized it immediately.5. The dials and everything was easy to understand.Cons1. You can't plug this into a USB hub (or even an AC-powered USB hub) otherwise you'll get a hiss. This needs to be plugged directly into a computer.2. This high-jacks your audio defaults in Windows. To fix it, open your Control Panel, open the Sound, and set your Playback device to your speakers to fix the problem. Your sound will come out through your speakers as intended. Since I use this as my main mic, I left it as default in the Sound settings.Overall, for the price, this is an amazing little mixer for beginners and amateurs. I know there are better options but they are also more expensive and I'm on a budget. It's a great way to get into the world of sound without spending a lot more money. If you're like me and a single person doing YouTube video voice overs or podcasts, this is perfect for a home studio set up where you only need one person. Worth every penny as long as it lasts. I'll update when/if it breaks down but until then, I do not regret this purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jim Dandy review The Behringer 302USB Premium 5-Input Mixer is just what the doctor ordered.  Nice unit and works perfectly for vocals/guitar/ bass guitar and keyboards.  Don't lock yourself down with a bad USB/ 1/4: cable overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe Morris review I bought this for my son so he could record with it. He does stuff on the internet with other people musically and says it works good for him. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mary V review This mixer is awesome, I couldn't get it where I live, so I bought it on Amazon, it works great!! I plugged my Shure mic, and my acoustic electric guitar to the Line In, and also my ipod to the 2track, and everything works great!! Great sound, with the right parameters, you just have to adjust a little here and there, and it will work great, so far no buzz or humm. overallrating 5   lineend
name Samuel Chell review Apple threw a curve at me when, with the new \"thin\" iMac, the company eliminated not only the Superdrive but the 3.5mm \"Audio In\" port that had been highly useful on previous models, especially for recording computer sounds with a single patch cord.  After trying a Griffin and Logitech device, I finally found a useful workaround with the Behringer UFO202 interface (there are 2 other very similar models by Behringer--the UCA202 and the UCA222). What sets these interfaces apart from the 302USB is a smaller footprint and a permanently-attached, \"dedicated\" USB cord.  Simply by plugging the USB cord into the USB port on my iMac I was able to record all of the broadcasts, tapes and LPs just as I had done with my old iMac (though monitoring required more cords in back--ugh!).For a committed neophyte like me, the UFO202 was probably sufficient.  I miss the permanently attached USB \"out\" cable and, moreover, am questioning whether I'll ever use the mixing capabilities of the 302USB, which to my eyes has a bit of a \"learning curve.\"  The problem for the impatient beginner begins with the instruction manual.  Instead of separate sections, the manual uses small, thin font and mixes English with Spanish instructions--a minor but unnecessary inconvenience. (But give Behringer credit for providing a manual!)I thought I was investing in more versatility (for a modest price increase) than what the Behringer UFO/UCA line of interfaces offered me.  But a friend tells me that GarageBand has the capability of recording sound-on-sound.  My present programs (Sound Studio and Toast) can't do it, but if GB can layer 2 or more sound sources, then the question becomes whether an external mixer does it better.  If not, the Behringer UFO202 is not only adequate to serve my needs, but its tiny footprint makes it especially welcome on a new iMac's desk space (Apple's elimination of the internal burner gives the company \"thin screen\" bragging rights while robbing the user of both money and space--thanks to the new requirement of an external burner).Behringer has presented the best solution I've been able to find to Apple's surprising (and dubious) omissions with the latest iMac.  If your uses include mixing, and if you have the space (we're talking a mere inch or two), the 302USB is no doubt worth an extra ten bucks.  But if you have a UFO or UCA interface, your needs may already be covered. overallrating 4   lineend
name S. Dawdy review I bought the smaller Behringer 302usb mixer for a small home recording setup with a budget target of &#60;$125, but had to move up to this model for and additional cost of about $12 due to the fact that the 302usb doesn't provide adequate phantom power for a Condenser Microphone (not properly disclosed by the company). The simple setup I have also includes the Behringer C-1 Condenser Microphone and a Hosa XLR cable.I was looking to improve the quality of voice recordings for podcasts, interviews, etc., over a simple USB headset, without &#34;breaking the bank&#34;. In addition to the positive reviews on Amazon about most of the Behringer equipment, my son, who has some experience with sound equipment said that Behringer makes solid items, but that I shouldn't expect much in the way of customer service. He's helped me work on tweaking my setup and he finds the items I bought to be quality as expected.I'm glad that I moved up to this board, even though it has a lot of features that I won't personally use. I'm glad that this has two microphone inputs, if I do decided to conduct in person interviews using the board. Besides the extra mic input, my son will likely put some of the additional features to use recording some music with his electric guitar and making some mixes using the features in GarageBand.I have found that my son's warning is somewhat correct, at least in regards to information provided for the customer by the company both in the paperwork included in the package and on the website. Since this is essentially entry level equipment, people like myself, who have little / no direct experience with sound equipment could use a little more guidance in using these projects, particularly in hooking things up to a computer, which is obviously an increasing application.I couldn't find any information on the Behringer website or in the paperwork which provided guidance for a Mac user, for instance. In addition, it would be nice if the manufacturer would give some basic information on such items as use of headphones for monitoring, etc. when using with a computer, but they don't. I've done a lot of experimentation in addition to Googling to figure out how to get things up and run.So far, I'm getting quality recording results from this board. I am currently using it with an RCA type cable with the input to my iMac's line-in. I might ultimately try another adapter for a USB connection or Firewire, but I haven't had the opportunity to research what is possible or which of the three options provide better sound. Whether I not I investigate will depend upon my needs in the future.I believe I got excellent value in the equipment quality. I would give 5 stars, but the manufacturer should provide more information. overallrating 4   lineend
name Wayfinder review PROS:  Small. Easy to take with you or set on a small shelf.  If using USB, does not need external power supply.  Very convenient.  Easy-to-use, accessible controls.  Pre-amp power, works well with condenser studio mikes.  Plug & play with Windows 8.  Didn't have to install any kind of driver.  Variety of input options.  Dual track with low/high volume sliders.  LEDs make it easy to tell whether in the green or red range.  Easy to adjust.  Awesome for those who need a mini-mixer-- and costs the same as a USB-based preamp-only device.  Free shipping-- gotta like thatCONS:  Only one power setting, 15v. That may not be enough for some, but works great with my studio mike.  Line In / USB buttons somewhat confusing, non-intuitive.  However the manual shows exact settings for computer use.  As with other low-end Behringer mixers has a bit of a hiss that one has to balance out.  Can take some fiddling to overcome it.  It's pretty easy to overpower the computer's input and cause distortion.  Start the sound levels at zero and slowly bring them up until it sounds good.NOTES:I purchased this for use with my studio mike, which I hadn't been able to use with my computer due to pre-amp power needs.  Plugged it in, worked first time, no problems.This unit is very sensitive.  If used with a decent mike can pick up background noises from across a room.  With a bit of tweaking, is fine for studio work.  I use it for guitar/voice solo live Internet music shows.Overall, I'm quite pleased with the unit.  The only reason I give it 4 stars rather than 5 is because it isn't perfect... but then it's only fifty bucks.  For the price, overall quality, ease of setup, range, sensitivity and plug-and-play, I don't think one could find a better unit.  Two thumbs up.  I don't know how a Pro would rate this... but I definitely would recommend it to those doing recording on their computer with a studio-quality mike above the quality of the average review  -- I just used the device on a live guitar/voice webcast.  No background hiss, very good, clear sound, crisp, no distortion, excellent transmission.  Friend recorded a video and the sound was precise and identical to the original performance.  Quite pleased with this little mixer/preamp.HINTS AND TIPS:Two good hints on this one:  Another user and I put our heads together and realized one can use a 6-volt lantern battery (or 3 to 4 AA cells), hook them into a USB printer cable and power this via battery.  It works great and makes this unit PORTABLE.  There are reports of this mixer interfering with the way the Windows handles sound. I have found this to be true. It pretty much takes over your entire sound system. For some folks this will be fine. For others, they may not appreciate this. So what I did was uninstall the drivers, remove it from the computer USB (which seems to defeat the purpose, but wait...)... and plugged it into one of those new portable-USB power supplies you plug right into the wall (they're available all over for between $5 and $10). This powers the system without hooking it into the USB system of your computer. What this does is allow you to use the functions of the mixer without altering how Windows handles sound, the programs it uses, or causing problems with programs like Audacity.You then run a LINE IN from your computer speaker output, a LINE OUT to your computer speakers or headphones, and you can still use microphones or whatever else you want. This is an excellent alternative to using it as a USB device. You are instead powering it from a USB wall-socket and simply using it as a quality mini-mixer (which function it performs very well). That's what I finally did and am still most happy with this device.In addition by using it in this manner you pretty much eliminate the relevance of what OS you use. You could use this with Windows, Mac, Linux or pretty much anything, because all you're really doing is setting it up as a mixer using standard line-in / out cables. Works very well in this capacity. Gotta love those new external USB power nodes. : ) overallrating 4   lineend
name HMMWV review  Each bx5 d2 speaker has its own amp onboard and power supply.  Want a 5 channel system - buy 5 speakers and run xlr audio to each one.  No noise or hum.  Has both trs and xlr inputs - has a knob for gain control on back.  Most importantly each speaker has an IEC connector for power to JUST that speaker.  Mine sit left and right of my mixing panel using TRS outputs which copy the XLRs - those go to my Marantz PMD 580 digital recorder w/ 32 GB of datacard memory onboard and a nice set of vu meters.  Speakers include a foam stick on bottom to prevent buzzing against hard surfaces.  There is, however, no mounting point - no captive nuts or such.You'll need to adopt a philosophy on gain.  You can crank the speaker gain to 100% and use your mixer to set the levels but ensure that your recorder gets enough signal to be in the -15 to -6 dB0 range.  It may be a tad loud - in that case you may want to set both speakers to their 12 oclock position which is 50% power approximately.You could alternately use the mixer to run near 0 dB and turn it way down on the speakers.  I like to use mine to listen to talk shows before falling asleep at night so I turn the volume way down but drive them with -6 dB0 off the mixer.Having a separate power supply and amp for each speaker makes for some great isolation.My   FIRST   nitpick is there is no grill cover on these like other maudio products have.  I will have to fabricate some protection.  My second nitpick is i owned the smaller m-audio 4\" monitors where the amps were in the left speaker and the right speaker connected with twin lead speaker wire to the left i.e. not true bi amping but smaller spkrs for my mixer.  The speaker w/ 2amps died at 15 mos after buying it.  It was not the power supply as being on made the box warm, but the led surround around the vol knob would not light and you could barely hear the audio even with -3dB0 into the trs line in.  Thats a different cheaper model by maudio but i had to trash it and buy these which are much nicer!I do like this set of speakers.  From stereo to 5.1 surround they do the job with differential audio inputs.  I may get 3 more for 5 ch as i have a sub already. overallrating 5   lineend
name P.K. Frary review  SOUND QUALITY: The BX5 sounds neutral and balanced. Compared to similar sized consumer speakers, they are a bit understated and without bass bloat or exaggerated highs (i.e., teen EQ). The even keeled tonal signature is pleasing and easy to listen to for hours. It also lacks a midrange bump, and sounds a bit recessed or laid-back compared to average earbuds or home speakers. In fact the BX5 sounds similar to my Sennheiser 580HD headphones, but with less lower bass. And that's a good thing for mixing as you don't want speakers that add color and/or bumps in the frequency response.Unlike typical passive stereo speakers, the BX5 is powered with separate amplifiers for the tweeter and woofer, i.e., bi-amped. This design allows for accurate reproduction as amplifiers are optimized for each driver. The downside to this design is each speaker needs both input and power cables, so not convenient for living room use but not a problem for nearfield computer based editing.At first the BX5 struck me as underpowered for a 70 watt rating, at least with a signal directly from my Mac Pro. However, once jacked into the hotter signal from my MOTU Ultralite the true power of the BX5 was revealed. It was loud and could be painfully so if cranked.These are directional speakers and render placement of instruments in a stereo soundfield accurately as long as you sit in the sweet spot a couple feet out (your head should form a triangle with the two speakers). That diffuse room filling tone of home theatre speakers is MIA. In fact, unlike most speakers, there is little rearwards projection. Perfect for not bothering family or neighbors but bad for parties. So don't buy these for standard stereo or home theatre use.I mainly mix classical and acoustic guitar solo and ensemble recordings, live and multitrack, so the bass range is perfect for me. The bass extends down to a clear 60Hz, so plenty ump for drop-D and drop-C tuning. If you mix bass guitar and kick drum you'll want larger speakers (BX8) or a sub but these are great for guitar.I'm used to mixing with neutral speakers and headphones but it would be nice if you could adjust bass, mid and highs for different room responses and taste. Oddly, the PDF instructions show EQ switches for the prior version of this model but they are missing from my speakers. I assume they were omitted as a cost cutting measure.RFI RESISTANCE: I'm an inner city dweller and live in a high RFI area. Cheap audio gear acts like a radio receiver and injects a local classic rock station into my mixes. So one of the major selling points for me was M-Audio's claim of RFI shielding. Luckily that was no mere marketing jive. They really are well shielded against RFI. Not a single wayward drum loop or DJ in my tracks, not even when cranked. I can't make that claim for prior speakers I've owned.HEAT: These speakers run on the warm side: the upper back is fairly warm just idling and can get hot to the touch after a long session. Not egg frying hot but a wee bit uncomfortable to the fingertips. It has a sensor to shut it down in case of excessive heat. However I have not seen it shutdown even after all day editing sessions. I live in the balmy tropics so cold weather dwellers may not see as much heat build up. Not a deal breaker but it's wise to turn them off when not in use (I use a power strip so I don't have to flip two separate switches).CONSTRUCTION: These are handsome units in a blend in your your gear sort of way: the black finish matches perfectly with my black trimmed Cinema Display and MOTU Ultralite. Construction appears very good with dense particle board (MDF) cabs, metal back plate (heat sink benefit) and matching plastic front molding around the drivers. The cabs are covered with a satin black vinyl. These monitors are petite and smaller than most speakers with the same sized bass driver.The bass drivers are Kevlar with rubber surrounds (tougher than foam!) and the tweeters sport silk domes. No protective grill or covers as usual for mixing monitors. So the nekid drivers can be easily damaged by a careless finger or chopstick.CONNECTIONS: Like most studio monitors, the BX5 comes with pro audio style jacks for 1/4 inch phone plug/TRS and XLR. If you're a novice recordist or a civilian buying these for general computer use, be forewarned there are no stereo mini jacks, RCA or USB. So you will need to pay extra for a set of special cables and adapters. If you're an experienced recordist, you should have plenty of these cables laying around but, otherwise, be prepared to reach for your wallet.One of the things I like about the BX5 is both the TRS and XLR connections are active at the same time, allowing the monitors to receive signals from two different sources without messing with cables or switches. I have an Audioengine D1 DAC connected to the TRS/phone input (for iTunes, movies, games, etc.) while a MOTU Ultralite (for mixing & tracking) is plugged into the XLR connection.LAST BLURB: Yes, the small Focal speakers I listened to were better sounding and louder than the BX5 but cost a couple toes and a month of lunches. However, a perfect monitor for a home studio isn't only about a good neutral sound, but also about compactness, appearance and value. And the BX5 nails all of these while still sounding pretty dad burn fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name realsteel review Arrived fast, had them up and running in minutes.  It was easy to adjust my EQ on my laptop to produce awesome listening music, just beautiful, clear, nicely separated sound.  I wouldn't use these for high volume stuff, the sound is almost delicate, and very precise in its separation.  The classical musician's in our guild loved the sound, that should tell you something.  Stunning, really.  They are, in fact, exactly what they are advertised to be - top notch small room project studio monitors.  I readjusted my EQ for the needed flat response for sound engineering and I was extremely pleased with the results.  The sound you can get out of these is so varied that we needed to give our hearing time to adjust, as the flat studio mixing EQ sounded horrible at first, as it should!  I have been in and out of studios for 30 years and I can say, used appropriately, these are excellent near-field mixing monitors.  Take time to review the set up data from M-Audio, its good stuff, and don't ask these little beauties to be everything, just let them be what they were made to be . . . and enjoy!  We ended up re-mixing half a dozen acoustical songs off a recent project with these via Cubase 7 and the general consensus is that the mixes improved by 30%. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. W. Milyard review  ers) very subtle, and may take some getting used to. Because of the dual amps, you don't hear the sound travel from cabinet to cabinet, as each speaker cabinet is a stand alone unit.I actually hooked one up like a guitar amp, and it worked fine; just a little guitar amp that sounded great.For your normal Stereo mini jack and RCA hook ups, I would go with the much lower priced MS16's which have multiple RCA jack in points, and one Stereo mini and full front controls.Addendum: 10/13I finally hit a home run with these speaker when I hooked them up to Sony CD changer unit I have for the living room, dialed in the speakers, and put them both on one on/off switch.  The soundis full, and fills the room. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rytetone review I'm used to the old 70's and 80's speakers that I've had on my stereo since that time.  I read the reviews about what people said about hearing things they never had before.  I was blown away.  They are all correct, get them setup right and hear all the things your music has been missing (I listen all the time with different headphones, not the same!).  The way the music was separated so well, I swear it sounded like the vocals were coming from right in front of me and the guitars were on each side of the vocals.  I had to dig up all kinds of music to test them out.  I don't know what kind of bass people are wanting out of these but when I use them to watch movies, listen to music, etc... They have lots of punch, even when I play my guitar through them (POD HD PRO). overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review As the reviews herein have indicated, there is a wide variety of uses for studio monitor like the M-Audio BX5.  With the proper cables, you can hook up everything from an iPad, to a home computer, to a musical instrument or stereo.  I will preface this review by saying that I am no &#34;audiophile&#34;.  I have a basic understanding of speaker and musical equipment, but my primary goal here was to find a small speaker that I could use to monitor guitar playing through either a preamp pedal or iPad modeling software.With those goals in mind, I was pleasantly surprised how good the BX5 sounded.  The goal of any &#34;studio monitor&#34; is to convey as much of the true sound of the source material as possible without coloring the tone with additional equalization.  There are some monitors in a comparable price range like the Rokkit 5 and options from Mackie and JBL - I have not tried those out.  But the BX5 performs we well or better than I hoped.For guitar playing, I use it in close proximity on a desktop.  I found that it had a surprising amount of low end punch for a 5&#34; woofer, given that my Fender tube amp has a speaker twice the size!  The bass is tight and articulate, which is what you want.  Again, if your goal is just to drown out the sound with additional base, go get a pair of Beats headphones or hook up a dozen subwoofers to it.  That wasn't really my goal.  But all that aside, having enough low end was important to me, and the BX5 delivers.  Using modeling of &#34;Fender&#34; and &#34;Vox&#34; type amplifiers, it also handled the high end &#34;chime&#34; well without sounding &#34;tinny&#34;.I should note that I got an XLR (microphone) cable that converts to TRS on the other side.  I had heard/read that this was the best way to get a guitar signal into the thing, though there are likely adapters and other cables you could use to accomplish the same thing.  There are both XLR and TRS inputs on the back.  The monitor is powered, so there's a power cable, as well.  There is a volume knob, but no independent bass/treble adjustment, as on other monitors.  So if you want that, look elsewhere, but if the monitor is actually relaying most of source tone, you shouldn't be using it anyway.  Really enjoying my BX5 so far, wish I had the budget/space for a 2nd one! overallrating 5   lineend
name AF review  This is a pretty nifty item and it does just what it says very easily.  Get one of these and you'll soon have guitar picks coming out of your ears.  My only issue is that a pick punched from, say, an old credit card isn't going to replace my favorite picks.  It's a great idea, it's executed very well, no issues with the product itself, but I find that it's not incredibly useful to me.If you're not particularly picky (no pun intended) then one of these will supply you with picks for a lifetime. overallrating 3   lineend
name Bloose review I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. She thought it would be neat to make picks from different materials. She has used it many times using things such as old ID cards, plastic laminates, and expired credit cards. In all cases it cut a perfect guitar pick. overallrating 5   lineend
name Clayton A. Cohn review As a guitarist, I lose and find picks everywhere. I hate buying them because I know they are somewhere in my house but I just can't find them. With this, I take all my old credit cards, student ID cards, playing cards, etc. and make my own. I now have an unlimited pick supply and they are all unique to me. It rocks, pun intended.Bottom Line: Every guitarist should have one. No excuses. overallrating 5   lineend
name M. Pope review This is a wonderful item that really works! Arrived fast! Having a great time making picks out of old credit and gift cards! This makes a great gift item! overallrating 5   lineend
name Nick review I'm a pro musician and music teacher. These are the original pick punches, by the company from the guy who invented them... At least that's what it says on his website. The others are knockoffs.  They probably all work about the same, and they're all about the same price now, so why not support the dude who invented them. He's really into making picks, and has some pretty cool ideas and instructions on his website. I'm pretty crafty, and really like this. Bummed about rough edges? Buy a fine sanding sponge at any hardware store, sand the edges for a few seconds, and be done with it. He also sells sheets of plastic from his website, at quite good prices, and ink for stamping them. I got a cheap rubber stamp made with my URL for about $10 online, and make my own \"business card\" picks now. I also found some cool sheets of celluloid on eBay, it's not easy to find the right stuff but the picks I make now are just as good as any you would purchase, and the cost is way less for personalized pics anyway. If you need hundreds or thousands of picks made, well then you're better off ordering them, but I have fun making 10 or 20 of them at a time to hand out to potential students and clients. Oh yeah, I can still recycle old cards and stuff too, my students like bringing them in and making their own picks as well. Everybody knows that picks just evaporate when you lose them anyway, what could possibly be greener? overallrating 5   lineend
name stefanj review I've had one of these for about 2 years now.  I've made 100's of picks out of old credit cards, gift cards, club cards, plastic sheets, plastic packaging well you get the idea.  THis is fun and easy to do.  I have even sold the picks at garage sales (25 cents each).  My favorite cards to use are the iTunes gift cards (careful cause some of the iTunes cards are cardstock).  They most replicate a Fender Med. pick.  Most credit cards are a bit thicker (somewhere between a Fender Med. and Heavy).  THey work well also (the edges do come out a little rough but I use an old emery board to clean them up quickly and easily).  I use the picks on both accostic and electric guitars with good results.  The best part is I am NEVER without a pick (even when people accidentally walk off with one.)  I do get funny looks at the stores when I ask for the used gift cards back (until I explain what I do with them- then the clerks are like &#34;wow thats so cool&#34;).  On average I can get 5 picks from a credit card (unless I'm going for a particular part of the card with a design on it).  It takes a little thought to get the most out of the cards- but seeing as they are basically free I don't mind &#34;wasting&#34; parts if I want a particular image.  Just a word of caution on things like DVDs or CDs- they are really too thick and tend to shatter- not worth the effort (I tried an old aol cd and only got one usable pick out of 8 punches) overallrating 5   lineend
name Wm review This amazing punch can be used to completely obliterate the numbers, and name on an old card, and give guitar picks at the same time. The edges are a little rough, but it is a punch not a precision cutter. One of those soft nail sticks that the ladies carry around work very well to get the rough edges removed. overallrating 5   lineend
name angelfood review When this little plastic gizmo arrived, I admit I had low expectations for it. At first it seemed a bit awkward to adjust on the neck and I figured the plastic would soon break. I really did not expect much accuracy in tuning, either.I have used this for a couple of months now, switching from electric to acoustic to classical guitars several times daily and am happy to report it works and works well.I may invest in one for each instrument and just leave it on the neck. Good product for guitar players out there who need a cheap but good tuner. It works as well as my expensive model I was using and I don't have to stick it on the guitar body. Worth checking out! overallrating 5   lineend
name Billy The Kid review I have the older version of this as well this newer one.  The older one is more responsive to various instruments that can be hard to tune this way, like banjos, mandolins.  Sometimes this new one just won't &#34;hear&#34; the string being tuned unless it's 'encouraged'.  That wasn't the case with the first model.  It's not as completely accurate as some other headstock tuners but it will get your instrument quite close and then your ear should dictate.  The buttons can be easily confused until you are certain which one does what without looking at it. You could find the tuning being done several semi-tones below standard because you inadvertently touched one of the arrow buttons.  The older model has only two little buttons and not as many settings or choices.  And these won't clamp positively to some headstocks due to neck thickness at the nut, spacing between the tuners or the quantity of other things people want to clamp to the headstock.  But if you get it well clamped, it will stay there in the case or in use. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bob Denton review  I have a vintage banjo with exquisite inlay and this tuner is almost invisible. It doesn't obscure the pearl inlay and works well as a tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bookenator review You know, any time a company actually sticks a battery in the box with their product, it just puts a smile on my face. Planet Waves has not only made a great, small, easy to install and easy to use tuner, they included the battery. That's an A+ in my book.I've got a 12-string acoustic guitar. Pretty much every time I go to sit down and play, I would waste a good 5 minutes grabbing my old tuner, balancing it on my knee, and trying to tune up. With this head stock tuner sitting on the guitar, I just turn it on and quickly get in tune and down to the serious business of jamming. It truly makes the task many times easier. The display is easy to read. It's read when the string is way off and green when you're close, using lines on either side of the key/letter to indicate sharp or flat, or right smack dab in tune.If I had the money, I'd stick one of these on all my guitars. As it is, having it on my 12-string is going to save me hassle and time. This baby is worth every penny and I highly recommend it to any guitarist. overallrating 5   lineend
name CLKiii review This is shown on an electric guitar and it would probably be great there. I play acoustic guitars and the headstocks all angle back it has to attach at the top then it is hard to see the screen. It worked but I don't use it anymore. overallrating 2   lineend
name Da Bean review  I put this on my mandolin.  This does not work as well as some others I have tried, but the other one I was using broke very easily, so I looked for a different, more sturdy design.  This works OK.  Not the greatest, but OK. overallrating 3   lineend
name Dan Dreifort review  Broke one of my Snark tuners when I kept it on a guitar while putting it in the case to take to a gig and decided I needed a tuner I could keep on any guitar while it was in any case.Pros:- Fits on any guitar- ...which then fits in any case- Cheap- AccurateCons:- Calibration button and on/off button are same shape, same size, and on the same tiny surface. Very easy to hit the wrong one.- Not great (poor viewing angle) for 3-on-a-side tuners (works better for 6 in-line tuners)- Not as easy to read as the SnarkOther thoughts:I only use this on a guitar that I play for only one song at shows (because the song requires two capos and a detuned string, don't ask.) I much prefer the Snark, but apparently I can't be bothered to remember to remove a tuner before putting my toys away. Idiot. At shows I rely on a tu-2 stompbox for tuning. Basically, this is a niche tuner. It's so stinking small and that's what counts. overallrating 4   lineend
name David Burch review This miniature tuner can be left attached discretely to a guitar headstock while playing. Just remember to turn it off, or the display will prove distracting. During winter when a guitar or mandolin &#34;moves&#34; with changes in humidity, staying in tune is an issue, even for expensive instruments. This little device helps the player deal with the problem without constant recourse to a larger tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name David McCarthy review item is really convienient. Small, unobtrusive size w/ good illumination for easy reading. I like the swivel design & swivel display that allow you to connect it to whatever side of the headstock you want. Price can't be beat either. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Brandfas review  Small... very small and sits right behind the headstock and very easy to see and READ. It is very accurate.  What else can I say except that this is a really great idea and it works!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name DELOS DUNN review Works very well and is almost hidden on the guitar,  it is one of those things that once you have it the other ones that stick out seem poorly designed.  This one will stay on my guitar the others I always took off once it tune as they look so  awkward overallrating 5   lineend
name Diego A. Umana review This is another great product by D'Addario - I have used several tuners like the regular Snark (several versions), the Snark S1 Mini Clip (also known as 'Son of a Snark'), the Planet Waves Headstock Tuner, the Peterson SC-1 Strobo Tuner, the Korg HTB-1 and the Q7 Chromatic Headstock Tuner. This D'Addario Micro NS Tuner tops all those with ease. It is super easy to use and more precise than all the others (compared using several tuning computer softwares and the Korg Pitchblack floor pedal on my tests). The rotation feature is great and the visual metronome feature comes very handy, like when programming a delay pedal with more precision. The clip that holds the tuner to the guitar is very good, holds very well to your guitar headstock (doesn't matther the brand) and with stay snug there without damaging your guitar's finish. It is very light and you will hardly know it's there once playing - Highly recommended. Cheers! overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Reinstein review  I have used many clip-on guitar tuners. They are a wonderful innovation and certainly easier to use than the older rectangular chromatic tuners that do not attach to the instrument. One of my favorites has become the Planet Waves clip on. I have several of them and use them often on many guitars. Based on this experience, I was anticipating a better experience with this new Mini Headstock Tuner than I wound up getting.It tunes nicely and, so far as my ear is concerned, accurately. Others found it awkward to attach - I did not. It is small and unobtrusive but easy to read. Those are not problems. What is wrong is simply the cheap and fragile the construction of the device.This fragility is conspicuous in both the difficulty in removing the battery cover and, more importantly, in the too-delicate manual clamp used to fasten it onto an instrument.The fundamental issue is that in lieu of the spring clips that we used to attach other versions of the Planet Waves tuners to the guitars, this one has a basic manual expand and contract clamp. This clamp is made out of thin plastic, is difficult to adjust and I expect it to break after only a short time. Consequently, I cannot recommend this tuner if the user needs to be moving it from one instrument to the other.If the need is for a tuner that attaches to ONE instrument and will, essentially, live there, it is nice little tuner which remains functionally invisible to all but the player. If you need to move the tuner from instrument to instrument, you would be well advised to spend a few more dollars and stick with the clip-on versions of Planet Waves tuners.November 28,2011 UPDATEHaving used this tuner for a while now, I have found that it has a good purpose. While this tuned does have mobility issues as I initially noted, I have been surprised (and pleased)to realize that they are wonderful 'permanent' tuners for acoustic guitars! They are so small as to be unobtrusive and nearly invisible. I leave them on my 12-strings and one of the 6's. A non-built-in-built-in tuner at this price cannot be beat. Based on this belated realization, I have raised the product rating to 4-stars. overallrating 4   lineend
name D. R. Smith review When I got this I thought it was a cheap toy-like thing, but when I put it on my banjo, it perched on the head and was practically invisible to anybody else, but easy to see when I needed it.  It's red when out of tune and green when in tune.  It does have small lines to tell you you are close to being tuned.  I love it when I am the only one using it.  Unlike the clamp kind, like the Snark, it's hard to share.  The clamp seems flimsy and ratchets open and closed and takes a little getting used to, so between my husband and me using it, I'm afraid the thing will break.  I play the banjo and it fits nicely on the head, but my husband has to find a place at the end of his acoustical guitar for it. overallrating 5   lineend
name D_Strasse review  . overallrating 3   lineend
name D.T. review I have both this tuner and a Snark for each of my instruments.  Though I am not a professional musician, I find each them to be of equal accuracy.  In fact, the D'Addario's compact size and fit is totally un-noticeable and though its screen is micro in size, it is very clear and viewable denoting flat/sharp notation.  A great choice for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name E. D. Garcia review  Disclaimers:1. Obtained free as part of Amazon's Vine program2. Tested on 4 ukuleles and one guitarSo, ukulele players: Yes, this tuner is for you.I tested this diminutive tuner on:- Sopranino (Ohana)- Soprano (Pono)- Concert (Kala)- 8-string Tenor (Pono)It's TINY so you can clip it to your favorite uke and leave it there.  It's a bit problematic on the Sopranino, as the tuner geta in the way if you try to clip it to the side, so it need to clip to the top.Tuning is easy.  Just pluck the string and the note letter appears on the screen. If it's red, you're off; if it's green, you're in tune.When you're off, little bars will display by the note letter: left if you're low, right if you're high. Tune in the direction needed until there's one bar on each side of the note and the note's name turns green. Quick and easy.I've compared this little guy to three other chromatic tuners and it's dead accurate.As others have noted, the only concern is around the little plastic latch that holds the tuner to the headstock.  But, it's held together fine so far and I've had it for weeks. overallrating 5   lineend
name Eric Leberg review As a musician I'm in search of many perfect things including the perfect tuner.  I got the package of two.  Unfortunately, the first one died a quick and sudden death.  A new battery didn't resurrect it.  I couldn't find the other one, because they're small and black.  I finally did find it, and have used it several weeks on my Guild Acoustic, and it works nicely so far. In fact, it works really nice.  If you are concerned about stage appearance, this is virtually invisible to anyone watching or videotaping the gig, a plus because it's pretty small but big enough to read.  At the cheap price, it wasn't worth my time to try returning the first one.  I just decided to eat the loss.  I'm crossing my  fingers hoping this one will last.  If you are playing a really nice, (collectible) guitar, be cautious because these tuners, (and capos too,) can damage the finish permanently. I use a tuner on my Gibson Johnny Smith while I play but always take it off when I'm done playing. overallrating 3   lineend
name ETD review I wanted to use this thing for a while, before I reviewed it (I now own five of them).  When I compare it head to head (so to speak) with other tuners, even the ones built into my Ovation guitars, I find that this one has a little higher resolution.  That is, when the others say I'm good, this one says \"no, you need to go one tick more\".  That's not saying that it's inaccurate, it's saying that this one seems to dial you in just a little bit tighter than the others, but it still does it very quickly.  Since I never take it off of the guitar, I went ahead and trimmed off the little tabs on the front of the clamping mechanism, making it even more unobtrusive.  You can barely tell it's there from the front. overallrating 4   lineend
name frankp93 review  The NS Mini chromatic headstock tuner quickly recognized twelve pitches across a multi-octave range of electric bass, guitar and mandolin. The accidentals appear as sharps or flats toggled using the alternate functions of the frequency button.The tuner's view window is slightly larger than a Chiclet but brightness and resolution are fine for dimly-lit spaces.  One thing that's less than ideal is the charcoal color of the tuner itself. If you've ever dropped stuff on dark stages you know what I mean. I'd wager the back of most headstocks skew to lighter tones than darker, so if discretion is what the manufacturer is emphasizing, a lighter color may work better.The notes appear red when out of tune; their color changes to green as a `rough marker'.  You then continue fine tuning using the vertical bars that appear on both sides of the note.  They've gone to lengths to make the tuner stage-friendly, but I'd much prefer the green color mean ` fine tuned and done'.  That way I can look from a distance. I should only have to bother with the bars if I'm struggling to home in (and in my experience that's the exception rather than the rule and usually caused by: new strings, slack under the bridge pins, a slipping tuner, etc.  Mid-life strings tend to stretch and loosen predictably, so long as you don't use a lot of altered tunings.The NS is designed to be clipped discretely to your instrument headstock and viewed from the back. I'm a lefty and, unlike some other tuners, I appreciate the swiveling base that allows me to view the screen right-side up.The viewer doesn't extend far above the headstock surface and felt a bit cramped on my L4 with large New Yorker-style tuners.  On headstocks with more bare wood like a Strat, or even my A-style mandolin, it was easier to find a comfortable spot for viewing that didn't obstruct my hand while turning keys.At first I didn't like the ratchet clamp that attaches to the headstock. I could attach the tuner with one hand by squeezing the clamp tight but it felt like I needed two to remove it: one to press the release and another to pull the clamp out. After a little practice, however, I found this wasn't the case and the touch required isn't difficult at all.The tuner's constructed in a high-impact composite, similar to those parachute-style clamps you see on backpacks. It feels durable and very unlikely to break, although I didn't try stomping on it.I was impressed the battery comes uninstalled in a separate small bag.  The battery door has a concave slot for easy opening with a pick or a coin. The tuner has an auto-shutoff function to preserve battery life.The power and frequency buttons are just nibs really; I'd prefer they be larger with more surface and a bit of click to them. The tuner can be calibrated in integer steps from 430 to 450 if 440 doesn't work for you.One advantage of a chromatic tuner is you can tune to a chord and aren't limited to (usually) diatonic open strings.  For myself, I only use tuners to set the pitch of one string, usually the low A for guitar or bass and low G for mandolin. In my opinion, tuning a fretted instrument completely by open strings is only slightly better than tuning it completely with harmonics - and neither does the job well. Intonation is subject to a bunch of variables: string action and thickness, neck relief, fret condition, nut and bridge condition.Once I have a single string to pitch I match fretted and open string unisons and octaves. After a while you learn which combination works best for each instrument.I used to love staring at those Pignose-sized 'strob-a-tuners' sitting on amps and never faulted a musician who took their time to tune accurately (I wish many more did). I'm not quite sure how we went from, 'We tune because we care' to 'I'm so embarrassed to be standing here tuning I hope no one notices', but the NS Mini Headstock tuner - questionable design choices and all - does what it says with a minimum of fuss. overallrating 3   lineend
name Gery Sasko review  I want to like this more but it's not as good as my other tuners. Tuning calibration on the meter seems skittering to me making it a little difficult and not. As easy as the little round ones from Snark. I like those better and they're cheaper. overallrating 3   lineend
name grandpa review  I have bought several small tuners through the years, but this one has become a favorite. It is Tiny, but the screen is well lit and quite legible. It fits the headstock by pressing the ratcheted clip and releases by a small button on the front. There is a metronome function, which I haven't used. Simply strike a string. If it is out of tune you get a red light with flat or sharp bars. When the key is in tune, you will see a green indicator light and 1 bar on each side. I don't know how dependable and how long it will last since I have only had the two for about a month. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Thomas review  I have another headstock tuner that I've had for awhile.  This Planet Waves PW is about the half the size and works just as well.  The clamp that holds the tuner to the headstock is a little flaky, but the tuner works like a champ.  Nicely backlite for those low lighting conditions.  Compared to my other tuner, it's rigt on the money.  The other plus is that since it small and my guitar case has a little wiggle room, I don't have to take the tuner off. overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  er in that it would probably not work well on my Les Paul or Acoustics, but for the 6-in line guitars it's perfect. It is very precise and accurate, leading you to perfect tuning every use. I totally recommend this product - you won't be dissappointed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gustavo Posada review I Normally use my KORG foot-switch tuner for my guitar and basses... this guy really had me believing in small-vibration-tuning.Three key words for this: Accurate + Small + InBeat! overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Cedeno review   will tell you and I have had no problems.  Cons: Minor one would be, that when mounted, the face of the tuner doesn't exactly face your eyes, you have to move your guitar a bit to aim it towards you. But the biggest CON is.... it's pretty much worthless at  a bright daylight gig. In sunlight, its TOO dim! ha ha!  At home or at a night gig its fine. Daylight? Forget it. overallrating 4   lineend
name JdoubleH review Compared to the SnarkSnark SN-1 Tunertuners, I really like the low profile / leave it on the instrument design of this tuner. The Snark goose neck is easily broken, and hard to keep safe in a gig bag. This works much better in that regard. This one is fairly bright and easy to see in all lighting conditions. It mounts very positively and seems to sense all strings fine.  Tuning accuracy? Hard to say- it just indicates high / low / on pitch, really. I prefer the more precise and wider scale +/1 readout of the Snark. They are much more precise- nearly good enough to intonate an instrument. But this is probably good enough for most, just to get dialed in at the rehearsal or gig.The negatives, and why I can't recommend it are as follows. The battery cover on mine fits very loosely. I worry the battery will fall out very easily. I may end up gluing it in place. It isn't immediately obvious where the battery goes or how to open it, and there's no indicator which way the battery goes in (+ is up I think).  The second fault is that once it is on your headstock the string note letters display perpendicular to the user- that's right, sideways.  On a bass, I don't really need it to tell me which string I'm plucking or tuning, but I still find myself craning my neck sideways to read it. It wouldn't be so hard to read either if the letters weren't so highly stylized, but then turn it on its side, and it is just unreadable - for me, anyhow. I just can't for the life of me work out why they designed it this way. overallrating 2   lineend
name Jeffrey E review  OK - I like this one a lot.  It stays on the instrument and allows for a quick tune up at anytime.  It is accurate, easy to see and use and does not get in the way while playing.  It sure beats the other units I have used where you clamp on some weird thing, tune up and then stash back in your gig bag.This one is... bing! - on, tune and back to playing.  It weighs next to nothing so you do not even notice it unless you are tuning up. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jim C review First, I've noticed that many reviews here are for the \"original\" NS tuner, the one with only two buttons and \"coin slot\" battery cover. This one is a little smaller, has a metronome flasher, and the battery installs differently, but the name/model evidently didn't change.  I compared this new one, the \"original\ and the latest Snark on dreadnought guitar, mandolin, and 5-string banjo.Pros: Size, size, and SIZE!!Reasonably accurateMounting clip better than beforeGood priceMetronome flasher maybe for some?Cons:  Display not as bright as othersContrary to their description, this one seems less sensitive than original.Battery compartment difficult to openMay not fit well on some headstocks. On my wife's A style mandolin it fits but barely. On my slothead guitar it alsobarely fits.  That being said, I haven't found anything I can't use it on.My take.... The Snark was the better of the three in terms of accuracy, lock in speed, and visibility however I really dislike the \"eyeball on a stick\" form factor and refuse to use it on stage!  I like the fact that the NS is unobtrusive and can be left on the instrument, I even in leave 'em on in the case. The display and lock in speed of the original NS was better than the new one but the new one seems a bit more accurate for me. I'll keep the new NS tuners for now and hope that D'Adarrio (or someone) improves on it with a better processor and LED. overallrating 4   lineend
name JMAC review  ers commented on accuracy.  If you want strobe accuracy there are better choices.  For that kind of accuracy you also need a larger display.  This tuner will get you close quickly and you can use your ears to fine tune if necessary.  I haven't had a problem except with guitars that have built-in intonation problems (like old Nationals) and they need tweaking even after a Peterson Strobe.Soapbox: especially if you are a new player, do yourself a favor and learn to tune your guitar by ear!  Try tuning the strings to a reference pitch or each other then use the tuner to check.  Learning to tune by ear will help you in more ways than I have time to list.  Being able to hear the intervals in a chord and know which string is off is an invaluable skill.  People that can only tune with a tuner will take much longer to develop that, if ever. overallrating 4   lineend
name Joe McParland review I thought to try this tuner after my gig bag decided to break my Snark SN-2's neck (fragile plastic socket of the ball & socket joint bent with stress). Functionally, I prefer the SN-2, which seems to do slightly more sample averaging while remaining responsive, displaying less &#34;bounciness.&#34; I also prefer the SN-2 display. However, there's  a lot  to be said about the small form factor, which I can leave on the headstock without risk of damage. Now I keep an NS on each of the mandolins that travel with me and I keep a Snark clipped to the music stand at home. overallrating 3   lineend
name John Ferrell review It stays out of the way on my guitar, however, be aware that the mounting tab gets a little loose.  I am going to try glue to keep it holding its grip. overallrating 3   lineend
name Jonathan Cannon review I bought this tuner for my mandolin.  I have to play a little louder than I'd like for the tuner to hear me.  The display is not as nice or easy to interact with as some tuning displays I've seen.  But it's so small that I never have to take it off, and it's doing its job well.  I'm pretty fond of this little guy. overallrating 4   lineend
name JPfromOH review The Planet Waves tuner works effectively on acoustic and electric guitars, using the instruments vibrations to read pitch.  The tuner seems to be reasonably accurate, is lightweight, and is easy to read without being obtrusive to the audience.  It is also nice that such an inexpensive and small tuner can be adjusted to standards on either side of A-440.  Note that the photo of the tuner shows it on the headstock of a Fender-style electric guitar.  It works particularly well on the instrument shown because of the fact that the tuners are all on the same side of the headstock.  On something like a Gibson jazz guitar (ES-175, or one of the Epiphone or Ibanez clones, for example) it's more difficult to find an ideal place to attach the tuner.  Classical and acoustic steel-string guitars are also a tad problematic, too.  It's not that this tuner is unusable on other types of headstocks, it's just that the design limits where you can place it and still have it readable right-side up.  Some headstocks, too, may be too thick in order to attach this tuner.  As long as it fits on your guitar, the Planet Waves tuner is highly recommended. overallrating 4   lineend
name JVincent review I primarily play live and I am a tone-o-holic. In other words, I use high end pedals, cables, amps and pickups and try to keep as little as possibel between my guitar and amp. I bought a couple of these so I could have one on both my main and backup guitar. No more need for a pedal based tuner. These work that well and are almost undetectable from the front. They also won't mark up your prized instrument. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Walker review This tuner is tiny and works as advertised to tune my guitar, bass and banjo.  I have tested it against other, older and larger tuners and all tune to the same accuracy, which is very good.I docked it one star because the screen doesn't stay on (in my opinion) long enough when I am trying to tune a string.  When I pick a string, the screen flashed for a brief second with the tuning information and then goes blank.  It works, but I find other tuners easier to use that have screens that stay on longer with each pick.Perhaps a more experienced guitar play may only need that brief flash of tuning information to tune a screen, but for me I find it easier to have the tuning information displayed longer.Also this tuner is tiny.  I can leave it on my instrument when I put the instrument in a case, no problem at all.  The flip side of this is that the screen is tiny too.  Really tiny...almost hard to read tiny.  You need to decide if this tiny size is an advantage or disadvantage for you. overallrating 4   lineend
name Kevin review This guy is great if you want to mount it on your guitar without a big clip-on gizmo that people see easily. Downside is that it is so small it's hard to tell what button you are pushing and it's not terribly easy to turn off and on (Do I push again? Push and hold?). Also, the screen to read if you are in tune is so small that sometimes judging how close you are to being in tune is hard. This being said, it's a nice tuner and stays on. Also, I should point out that while it does clip on, it's not as easy to move from one instrument to the other as some other tuners. overallrating 3   lineend
name KP review One was Dead on Arrival, the other one works like a champ. I like the old version more. These are a little tricky to mount but do track well, and are not obnoxious looking like the Snark tuners. overallrating 4   lineend
name M. C. Malkemus review  The device itself is difficult to read in bright light.My first one arrived not working at all.The second one arrived with a low battery. What? After three days the battery goes out.I would have returned it, but lost it because it doesn't adhere to the headstock very well. You've been warned. overallrating 1   lineend
name Michael Berish review  I have had plenty of these.  Lots just snap apart in the back, or don't even work properly when you try and tune them.  This one is spectacular.  It is real accurate, snaps on to the headstock perfectly.  Best I've ever found so far in a tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael W. review I bought the two pack and I've found them both to be a bit finicky. Sometimes they turn on right away and other times you have to click the button a couple times to get it to light up. When they're on and working they work well and I like the small size and tight profile against the headstock, I just wish they were a little more reliable. overallrating 3   lineend
name Mike Lovelace review  I purchased a couple sets of these to try them out.  They are small and unobtrusive digital tuners which can be left attached for easily keeping your instrument in tune.  They seem slower to lock then my Snark tuners, and the visual scale is not as precise, but they do seem to work fairly well.  The ratcheting mechanism holds tightly on my guitars, and they can be stored in the case attached.  Its nice having a tuner right there at the ready whenever you need it.UPDATE:  Downgrading my rating by 1 star.  Having used four NS MicroTuners for a couple of weeks, on four different instruments, I have to say that, in comparison to my Snark tuners, the NS Micro Tuner is slow to lock, and difficult to tune precisely.  With the Snark (any of them...I have several models) I can usually pluck a string once and tune the string in seconds.  With the NS Microtuners, I have to repeatedly pluck a string, and the tuner is slow to display the adjustment.  Sometimes I have to pluck a string several times before the NS Microtuner acknowledges a string has been played at all!  It is also very difficult to get the tuning precisely on target. |E| would be a perfectly tuned \"E\ but one of the side indicators is always flickering and getting it perfect takes patience and repeated effort.  I still like having them clipped to an instrument for a quick check, but when I want to be precise (and fast) I always reach for the Snark. overallrating 4   lineend
name Minh Pham review Seems like it draws current, even when it's OFF. I have two guitars, and this thing stays with one guitar. I make sure to turn this tuner OFF before putting the guitar away, and when I get around to playing the guitar again (7 to 10 days later), the battery is already drained. This happened at least three times already. The tuning is slightly off from an inline tuner that I have to compare against. I don't know which one is more accurate. The good thing is it's very convenient to have almost instant reading when you need it. I probably won't buy again for my other (and future) guitars. overallrating 3   lineend
name M. Luke review  overallrating 5   lineend
name MQ review Great product. Accurate, small, functional, inexpensive, better battery life to previous generations, very good quality, adapts easily to any type of guitar heads. overallrating 5   lineend
name Nick review I tried this after I lost my planet waves ns design mini tuner. Not sure if I lost it at a gig, or my three-year-old son got his hands on it, I'd bet the latter.This micro tuner is smaller and lessobtrusive than the mini, which is nice. That's about the only Pro. There are a few other features I guess, like being able to select the instrument used, but I don't need that.Cons: The readout is smaller, duh, but does not seem to be as bright. I play a lot of outdoor weddings, in bright sun, and this one is much harder to read than the mini.This micro tuner does not seem to tune as responsively as the mini. As you move closer to In tune, the bars do not smoothly move towards the center, so it's easy to over or under tune, and can take a few more seconds then the mini to get the job done. And those seconds can count when a bride is waiting for you to play her song to walk down the aisle and you're trying to get your tuning absolutely perfect. I'm also trying to tune my semi-acoustic guitar as quietly as possible, so using my ear for fine tuning is not a viable option.Does it get the job done? Yes. But there is a product that's almost the same size that works a little better, for a negligible price difference. It might even be cheaper. If you're a beginner and want to select the instrument you're tuning and a few extra seconds isn't an issue, or you play in dark environments and don't need a super bright readout, this will be fine, but I will be going with the mini when I buy a new one. overallrating 3   lineend
name N. McArthur review   regularly, and rarely have anything poor to say about products.Unfortunately, we cannot remain positive with this device.  Our small band keeps an average of 8 instrument tuners at the ready.  We have several NS1 models that work flawlessly, as well as TG-200 models that we really like.This one seems to consume coin-cell batteries at an unacceptable rate.  On average, it 'eats' a battery a day.  It also has a much darker display, making it hard to read unless the stage is quite dark.  One would think that if the display were darker, less power would be drawn from the battery.  Average room lighting is too bright to use this tuner.We do like the ability to rotate the display, so that the tuner can be mounted in front or behind the headstock, with the display maintaining proper orientation. Unfortunately the poor performance means that this unit will find its way into the junk-drawer on the workbench. overallrating 4   lineend
name Nunya Biz review I own several small tuners, including the Enote nano tuner and the Snark. In comparison to those, I would say its most like the Enote when it comes to size, but definitely more accurate and responsive.  In comparison to the Snark, its not as quick to respond but still does an adequate job tuning.  Its a great size and fits nicely in the pocket of a gig bag and isnt quite as large as the Snark. Anyway, it all comes down to preference I suppose.  I would recommend it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ocean Blue review Use this on my Taylor acoustic-electric which does not have a built in tuner.  Love it - it hides very nicely on the headstock - your audience won't even see it.  What else can I say - it's accurate, it works, it clamps on really neatly & securely, it's a great price, it has not marred the finish on my Taylor's headstock in any way, etc....  I'd recommend for all your guitars which do not already include a built-in tuner.  Would definitely buy again !!!These are so cool that everyone should have at least one of these even if you don't need one  :)  !!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Operafanatic review Yes!  I finally have a tuner that fits right on my guitar headstock!  It never needs to be removed!  It's accurate.  It's easy to use.  It's low-profile.  Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Otto Correct review I'll be upfront and honest right away and say that I'm not the biggest fan of headstock tuners.  I love the idea, but usually I feel the execution leaves a bit to be desired.  But when this popped up on my Vine newsletter I thought I'd give it a go and see if this one fixed any of the things I don't like about the other ones ( COUGH snark COUGH ).A little background first, I guess.  I've been playing guitar for the last 9 years, and I currently have two other tuners.  I have a little Korg plug in type,  where you can have it pick up your signal with an instrument cable or just use the microphone on the front to tune up.  I also have a Boss TU-3 pedal tuner.  If I'm jamming with friends or playing a show, the TU-3 is what I'll use to stay in tune.  Its very durable and accurate, and I like how I can step on it to engage both the tuner and cut out my guitar signal, so I can tune in silence and not annoy my friends and/or the audience.  For home practice I use the Korg, as I usually tune up before I start playing, then just plug into my practice amp and blast away.  The Korg is nice and accurate, easy enough to use for alternate tunings, and in 9 years of having it around (including in and out of jam sessions before buying the TU-3) I've only had to buy one replacement.I first saw a headstock tuner a year ago when a friend went to get an electronic tuner and the guy at the guitar store talked him into that blue Snark that everyone seems to have these days.  He was not incredibly pleased with it.  Not only was it somewhat garish to have a big blue ball sitting on your headstock, it seemed kinda flimsy to me and it wasn't exatly easy to tune up with it.  While I thought the idea of having a tuner that worked off the resonation of your guitar would be cool, it seemed like the design had a bit of a ways to go before it was something I'd want on my headstock.Enter this Mini Headstock Tuner by Planet Waves.  Does it fix the problems that made the Snark so unappealing to my friend and me?1.  Accuracy:  It does seem to tune accurately, that's a good thing, and it already puts this ahead of the Snark.  Its not easy to use for alternate tunings however, so do keep that in mind.  Also, the letters take some getting used to, as they use that kind of chunky LCD block style that you find on some DVD players.  Not a huge complaint, but it isn't as idiot proof as my Korg or TU-3.2.  Looks/Ease Of Use:  It's quite a bit more subtle than the Snark, able to hide behind your headstock, which is quite preferable to having a blue ball sitting on the end of your guitar.  The only problem with it hiding behind the back of your headstock is if you have a Les Paul style headstock where you have three tuners on each side, you may have trouble finding a spot where the tuner actually fits and can be seen.  My LP copy has the larger Grover tuners so my only choice is on the very end of the headstock.  I wear my guitar fairly low, so I was able find an area where I can see it from the top down, but those who sling it a bit higher might be outta luck.  Those with Fender style headstocks should have no problem, though, it'll work great for them.  Also, it is plenty bright, so seeing it well enough is not going to be an issue.3.  Durability:  This is where the main drawback to these types of tuners are.  The Snark is very easy to break, as it rests on a small ball joint.  This Planet Waves mini isn't going to lose its head too easy, but the ratcheting clip is made of plastic and I don't expect it to hold up under too much use.  The tuner itself is made of fairly light duty plastic too, so as nice as it would be to keep this in your pocket on the way to a jam session, I still think it would be easy enough to break.  I haven't had it long enough for this to happen yet, so I can only give you my initial impressions.  Let's just say this, I'd never gig with this guy as my only tuner.  Its obviously not going to be rugged enough for that type of use.All in all, it is a better headstock choice than the Snark.  However, headstock tuners as a whole still have a ways to go before they're gonna work for everyone.  Anyone who gigs often would be better off getting some kind of pedal tuner (I personally suggest a Boss TU-2 or TU-3 or a Korg Pitchblack).  I know they're more expensive, but you'll be happier off in the long run.  Those looking for a convenient way to tune up between songs during a jam session, this is a nice option.  But it may not hold up forever.I'll probably stick to my TU-3 and my Korg plug in, but as headstock tuners go, this is nicer than most. overallrating 3   lineend
name Peter review  This little tuner is excellent. Very accurate. I love it. I have other tuners but this one is the best. I didn't realize it was so small. I was concerned when I first open the package because of it's size. But this mini tuner is just plain amazing. I'm glad I bought it. overallrating 5   lineend
name P. MSakamoto review  er mentioned, the display jumps around a lot even with the \"tip\" of plucking the string with a light to moderate stroke. For my full-sized guitar, the tuning was easier, but I had some difficulty on the low E string. Tuning my concert ukulele was relatively easy except for tuning the E string again proved to be more effort. Just for fun, I tuned a full-sized cello with great results, but there was no easy way to clamp the tuner on. Another experiment I ran was checking out the tuner in a room with another instrument playing. After tuning the instruments, I checked the tuning against another tuner and the mini tuner was spot on. Although concealing the tuner from my audience isn't a concern of mine, I would definitely recommend this tuner to someone with that concern. Otherwise, the clamping mechanism is more of an issue for me. overallrating 4   lineend
name Rachel Himes review After years of having a large, awkward tuner I was thrilled to learn about this modest little clip on. So much more discreet to do a little last minute tune up when you're already on the stage.I love that the lights are bright and easy to see, unlike one previous tuner I had that was very hard to read. Dark grey letters on a light grey screen. Even better is that the light colors are different for flat, sharp and on-tune which makes it even easier. May not seem like a big deal when you're tuning alone at your house, but when you're on a stage with other people doing a lot of last minute adjustments and your attention is all over the place, those little details really help.The only real drawback I see in the design is that there is no place on the head of my 6 string acoustic where I can conveniently clip this without it being somewhat in the way of the tuning knobs. Not impossible, but not terribly convenient, either. It was seemingly designed with an electric style in mind where the knobs are more often in one straight line than on either side of the guitar head.The $80 tuner I bought 20 years ago is a Sabine, and quite frankly, 20 years later it still works as well as it did when I bought it. In fact, the price has come down and I bought another one to keep in a different guitar case. Now that I have this one I still use the Sabine more at home, but like this one better on stage because it's low profile. Looks more professional and I like that. overallrating 4   lineend
name REM review This unit is very small and tucks away nicely.  It is easy to use.  I do wish they would make the bracket a little stronger but it works well.  I would recommend this to anyone.  Very Nice!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick review First it tunes very accurately. Second its low profile, I keep it tucked under the head stock, the crowd can't really see and I it is completely usable if I need to quickly tune during the set and my ears aren't cutting it.  Third, buy it if you are looking for a new tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick Langdon review  I really like this tuner.  I have always liked the Planet Waves tuners for ease of use and accuracy.  This mini tuner takes all I like about the larger Planet Waves model and makes it ultra compact.  It fits nicely on smaller intstruments such as mandolin and any instrument with headstocks that don't readily accept the larger tuners (banjo, Telecaster etc.).  I currently have 2 of these and find them very reliable and accurate.  Easy to read.  Easy to see.Another winner from Planet Waves.  (almost forgot to mention one other thing that is nice about this tuner is its stealth ... it can hide behind the headstock so you won't be concerned with it being always clipped on and it won't interfere with the look of your instrument). overallrating 5   lineend
name Sam I Am review Cool little digital tuner  that works great on my ukulele. Small and unobtrusive, unlike my other digital tuners.  I like the backlit display with simple markings that make easy to tell if you are in tune with a quick glance.  Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Scott review Very cool little product for those of us who cannot tune by ear yet and don't want to wander around looking for our tuner that we can never find. overallrating 5   lineend
name The Bluescaster review I ordered this because I have an Ovation, and none of the clip on tuners were able to get a good grip on that kind of headstock.Due to the small size and adjustable clip, this tuner fit perfectly, and well out of the way. It took me a few tries to get used to pushing up on the ON/OFF button, but no problem now.As a tuner, I really like it. The small green screen is easy to read in low or regular light (haven't tried it in bright light yet), the bars for fine tuning are pretty stable, and it did a great job in a noisy gig, where I changed tunings about 10 times during the evening. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayfinder review This is a product that is unique, tiny and would be very useful-- if it were more accurate.  The problem is it's just not responsive enough.  To get it to work one has to place it low on the headpiece (next to the nut) and strum a string pretty loud for a consistent register.  Placing it at the top of the headpiece it simply doesn't pick up enough string vibration to register well.The problem with placing it next to the nut is that it then makes it impossible to hang the guitar on a wall-mount guitar hanger.  That may seem like a small issue... but not if you use such a device regularly (as many home-players do).  Myself, I have 5 guitars hanging on my living room wall.That doesn't make this valueless.  You can always clip it on the top of the headpiece and then move it when you're ready to tune.  Thus I give it 3 stars.  However there are other more responsive tuners, such as the capo-tuners we've seen on Amazon lately.  They're about the same price (actually, the capo tuners are a bit less-expensive) but I've found the capo-tuners to be considerably more responsive.So bottom line, I'm not impressed.  These aren't an expensive tuner comparatively speaking, and that's good.  But they' really don't do all that great a job.  They're unresponsive enough that I honestly think a person might break a string before realizing the tuner isn't responding to the current string pluck.Note to Ovation guitar players:  this is not the clip-on tuner for you.  There's simply no place to clip it.  Fortunately my Ovation has built-in tuning, but if you have an Ovation Acoustic, you'll want a different tuner. overallrating 3   lineend
name YetAnotherITGuy review  I just put thePlanet Waves PW-CT-12 NS Mini Headstock Tuneron my Stratocaster last night. It replaces several other tuners I have been using that hung off the headstock and tended to come loose and fall off or had to be constantly re-secured and positioned (and removed/re-attached when I transferred my guitar to/from the case). The mini takes care of all those problems -- I attached it between the low E and A string tuners, inner facing with the display rotated to face me. It is sensitive and accurate. The display is quite readable, even without glasses and features a color change to green when near or in tune. There are fine tuning bars on either side of the note indicator so you know when you are right on. I can leave it attached when I case my guitar which is a huge plus. The battery is top loading so I don't even have to remove it to change the battery, which probably won't be for a while since it has an effective auto-shutoff function (as opposed to other tuners I've used that are supposed to shut-off when no audio energy present but don't and kill the battery). Also the display is smaller and as such, probably requires less power to operate which translates to longer battery life. It can be turned on (or manually turned off) with a simple touch of an easily palpated power button. The frequency is adjustable +/- 10 hz from 440 if you need that for some reason. It uses a clip to attach via friction, which is adjustable and the clip is padded so it won't scratch the finish of the headstock. I am so happy with this tuner I am buying TWO MORE immediately, one for my Breedlove acoustic, another to keep as a spare. Every once in a while I happen across products designed to fill a specific niche that fill their designated need perfectly and this is one of them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Zerochief review Beware! This tuner works by guitar vibration. If your playing loud with other people you'll have to ask them to stop playing so you can tune. Not recommended for band environments. Probably ok for solo gigs or home practice. Otherwise its very stealth and easily clips on most guitars. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bob Denton review  Easily installed on my parlor guitar. The oval shape helps retain the strap and looks kewl. Installation is not rocket science. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Ruud review  These end pins are so simple and logical that I'm surprised it's taken the design process this long to get to this point. I used to use Schaller straplocks but they're not compatible with all straps. If the end leather/material is too thick, the lock won't fit. I enjoy the elliptical endpin design, as it helps me feel confident the strap will stay on, but I can easily remove the strap or use another on the guitar. I highly recommend you try this out if you're looking for a great way to keep your strap secured. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Oliver review If you are looking to install a guitar strap button or just want to upgrade your existing button, these are great buttons to use.  It comes with two buttons, two washers and 4 screws (two different sizes). overallrating 5   lineend
name James R. Davis review Item came with two sets of screws, a long set and a shorter set. Looks good on my Yamaha acoustic guitar. Holds my strap well. I am happy I bought this. overallrating 4   lineend
name JdoubleH review I must first state for the record, I hate strap locks. Hate may be a bit shy of the mark, actually. I've never met a set I liked in any single way.  I've only ever dropped an instrument that HAD strap locks on it. In fact, EVERY instrument I've owned with strap locks has suffered a gravity attack caused by the very device intended to prevent such misfortune. Schaller type strap locks tend to come unscrewed- even with Locktite. When you install them, you are compressing the nut and washer against a compressible material (leather, nylon, etc), so it is never really tight. Plus there's only about two threads on the slim little nut, and if they aren't a really tight match to the other half, wear very quickly (especially since you have to tighten them so often). Duncan type often suffer from 'non-positive lock syndrome' if not regularly cleaned and lubed. Then there's the fact that unless all of your instruments are equipped with the same brand of lock buttons, your strap is only compatible with the ones which match. And then there is the the metal-on-metal clankyness. Yuck. Oh, and and the cost. Moving on.Why are these little Elliptical End Pins so brilliant? They are NOT strap locks. If you orient the widest points horizontally when you install them - as you should, then in order to put your strap on and take it off, you will need to turn the strap 90 degrees to the instrument. This isn't something you are likely to do inadvertently while reaching for your beer onstage. Sometimes the simplest design is the best design. And they're pretty, too.Downsides? I will say the screws supplied with these are pretty short, but then I would also argue there is no reason to not use the screws holding in the original strap buttons as long as they fit tightly. If they don't, using smaller or shorter screws is not the answer- especially considering if the screws cut new threads, you're pretty much- uh, screwed. The washers these come with are pretty small too, so I just used the screws and felt washers that came with the factory buttons. With a brand new strap, they can be a bit tricky to get on, but just as tricky to get off (which is good). That tight fit could cause some increased wear on the strap, especially if it is made from cheap materials. With older straps, just as with any traditional strap button, you need to develop a good habit of always checking the positive seat of the strap, but it is very easy to verify, and again much less likely to slip than a traditional button. Mechanical strap locks actually require just as much diligence to ensure they are still securely fastened and working properly. But with strap locks, if there's a problem, you'll have to grab some tools to fix it - or replace it entirely. Talk about a false sense of security. With PE's Elliptical End Pins, you just put the strap where it should be and you're set.If you are one who is taken to doing back-flips, or find yourself frequently using your strapped instrument like a hula-hoop onstage, then these probably won't save your precious instrument from the gravity goblin or inertia monkey's worst intentions. But if either of these antics are your norm, you might be better served by a permanently attached strap, or perhaps therapy.Since writing the review above, I've ordered several more sets to use on all of my basses. I'm done with traditional strap buttons and don't imagine ever going back to metal on metal strap locks. overallrating 5   lineend
name jeff h review These strap pins are fantastic. They securely hold the strap on your guitar very nicely. The oval shape is perfect. There is no need for proprietary or expensive \"strap locks\". They are easy to install. These elliptical pins are great. Terrific yet simple concept. They also look great! I highly recommend these to anyone who has a guitar. I will never use strap locks again after trying these. Great value. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lee review I was looking for a strap locking designed button for my acoustic guitar. These work great and look sweet too. Their shape keeps your guitar securely in place, but is also easy to unhook when your ready. High quality product and very easy to install. Just what I wanted. overallrating 5   lineend
name Marty German review  Brilliant solution to the strap button problem! The pointy end makes it quick and easy to get your strap over the button while the larger sized top will then hold the strap on so it won't slip off! Works as well as locking strap buttons did, for me. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael W. review I like these little guys. I'm not a big fan of strap locks and these provide more security than a traditional circular end pin at a great price. overallrating 5   lineend
name MAURICIO S TAVARES review It works and cleans the strings, but its durability is a little low, for about 2 months. I recommend Planet Waves String Cleaner if you plan to use a really good cleaner. overallrating 3   lineend
name RB review This has been a very good purchase, I have not stopped using it since I got it, good and prompt service as well Thanks again Cheers !!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard review  bought because cheap and trying to keep my electric guitar strings in good shape if I decide to pick it up again. overallrating 4   lineend
name RobertB review Used on my acoustic guitar.Pro:Removes friction for faster playing. I noticed immediate result after applying first time.Enhances string life and tone. Strings sound brighter now. I guess there was some mild crud buildup you can't see.Reduces finger noise. Not completely gone but lessened.Easy to use applicator. Wide applicator makes it easy to put on and not get it onto the fret board.Con:Packaged in a metal tin and the applicator went dry after 3 weeks. Has no seal and the little cap on the applicator doesn't prevent dry out.I don't believe I would buy again until a sealed container is provided. overallrating 4   lineend
name Vince Lewis review  I have tried many string cleaners and so far this one is as good as any.  I like the applicator, and will just need to see how long it lasts. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Limbach review  The perfect wall mount for a ukulele. My daughter loves it. Instrument looks great on her wall, and it is easier than taking out of a case to practice. Installs in 5 minutes with included drywall anchors and screws (or mount to wall studs). overallrating 5   lineend
name James M. Bailey review I don't know why others rated it as a 4 star.  It is exactly what it says it is and works fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name James Tepper review  I'm a guitar player who owns several electric and acoustic guitars.  I learned a long time ago that guitar-like instruments ought to  be hung by the neck, as one finds them in a music store, to minimize neck warpage, and all my instruments are hung.  This is probably not so important for something as lightweight as a ukulele, but I also thought the instrument would double as wall art.So when my wife unexpectedly brought me back a nice electric-acoustic uke from Hawaii, I immediately went shopping for a wall hanger.  There are more expensive ones out there, but this wooden String Swing turned out to be perfect.  Easy to install, holds the uke perfectly, and the whole thing looks great on the wall.  Call me a satisfied customer.JM Tepper overallrating 5   lineend
name Jr Fentress review  While this hanger is not unattractive, and is well built I could and will modify it to better suit my needs.  The design of the hanger causes the neck of the &#34;uke&#34; to stand off of the wall 2+ inches at the head and 3-1/2 inches at the hanger itself and 3 inches at the base of the body.  This is not an easy fix but it is doable. overallrating 3   lineend
name Victoria review Just like the ones in the store.  We mounted our two ukes on these.  Put our hangers in studs, but they come with those plastic gizmos for drywall.  Heavy duty and nice looking.  Great price.  You just can't beat the speed and convenience of Amazon. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  Great deal for the price. Works fine, but like all cheap pickups it basically makes my acoustic sound like a clean electric. Did the job for what I needed. Now I know I would love a better one like a Fishman. overallrating 4   lineend
name bean review  this pickup for the price is just as good as one that cost 4 tom 5 times as muchif your looking for one that wont break your bank but sounds good this is the one overallrating 5   lineend
name Cabbott review If you're the kind of player that 'beats' on an acoustic like I do you'll find the sound hole pickup is an obstruction that you're constantly picking against causing loud clicks, pops and bangs.Very accurate pickup otherwise overallrating 4   lineend
name Charles Wathen review Very handy,  I just slip this into the sound hole, hook it up to my amp, and then, when I finish playing, I slip it back out.  This is handy when I practice at night when my wife is sleeping. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cooper the Beagle review It works very well, installs easily, stays in place once installed but can be removed easily.  Does not scratch guitar's finish (just be careful, and no issues).  It will not produce the sound of a unit that is built into a guitar, but it comes very close.  A great and inexpensive way to make an acoustic also be electric. overallrating 5   lineend
name Darkrin review when it works good its great but sometimes it gets static-y I wish it had a volume in line not much more to say overallrating 4   lineend
name Dennis Mayer review This pickup is actually a really great product for what it is! I hooked it up to my acoustic and plugged it into my line 6 amp and shredded a little bit.It's NUTS being able to rock out on my amp with an acoustic!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Dennis R. Crisp review This is great for anyone who wants to turn their acoustical guitar to electric.  I did find out there may be a little feed back from the amp if you get too close. overallrating 4   lineend
name D N Wolfe review A couple of my friends and I own this pickup and use it to amplify our acoustic guitars through a mixer and loudspeaker system.  Works really well considering how inexpensive it is.  It's very easy to install and remove, but be sure you have a fairly standard-sized sound hole in your guitar to ensure that it will fit and be reasonably stable. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jeffro review I had just bought an electric acoustic and while I was ordering that I just went ahead and picked one of these up as well because I figured what the heck it's under $20 and maybe my full size acoustic might work well with it. So I got it and th only thing I had an issue with is that it slide around a little too easily, but, it does work well. I recommend it for those who are looking for a simple solution to making their acoustic, electric so that they can play it through their amp. overallrating 4   lineend
name Joe's Gadgets review  Very inexpensive soundhole pickup with a impressive sound.Very high gain,fits in all size soundholes.Good heavy construction.Of course it's not great.I'm not on stage or anything so works fine for a novice like myself.If you have a Taylor, Martin or Gibson that's not already AE this is not for you & I probably didn't even need to say that!!I just have a cheep Rogue that sounds good with this pickup.It's just a matter of how much you want to (or can) spend.I'm happy with this pickup!!Joe overallrating 4   lineend
name N1ZW Rob review I purchased this to use until I get the replacement to my Ovation CC28 and it is load and clean. For $20 0 it is worth all day. overallrating 5   lineend
name Randy V. Brown review I've used my HDE pickup for about a month now. I use it with a Fender Frontman amp. The sound quality is as good as pickups of twice the cost. I highly recommend this product. I'll probably get a second one for a backup, while I can get it at the present price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Special K review Low strings do not get picked up very well but is ok if you are just strumming. For the price it is a good deal. overallrating 3   lineend
name Z.W.T. review I was apprehensive about ordering this pickup but am so glad I did!! I am now able to play/ record my acoustic through my effects processor and play it through my amplifiers. Does an awesome job of reproducing your acoustics sound. I recommend this to anyone looking to amplify the sound of their acoustic guitar!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Garyb review Have used them for years, bought some new guitars, had to have.  Wish they had something for Acoustic Electric 1/4&#34; backplug overallrating 5   lineend
name James M. Bailey review These on my guitar as a replacement to some old ones and they work well.  I have had no problems with them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lip Davis review I put them on a Dipinto Mach V with that Levis Rat fink guitar strap I need to exchange. I use this on all my guitars. I tried some off brands and I've found it worth the extra few dollars to get the real deal. overallrating 5   lineend
name MoisesGo review About ten years ago, I installed strap locks on my first guitar (Fender Stratocaster). They worked well and were easy to install. I subsequently installed Dunlop strap locks on many other guitars with mixed results: the screws are really small and they would some times get stuck in the middle of installation. I had to drill additional holes no two guitars (Gibson SGs). Ouch.This made me take a second look at Schaller. The components, beginning with the screws, are of much higher quality than Dunlop. It took me ten years to realize that I made the wrong choice. I should have gone with Schaller from the beginning. I have replaced all my strap locks with Schaller with excellent results. overallrating 5   lineend
name Teh Arbitrageur review  I just bought a Rickenbacker 4003 that came with Schaller strap locks pre-installed.  I've used Dunlops before, but those would require redrilling the holes to put them on the bass, so I just bought the Schaller buttons.  I don't quite like their look as well as the large round Dunlops, but there's no question about the quality -- these are not going to fall off the bass anytime soon. overallrating 4   lineend
name Chris Hayden review Sounds great, easy to adjust.  Nice shape to help fit it on a compact pedal board. Worth price hands down. overallrating 4   lineend
name G. Botta review This is a very basic delay pedal, with the obvious knobs: delay volume, time and repeats. It has a nice bright sound, never too muddy and it's perfect for some Dave Gilmour style slap back delays.It only works with a power adapter, no battery. This has its pros and cons: on one side the pedal has a smaller foot print and costs less, on the other side if your power adapter breaks you're out of luck!Unlike many similar pedals this one doesn't let you set infinite repeats: this makes it impossible to make tricks a la Johnny Greenwood like creating quick loops and changing the delay speed to obtain weird noises. This is actually my favorite way of using delay pedals, so I returned it. Nonetheless, the product itself is great: cheap, sturdy and it does exactly what it's supposed to do. overallrating 4   lineend
name Pa user review does a good job for a basic delay...good for rockabilly and 50's slap echo. I needed it for nothing else so I'm happy. :) overallrating 5   lineend
name The User review Great pedal.  Get it. You wont be disappointed for basic delay needs.  Great tone.  Dont waste your $$ on others with similar specs. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tim review Just got it, so far so good. I use delay pretty light n tight - slapback vibe, not too wet. This does it well. I considered the MXR delay - no - I may have considered it but the only pedal failure I've ever experienced was my MXR/Dunlop Phase 90, first the DC input, then the stomp switch, after light/barely any bedroom use. This ModTone here, seems solidly constructed. I haven't played with it too much yet, but as of right now, I wouldn't recommend it for Edge wannabes, seems limited in that regard. I may be wrong, but either way, do we need more Edge wannabes?No, we do not.Good tone though, does the trick, trick. overallrating 4   lineend
name Andrew Adkins review  Good design, easy to hang on to these picks.  Reasonable price makes it even better.  I don't often use picks, but when I do, I use these.  I will buy more in the future. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brother MOLOCH 969 review  I collect picks (or plectrums if you're a purist) and that's because I'm trying to see how & where I can use a new pick. My first pick was a shark fin and I loved all of the ways you could hit the strings with those picks. Now we have the BEEHOLD picks.What I like about this pick is the 'stinger' or the longer point to hit the strings with. Sure the octagon hole in the center makes it less of a challenge to hold on to but that's not been much of a hindrance to me. Rather this pick's design makes it easier for my holding hand to hit the strings without my palm's fleshy part accidentally touching the strings.I found running leads & scales with this pick to be a delight! I like heavier picks so I chose the 1 0 mm as that was the size I started off with from my first guitar teacher who recommended heavy picks. I've found this pick to be great for strumming & rhythm patterns equally as well as for serious lead playing.Another thing is that with the design, I've found that I need not squeeze this pick as hard as I have to like I do with a Tortex pick and that makes playing so much more fun.Overall I give this pick 5 out of 5 stars & will be using these for many years to come. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gomer review  I like this pick ,the hole helps from the pick sliding on your fingers , its not soft or to hard of a pick ,,I like it, overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeffrey Riedy review Bought this pick looking for options around the old \"dropped pick\" syndrome. I was skeptical, as the pick at first glance seems slicker than most. However, once between thumb and index finger, these darlings hang on! overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael K. Mcneill review  Not my favorite pick but pretty close, they are solid and haven't dropped one yet..I wish someone would make a grippy texture pick with a hole in it too... overallrating 4   lineend
name Robert I. Hedges review I have recently come back to the guitar after several years on hiatus. I have several bad habits, including a tendency to need to grip the pick too tightly or I drop it at some point. On a bit of a lark I bought a pack of the Clayton BeeHolds (0.5mm,) and really like them. The hexagonal hole really does make them stay in place with much less grip required, and I find the hole to be in a very natural-feeling spot. The pick is fairly long, but I have not had any accuracy problems with them, and so far durability has been good.I still use other picks too, but I really like these and can't imagine not keeping an ample supply on hand. overallrating 5   lineend
name UncleHammy review  I wanted to try the Clayton Beehold picks to see if the hole would help me grip the pick better so that it doesn't rotate in my hand.The .80 pick is a little too heavy for my style of playing but the hole is a neat idea and did seem to help a bit, but I gave up on the pick pretty quickly due to the stiffness. overallrating 3   lineend
name Billy The Kid review This holder grips the IPad tightly so a sudden fall is not an issue.  The rotation to vertical is good but it would be nice if it went both left or right.  Because the arms don't collapse it's a bit bulky to transport in a gear bag but its positive clamping offsets that issue. I've seen some with folding arms that have dropped IPads suddenly because something came loose.  Where I fell down was not ordering the K and M clamp arm that comes as a package under a different order number.  I've since seen that arm in use and it would improve the versatility of this unit, though the package is pretty spendy. I could not order that arm separately.  I mounted this holder onto a short mic stand by using two mic stand quick releases - one for the holder and one for the mic stand boom arm. Then the whole thing breaks down quickly to stuff into a bag. overallrating 4   lineend
name Gutjammer review It is well made and is very safe unless a drunk drummer knocks over your stand. I would prefer more tilt, but it serves the purpose. It's Also harder to use your iPad without holding it and having an arm rest. Very durable and light weight. If I had to do it over again, I would use a music stand instead. Someday I may use it on stage. It's made in Germany, so it could be taken into battle. overallrating 3   lineend
name kgbak review My ipad lives on this thing!  I might be considered the laziest person around but I use a mic stand to place my ipad over my head so I can watch movies in bed while laying down.  I sometimes feel like I'm in a spaceship when I go to interact with my ipad.  I do wish it could rotate both directions.  It only goes from hamburger style to hotdog style by way of a right turn which is great if the stand sits on the right side of the bed.  But if you sleep on the left you're gonna have a bad time... overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark review This holder is rigid, well built, rugged and works great at what it does...holding my iPad2.  I play guitar and like to use my tuner app and scale app, metronome and other apps and having this hold my iPad so I can adjust it and see it clearly where I want it is nice.  Great product, highly recommend. overallrating 5   lineend
name Slowleadmccey review I had been using a regular music stand for my ipad but our stage is a little bouncy, so i wanted something that would grip the iPad.  this stand does the trick.  I don't have to worry anymore about my iPad falling off of the stand.  Some people have said that it's not as safe when you rotate it to the portrait position.  I have not found that to be true.  Since I've had the stand, I have never droped the iPad out of it.  A lot of the other clips clamp on to the stand with the mic.  Because of the way that I stand with my guitar, it's hard for me to see the thing when I use the clamp kind.  This one uses the Mic clip treads and because it's on it's own stand, I can put it anywhere, at any height and see the iPad.  The only drawback is, you can't have your iPad in a case.  Or you have to find a case that's ultra thin.  Otherwise it's great! overallrating 5   lineend
name Carver review   is for the (JOYO CRUNCH DISTORTION)  I have a few OD's including a OCD, a fuzz and a modded Rat but thought for $30 bucks from Crazy Cart this might be a cool distortion pedal. And it is. It's very articulate and gives you good Marshally 70s/80s crunch. Cleans up nice with the guitars volume and retains your guitars sound. It's almost OD-ish in it's responsiveness. It's not super heavy distortion though. I'm a blues/classic rock guy and it'll do fine for heavy, classic rock distortion but it's not a modern metal pedal. For the price its amazing. I really love it. I'm so impressed with this pedal that I've ordered the Sweet Baby and will probably get a couple of others while they're still cheap. overallrating 5   lineend
name carvinone review  This is supposedly a clone of the MI Audio Crunch Box.  I can not comment on this as I have never played this pedal.  What I can say however with 30 years playing experience is that this is a very good pedal.  When one takes into account the price it is a great pedal.  I own this the classic overdrive and the ultimate overdrive by joyo.  This has the most distortion.  It has a nice ragged edge to it and is great for classic to hard rock.  It does have a bit of noise at high gain but much less than the boss stuff I have had experience with. It is solidly built and apprears road worthy.  great pedal and great value. I would have no hesitation buying this or any other joyo product overallrating 5   lineend
name Charlo review Great clone of a much more expensive Crunch Box pedal.  True bypass.  Knobs and switch are sturdy.  Great for amps that have only a master volume and no gain knob because you can dial in the dirt at bedroom levels.  This is a Marshall type distortion (more mids, less scooped).  No Brutalzzz - there are better pedals to cop the scooped 5150 or triple rectofier kachunky palm muting downtuned type thing, but you can get close with the right amp EQ and this thing dimed.  I agree with another reviewer- this thing has a very high output- so be forewarned the first time you plug in.  Unity is around 8 o'clock on the level knob.  It gets thumbs up for the sound/price ratio.  If you don't mind a longer shipping time, these pedals can be found more cheaply by searching the web.  This was my fourth Joyo pedal and I believe Joyo and the Dano Cool Cat line are some of the better deals going these days in terms of price/quality. overallrating 4   lineend
name C. Hill review  This Joyo JF-03 Crunch Distortion pedal is just amazing! My son has become a fairly decent guitar player over the past year and is moving beyond the basics, so was thrilled to get his hands on this distortion pedal. It was great to hear him play \"Iron Man\" through this pedal, it made a huge difference.The pedal produces a rich sound that has a nice sustain and tweaks easily with the three adjustment knobs (Gain, Volume, and Tone). This is also a very solidly constructed pedal that will hold up well to a lot of abuse. At the loudest settings there is a bit of \"hiss\ but it is easy to find where it starts and dial it back a bit.Highly Recommended!CFHEvaluation unit provided by manufacturer. overallrating 5   lineend
name Claudia A. Portillo review not bla bla bla, this joyo pedals are the best, any you get. that's it! thank u joyo im your number 1 customer. overallrating 5   lineend
name fotoguy review Good:  Plenty of gain on hand.  Lots of sustain!This thing can get really loud.  It gives yourinexpensive tube amp that Marshall crunch.Built well, it's casing is made out of metal, not plastic.Inexpensive but performs and sounds just as well asboutique boxes costing 3 times as much.  If you're lookingfor your first cheap distortion pedal, forget the Boss DS-1 andget this one!  Well worth the money.Bad:  Adds a little noise & hiss specially to single coils (strats & teles).You might need to use a noise gate to tame the noise.Quieter with humbuckers but hums when I use it with my Xotic EP Booster whichI always keep on.  It doesn't happen when I boost my overdrives (OCD & Hardwire CM-2).If you move farther away from your amp, the hum disappears butyou can still hear some noise.  I guess this is typical for distortion boxes.No need to boost it though, it already has that thick & big sound to start with.It didn't come with a 9V battery as shipped, not a big deal 'cause I use a poweradapter anyway. overallrating 4   lineend
name Garot M. Conklin review I really like this one as a pre to my Fender Superchamp X2 head, especially on the distortion channel.  It really adds some nice tone and lots of overtones... the only thing to be careful of is the tone knob as that is a HUGE sweeping circuit.  I was not able to get it even close to 1/2 way without it being just ugly, but that might be preference.  Also of note is that I ran my Fender Mustang bass guitar through this (active pickups) and I loved the grit that it gave the sound.  This is a great pedal for the $$ and it feels heavy and solid like any major brand.  Very nice work Joyo, I will be buying more of your pedals for sure. overallrating 5   lineend
name giubaloo review This pedal is amazing. It is a very good sounding distortion pedal, seems to be very sturdy and the price is absolutely unbeatable. For $30 there is no reason not to try it. You won't be disappointed if you do! overallrating 5   lineend
name groovemachine review If you hate fuzzy distortion then you will love this pedal I had a boss ds 1 and metal zone mt 2 and did not like them much because they're so fizzy they are ok but this pedal sonically sounds so much better to me. it does plexi tones very well on lower gain settings and full on Marshall crunch on higher settings if that is what you're looking for then this is for you. it offers rugged construction and true bypass. the only problem I have had is that unity gain is at around 9 o clock this pedal is hot and has lots of head room props to joyo for this mi crunch box clone. overallrating 5   lineend
name jimmy three review this pedal ...i tried it out thru a silver face fender twin...wow, it cranks,..!..it really will produce marshall plexi tones....especially noticeable in the lower registers...on the E and A strings...if you want a marshall  stack sound , this is it,,,if you wanty a variety , i would recommend using this in line with one or two other distortions, so you can chose any amp sound you need,,,really people, for these prices i bought one of every pedal these guys make...and they all are super,,! overallrating 5   lineend
name kenb review I've been very happy with all of my Joyo pedal's I've gotten, but I really love this one.  I use it with a crate amp with a tube pre-amp on the clean channel with my strat and it sounds great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael J. Sammut review A bought this pedal to see how such a cheap stomp box could get such great reviews.  Plugging it in and playing it for 5 minutes one can see.  It has tons of gain on tap, it responds well to the guitars volume knob, it creates a wall of overdriven amp tonal love.The pedal cuts through and is articulate.  It's not for modern metal but it can do any kind of hard rock.  Think AC/DC and Van Halen to Metallica.  It's a classic rock pedal that screams!!!Buy it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Diamond review This pedal is very easy to use!  Retro sound is rich with harmonics- does have the Marshall sound- very satisfied! overallrating 5   lineend
name Otto Correct review According to the ad copy, this pedal review ers will testify, it does indeed do just that.What I'm loving about this pedal is that it really is very amp like.  Dial back the volume on your guitar and it cleans up.  Its responsive to your picking attack, its distortion is very very harmonically rich, and it does give you a Marshall type sound, good boost in the mids and bass, giving your tone the sonic density that those amps are famous for.Sad to say, it actually does the full-stack thing better than my ProCo Rat, which has for years been my favorite distortion pedal.  The Rat is fantastic and I have no plans to sell mine, don't get me wrong, but the Crunch Distortion can get the raging full-stack tones the Rat can, but has a tighter bottom end, less noise, and a more open sound than the Rat.  Individual notes ring out great on the Crunch Distortion.  Its a great pedal period.  Its a darn guitar miracle at $40.As a side point, I play lots of Ramones stuff and this pedal, more than any other, gives me that awesome Johnny Ramone tone.  I was running my gold-top with P-90's into this pedal, then into the sparkling clean '65 twin reverb setting on my Fender Mustang II (this pedal plays well with modeling amps, which is a rarity, let me tell you) and with some tweaking I was getting a FANTASTIC Ramones tone, better than I've ever got with my Rat, my Boss DS-1, DS-2, HM-2, ANYTHING else I've owned (and I've owned over 2 dozen other dirt boxes over the years).  This is the pedal that finally did it, it just nails that cranked 70's Marshall stack sound.My hat's off to Joyo.  They made a fantastic distortion, one of the very best I've ever played, and they're practically giving it away.  Buy one, you'll use it, you'll love it, you'll be happy you bought it. overallrating 5   lineend
name purnielou review i own this pedal and the one it is cloned from. there is no difference in the sound at all. this pedal is a hot rodded marshall in  a box.it does 80's hair band and 80's metal very well.if you're looking for those sounds you will not be dissapointedif you are looking for more variety of marshall sounds and the authentic &#34;plexi&#34; or &#34;brown&#34; sound get the joyo british. it nails those sounds well. overallrating 4   lineend
name S. review JCM800 in a 30 dollar box? Not quite.  You can't really get there without actual tubes being distorted.To me, its good for getting that kind of over the top, wild 80s midrangey Marshall sound.  To me though, it sounds too much like a pedal, and not enough like the real deal.  To me, the Hot Plexi sounds more \"real\ closer than this.  That being said, this pedal can be cleaner than the hot plexi.BUT, if you turn the tone down, and scoop your amps mids significantly (I'm talking about 2 of 10 on the knob, where 0 of 10 is too much and gives you \"Kill em all\" style hollowness that isn't good), it gives a nice dark, throaty, lower-mid rich tone that would be great for metal.  Yes, you're not supposed to scoop the mids on the amp, but this pedal is nothing but mids and scooping them tames the fizzyness.  So it's like Ghostbusters ....sometimes you just gotta cross the streams, and it works to filter out some of the harshness. I'm not even talking about Vintage Metallica scooped, its just scooped enough so it doesn't sound harsh in the high end and mids and sounds more like the Black Sabbath to Scandinavian metal tone I like to dial in (basically dark and dry, has a ton of mids but doesn't sound like Boston at all).I use it with a Marshall Class Five, pedal's tone at about 3 of 10.  Amps tone controls (Marshall Class 5 through a 4x12) at Bass 3, Mids 1 or 2, treble 6, set to headphone mode for a darker tone. overallrating 4   lineend
name StormJH1 review I've reviewed several Joyo pedals now and have loved almost all of them...not just because of the price ($40 to $50), but also because of their (apparent) durability and tone quality that would be appreciated at any price.  But ultimately, I decided that this is somewhere between a 4  and 5 review, and I just can't give it the 5 review I've given the other Joyo products I've tried out thus far.  Extremely high output and high sustain  When I first plugged this thing in, I had it set up similar to any other distortion pedal I would try out with my Les Paul and VOX combo amp - with the dials all at 12 o'clock (50%).  Big mistake.  This pedal has an EXTREMELY high output.  Depending on the Gain setting, I was achieving output parity with the clean signal with the Volume set at around 25%.  This isn't necessarily a bad thing, and it's certainly better than having no headroom to set the pedal louder (a frequent criticism of the BOSS DS-1), but it's something to be aware of.Also, I read several comments here that this review  ers talked about does exist, but only at around 5% to 15% of the gain setting.  And I had the tone knob generally working from 9 o' clock to 12 o'clock, as it got a little too bright to go any higher.  (Again, this is with Les Paul humbuckers.)  Ultimately, what I decided was that this pedal has enough bass, not too much in the midrange, and very distinct high end frequencies that come through very clearly.  If you play gigs and are having trouble cutting through the other instruments, I'd imagine this pedal would do the trick!  It's costs less than half of many of it's true \"competitors\"  While the affordability aspect is distinct from \"quality\ it cannot be ignored.  Part of my initial disappointment was based on a side-by-side comparison with my MXR '78 Custom Badass Distortion.  The latter did have a fuller sound to it, and was arguably better for rhythm work.  But that's an $80 custom shop pedal from MXR.  Try comparing this pedal to a $40 Boss DS-1 or MXR Distortion + and it blows them out of the water (in my opinion).  I'm not sure want to roll with the Crunch Distortion being the only dirt box on my board, but if you used it with a specific purpose in mind (like a lead/gain boost), you could afford this and Joyo's excellent \"Ultimate Drive\" overdrive pedal for still less than most boutique or even BOSS distortion pedals go for.UPDATE - About a week into owning this pedal, I did revise this score from a 5  to a 4  rating.  If you graded the pedal in a \"vacuum\ I could absolutely see a 5  rating for the $40 price tag.  But ultimately, there are just a few more problems and quirks about this pedal that I haven't had with other Joyo products, so the score should reflect that.  Please note also (which I didn't realize before) that the internal trim pot for \"presence\" is NOT easily accessible unless you are prepared to remove the circuit board and the three jacks that are connected to it.  A distributor confirmed for me that this is necessary if you want to make the adjustment, and I have no interest in trying to take apart fragile components for a small change that might not even do anything. overallrating 4   lineend
name An Engineer review So I agree that this pedal sounds good and the construction is very solid.However, I like to play at a substantially high volume for recording. To my surprise I hear radio noises. I tried different power supplies at different locations thru different amps and pedal boards.  Sadly the radio noise is present at high gain applications.this pedal sounds great nevertheless and worth the money. It is just you do really get what you pay for overallrating 3   lineend
name carvinone review  s on these pedals. basically the vintage overdrive is a tube screamer. the crunch is a fairly high gain distortion pedal and this pedal is inbetween.It is built solidly and looks roadworthy.  It has reasonably decent components and it sounds great.  Is it of the same caliber as a $150 boutique pedal - no but it is pretty darn good esp for the asking price.  I WOULD HAVE NO ISSUE GIGGING WITH THIS UNIT.  The distortion is warm with the tone at 12 with plenty of tonal variation available and plenty of distortion variance available.  Lots of sounds in this unit.  And very very quiet.  Nice thickness to the sound with good bass and less ragged than the crunch distortion if that makes sense.  Much quieter than the other two pedals mentioned.  For classic rock  this is perfect.  maybe even metal but would go with the crunch distortion for thatOverall no concerns with this great product! overallrating 5   lineend
name Charlo review This pedal lives up to the hype. Distortion-wise, it delivers something in between a tubescreamer type OD and a full on distortion (like a Crunchbox or Rat).  I checked out several Youtube demonstrations before I took the plunge on this one.  I think the tone is actually much better in person than it appeared in the videos - more transparent and organic sounding. I have owned the Fulltone OCD in the past and this pedal is nearly identical sounding if my memory serves me correctly.  I also own a V1 Dano Cool Cat OD - which is an excellent OCD-ish pedal- but this one is getting more action these days.  I am running this into the front of either a Palomino V32 or a Jet City 20 watt combo with the amps set up just on the verge of breakup.  The pedal also plays well with others-  I am getting nice lead tones by running a TS type of OD into the front of this one.  The JF-02 is a really nice dirtbox - and not just for the price.  The fact that you can own it for 40 clams or less makes it a no-brainer for those of you who (like myself) are addicted to dirtboxes.  I have noticed some price gouging with  a few vendors on here.  Shop around.  I knew the build quality was decent because I own the Joyo Vintage Overdrive and they are both built like bricks. overallrating 5   lineend
name Christopher Graham review I'm a 4 string rock bass player that has purchased a LOT of overdrive and fuzz pedals. Most of the overdrive pedals work very poorly on bass. They typically lose the low end or otherwise suck the punch and power out of the tone, are too fizzy and clanky in the top end, don't provide enough dynamics, or don't provide enough gain variation and are really more fuzz than overdrive.This incredible inexpensive box really nails it. You get everything from barely there overdrive to serious overdrive approaching fuzz, all with a great bass tone, with lots of your original dynamics without requiring a clean blend, and a usable tone knob to tweak to your liking.The downside is you have to live with yourself knowing that Joyo blatantly copies other designers circuits. The whole wheat side of me dislikes knowing this is an OCD ripoff. The frosted side of me loves that I saved a LOT of money buying this ripoff. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dan Dreifort review  s, my guess is that I just got a dud and that most of them are okay. overallrating 3   lineend
name Dennis M review The Joyo Ultimate Overdrive is simply a great pedal. Tone adjustment is precise. The bright switch is an added bonus. Having that in place lends to greater tones and harmonics from this pedal. Construction is first rate and there is absolutly no hum, hiss, loss of signal, nor any excessive coloring of your signal. In short you get 100% drive that has a very broad range to work from. Through a tube amp it just extends the sound to levels that were not possible using the amp's gain alone. Impressive! I can clearly see why so many have stated that this pedal is so good. It just is. I'm not one to argue over perfection, and neither should anyone else that plays guitar and cares about their tone and gear. This one is a winner, hands down!And I'm not a new player either, been at it for nearly 5 decades now. I know tone, and have had great, and not so great gear. This one is a keeper! It handles everything from easy overdrive to nearly all out metal (not a metal pedal though) but it gets that drive from those huge amps of the 70's right on the money. Versatile. Smooth. Easy to dial in. What's not to like here? Forget your \"boutique\" pedals and save tons of money and get a great pedal. overallrating 5   lineend
name Don B review This is supposed to be an Fulltone OCD clone, but to me, it sounds a bit better than the OCD, and worse.Has more low end and a smoother mid that the OCD. Thought isnt nearly as dymanic as the OCD, that may not be a good thing though, depending on your taste.If I turn the gain up past 9 o'clock, the pedal sounds more like a fuzz than an overdrive, and kills the dynamics.Thats a good thing and bad, as I like a fuzz tone, but thats not what I bought the pedal for.Overall I can live with it, its well built, sounds good and the price is unbeatable. overallrating 5   lineend
name From Detroit review I needed a phaser, and saw that the Joyo Vintage Phaser was rated well, and super cheap, so I bought it.  I was EXTREMELY impressed with it, and did some further research into their pedals.  This was one of their top-rated pedals, so I figured I'd give it a go.  I have to say that I am fairy impressed!  I get a wide range of tones coming out of this little box - anything from a light fuzz to a vintage-style high gain.  You won't get a modern metal crunch from it, so if that's what you're looking for, look elsewhere.  If you want a nice distortion to replicate stuff from the 70's and 80's, then this is a great bet.  This pedal is currently plugged in, and I suspect that I'll keep it as part of my rig (unless I happen to get rich and find a nicer, boutique pedal, or get around to modding my other pedals.)As a reference:  I own several Boss distortion/over drive pedals (Japanese DS-1, SD-1, OD-3 and MT-2.)  I The Joyo JF-02 and OD-3 are the two drive pedals that I have hooked up, since they are by far the best sounding and most versatile drive pedals that I currently own.A side-note for the tone-freaks:  The peddle does seem to be a bit muddy.  It's great for jamming out power chords, but not so articulate when you're arpeggiating chords. (Still noticeable when you back off the gain on the pedal but crank the volume on the amp.) overallrating 4   lineend
name Garot M. Conklin review I really liked this one.  I bought the Crunch Distortion at the same time and these are complimentary to each other as well as nice standalone.  I very much like how Joyo has reproduced some great sounding pedals for amazingly low prices and seemingly high quality for the average guitarist that just cannot afford to spend thousands on these overpriced \"boutique\" pedals.  I will continue to buy these products from Joyo until I find something wrong with them and at present I have nothing to bitch about at all here.  Sound wise this is a big phat heavy sound.  As an example, this is the JF-02 and JF-03 on guitar and the JF-03 on the bass as well running through the clean channel of a Line 6 Spider:[...]Buy this/these pedals and all things from Joyo, they are worth every penny. overallrating 5   lineend
name groovemachine review this is a great pedal I would suggest it to anyone looking to get a pedal that would do overdrive and distortion it is a little more on the gain side and has a fizzy characteristic not to fuzzy however imo. Its fairly responsive too and the eq is opposite of say a tube screamers pronounced mids so rather flat eq. Plenty of volume and is a clone of the fulltone OCD if you want overdrive that doesn't sound like a tube screamer than this is for you. And botique quality at paupers price.true bypass so no tone loss props to joyo. P.s. crunch distortion is also an awesome pedal by joyo which does plexi tones well and is very crunchy. overallrating 4   lineend
name Guitarman review No way this thing cost lest than $40.  I needed a small pedal board and didnt want to put a lot of money into pedals so I gave the Joyo pedals a try and I am pleasently surprised.  This compares very closely to my high end OD pedals I own...in a metal case???? BONUS.  I'm super happy with my Joyo pedals. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hambone73 review This is a pretty hot pedal! Honestly, I have compared this against a Suhr Riot Distortion and an MXR Classic Distortion and quality wise, it is REALLY, REALLY hard to not hear the difference in terms of quality, tone, distortion / overdrive. Great price and well made. Joyo...nice job here! overallrating 5   lineend
name Jacy D. Gillum review I did not think a pedal under 40 bucks could sound this good. It does. You have to try it to believe it. I don't like the demonic face on the front though, so I knocked off a star. Otherwise it would be an easy 5 stars. overallrating 4   lineend
name JBIZZLE review I have heard good things regarding this pedal so I was always interested, but never pulled the trigger on purchasing it. When a buddy of mine who happens to be a professional musician began talking about it, I said I think I'd better check this out.IM GLAD I DID!boys and girls time to break open the walletsgreat tone and drive within this little boxyou'll be adding it to the board just like I did overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael J. Sammut review Thick, harmonically rich, articulate overdrive.  Amazing sustain, booming bass, even mids, chrystal highs.The pedal responds well to the guitar's volume and easily replaces my holy fire, custom badass od, and every other OD I have.How this pedal is so cheap is beyond me.  Just buy it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul Hawthorne review  JF-02:OMFG! No need to get all OCD about emptying your Full wallet to get the Tone needed! I tried this on Strats, an LP, & a Harrington, through my slightly modded VC5212(Webber speakers)tube amp; clean channel. No hum, noisiness,,built solid. The English instructions aren't really useful as the pedal itself is self-explanatory.I'm possibly half deaf but have been doing this for 20+ years. I'll be experimenting with a tube pre and running through a solid state to see what happens. There are many factors that make tone and this is only a small part of it. Your attitude and hands create the sound in the end. A pedal does not make you play better, practice does. If you are familiar with the OCD or can get one and a/b side by side it, you'll be amazed. Cool looking pedal box to boot. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul McDermitt review  Like many others wanted the brand name pedal, drooled over it for years, just can't pull the trigger on a $130 pedal. Bought this instead and it plain rocks. I put my pedals through three tests, 1) playing alone, 2) Playing at rehearsal, and 3) gigs. This thing stands up nicely on all three. Using it with Am Sp Tele, Hiway 1 Strat, Squier 51, Epi LP Spec w/p/90 and Fender BJ, Peavey Classic 30/50. Sounds amazing in any combo. Using it as my gain along with the Joyo Vintage OD, for lead boosts. Killer set up. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pa user review Just for the thickness of the sound this little jewel makes, it was worth giving this box a try. As someone else previously mentioned, set in a tube breakup setting , this device still is a little fuzzy. The tone, none the less, is very usable and sounds great. I'm a  happy customer and am sure most anyone else will be as well. Thanks for reading this. overallrating 5   lineend
name purnielou review 50+ years playingmy pedal is unuseablethe lower strings are all mush at any gain or eq settingread all the good reviews and watched all the videosmine sounds nothing like themmaybe defectivei also own the joyo british and joyo crunch and they are flawless overallrating 1   lineend
name Scottro review I've had this for nearly a year and I have no complaints. Works perfectly. Sounds awesome. Lots of gain, tons more than my Boss SD-1 w/the Monte Allums SD808 mod.  If lost or stolen, I'd buy another. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review Let's get a few things straight from the start - I love effects pedals.  I love the idea of a handcrafted boutique pedal (and have owned a few), and I'll also play the mass-produced BOSS and Ibanez stuff.  And if you put foreign/no-name brand in front of me, but the pedal is made well and sounds GOOD, I'll play that too.  All you need to know is that this pedal is well-constructed and sounds darn good for 40 dollars.Joyo is a Chinese company that essentially has makes their own form factor (a heavy-duty metal box with an MXR-like button switcher), and then clones/mimics/copies circuitry of popular boutique pedals that cost anywhere from $100 to $250.  And they've figured out how to ship them to the U.S. and sell them for $40 to $60 each.  I've recently discovered these pedals, and if money/pedalboard space were no issue, there's probably 8 to 12 of them I'd like to own.The \"star\" of the Joyo lineup, however, is arguably the JF-02 Ultimate Drive.  This pedal got some notoriety a few years back when an American company bought them in bulk, repainted them, and tried to sell them for almost $200.  The fact that they thought they could get that much for it tells you something about the quality.The pedal this is supposedly clone off of is the Fulltone OCD Overdrive, a boutique pedal that came out several years ago, and usually sells from around $150.  I own that pedal, and I've done a side by side comparison on my pedal board.  And while tone is EXTREMELY subjective, I'm not sure that I wouldn't go with the Joyo Ultimate Drive in a blind test.  While the 3-knob, Lo/Hi switch are clearly inspired by the Fulltone OCD, the pedals actually sound quite different.  With the exact same settings, the Fulltone will actually sound much brighter.  That's really saying something because the Fulltone is known as having a very well-rounded tone with a defined base.  Well, the Ultimate Drive offers even more bass and mids, yet the Tone knob can brighten it up quite a bit without losing that bottom end.It's actually extremely versatile.  I'm not sure that it would do low-gain \"crunch\" sounds very well, but if that's what you want, consider the Joyo Vintage Overdrive, the Joyo Crunch Distortion, or a Tubescreamer.  Right now, I have three pedals that are fairly similar and offer a great \"overdriven Marshall\" tone: The Fulltone, the Ultimate Drive, and the Marshall GV-2 Guv'nor.  While they are all great pedals, the Joyo really hits the sweet spot on my Vox Combo amp (using a Gibson Les Paul).As for soloing/lead play, I'm noticing all types of pick attack/harmonic response with the Joyo that I don't get with other stompboxes.  It really does act and feel like an onboard overdrive channel.  If you point all the knobs at 12 o' clock, some people may think it is muddy, but that Tone knob really does change the character quite a bit.  Sorry for the long rant, but I want people to know that just because you can't afford $150+ on a single pedal doesn't mean you can't enjoy a great overdrive stomp box.  Check the JF-02 out - it just might be your \"gateway drug\" to other Joyo pedals! overallrating 5   lineend
name StratDude review Until today.  I do not own the Fulltone pedal that this product was designed to replicate, but you can search YouTube and see several comparisons and there is no audible difference.  Aside from that, this pedal is quite awesome on its own merit.  It's not a \"metal\" type distortion, but it nicely covers everything else.  I play an Ibanez Artcore through a Vox AC15 in a Christian band and set with just a small amount of drive, at about the 9:00 position, this pedal does not add color to your signal and the sound of your amp shines through nicely.  That's the whole point - the reason we choose a certain amp is because we like the way it sounds, so when we push it with an overdrive pedal we don't want it to change the sound of the amp, we simply want to kick it in the rump a little.  Or a lot.  And the Ultimate Drive does it nicely.  The drive could best be described as somewhat gritty and smooth at the same time, like sand in a smoothie.  Driven hard it gives plenty of nice harmonic overtones.  But I think it sounds best with just a small amount of kick, right into a tube amp.  I'm not exactly bringing home tons of money, so it's nice to see that there are pedals designed to give great tone to even tightwads like myself.  The only thing that I could consider to be a downside is the stupid graphic of Satan, Darth Maul, Gene Simmons, or whatever that thing is that's painted on the metal case.  Other than that, if you're in the market for a \"boutique-style\" overdrive at about 1/3 the cost, you've found it. ONE FINAL NOTE: One unexpected benefit of this pedal is that the overdrive does wonders with a single-coil strat.  Really.  It gives it a nice fat crunch while somehow retaining the strat tone.  I can't think of any other pedals I've owned that could do this.  SECOND FINAL NOTE:  I'm almost embarrassed to admit this, but I also played it through a cheap solid state Fender Frontman 25R and it sounded great even through that piece of rubbish.  As a Christian musician, I can say that this may not exactly qualify as a miracle, but it's pretty close. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Trivoli review Put this through an AC30C2 and prepare to be amazed. Never owned an OCD but I don't need to. My neighbors I'm sure are not pleased. Many have decribed this pedal and there is nothing else like it at this price point! It's your guitar on steriods. Crisp deplication of it with bass, treble and a little hair on it. That's at the 25% gain setting. Flip from low to high micro switch and hold on to your balls. From nasty blues to Steppenwolf you will have it covered. overallrating 5   lineend
name the goat review people say its an ocd clone.  it sounds very similar.  i think it might be slightly rawer around the edges, but its a very subtle thing.  all in all, i'm happy with it.  knobs are very responsive and it offers a wide range of tones.  good pedal to add. overallrating 5   lineend
name William B. Mattes review  I can't compare it (as others have done) with the OCD, but it simply gives me an overdrive that I love. I have several other OD pedals: Tube Screamer, LovePedal Kalamazoo and even a cheap Danelectro DS-1. The JF-02 is truly my favorite right now. I've been using it with a Strat and a Les Paul clone into either a Fender Vibro or a small Bugera V5. It serves up great tones into either one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Matt review You really have to play around with all the knobs to find the perfect tone, I was able to sort of dial in a nice Marshall '80s alt-rock sound, but when you're not playing it can have a noisy wind-like feedback coming from your amp; but it can vary from amp to amp. You can fiddle with the Voice and Drive knobs to clear it up, but that usually results in a drop in your overdrive or distorted sound. But to be perfectly honest, it's pretty impressive the sound you get out of this for less than $40. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michelle A. Puziss review This thing sounds amazing- except for one small problem: At higher gain settings it hisses like a mother. I'm not talking about extreme settings, just gain and &#34;character&#34; (thats what Tech 21calls it- forgot what Joyo calls it) at 3 o'clock. It has a beautiful WARM singing lead tone-better than any pedal that I have owned ( and that's probably 20-30 distortion/overdrive pedals) If only it didn't hiss so much it would be my main lead pedal. If you have a Rocktron Hush or other noise gate pedal, it is worth considering. The Joyo is an EXACT clone of the Tech 21British pedal, which costs $189 (?). I don't know it the tech 21 has the same hissing problem or not. overallrating 4   lineend
name Pa user review I bought this with the idea I was getting a pedal that would give me usable Marshall amp sounds. After trying for a couple of hours, I find that it won't do that. I guess my combination of guitar and amplifier wasn't meant to be used with this pedal. The guy who mentioned in the reviews about the sound getting thinner as you turn up the voice control, he was spot on about that (very annoying effect). Nothing but praise goes to the supplier ( KDM Distributors) . They did a fine job getting the pedal to me across the country. But the pedal itself, not for me. overallrating 2   lineend
name Peter A. Andolfi review  This pedal solved my problem with my amp. After 13 years of messing about with my Mesa Boogie  realizing the the California sound is not what I truly like and kicked myself in the ass for not buy a Marshall or VOX this pedal  has given me the ability to make my amp sound like a Marshall or VOX.  One can say all kinds of things about quality but for $31 0 it made me even more versatile. It needs to be in front of a tube amp... overallrating 5   lineend
name PLaBorde review This one is easy - buy it! I've owned many effects over 32yrs playing . . . some ok, some didn't last 48 hours, others never parted with - this one fits in that category. Gives excellent range of Marshall emulated sounds overallrating 5   lineend
name purnielou review been playing over 50 yearsowned it all 3 or 4 times :)pedals out the wazoothis is the cats meow if you want a marshall in a boxset your amp up cleanspend 5 minutes finding the sweet spotplay till your fingers hurt.....i own the tech 21 britishdid a side by sidecan hear NO differencei dialed in the early VH brown sound in minutesand thats where i left itcleans up with the vol knobresponds well to pick attackdo not hesitate, this pedal is a winner overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review I revised a previous 4-star review after playing with the Joyo British some more and especially after using it for direct line-in recording.  I now rate it at 5 stars.The phrase review  ers noted, the Voice control seems exactly backwards of what it should be - turning clockwise makes it sound thinner.  On the other three Joyo Sound pedals, the opposite is true.  Functionally, this really should mean nothing, but it does make it a bit more confusing to dial in.If you read the manual for the Tech21 British (upon which this pedal is supposedly cloned), they claim that 9:00 on the Voice/Character knob would be JTM/Bluesbreaker territory, 12:00 would be Plexi, and anything above that gives you the \"presence boost of a 70's Metalface\".  I haven't tried all those amps, but perhaps it's meant to brighten up as you turn it up, and that's just a design choice.I think it's possible to get the \"Marshall\" tone you want out of this thing, but you have to work the EQ knobs with each adjustment of the Voice knob.  At this price, hard to complain too much. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bryan Harvey review For a cheap pedal I gave this a try.  Very versitle.  Can get many different types of sounds and drive from it.  The knobs are a little tight, but that just makes feel tough I guess.  I like much more than the Joyo fuzz.  THis can give some cleans and drive to distortion.  You really need to work with it a bit with your amp and find that sweet spot.Certainly not the best overdrive, distortion, or effects pedal I have used.  But for the budget I do receomend it.  It is cheap and very has a good range of tone options.  I ran it into a Fender Camp 600 and they seemed to get along well.Hope this helps. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mick R. review Well built.Not plastic or cheaply constructed like some pedals out.Has a good selection tones and voicing knobs really does a lot to effect sound.Simple to use. Great variety of uses for it. I like the layout of controls as well.Only bad point for me is the location of the adapter input it's on the right side,I'd prefer it to be on the top end like my other pedals. Other then that nothing I'd change. Loyal Joyo pedal user. They've got a great product for the price point. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul Hawthorne review  s all over the net. The JF-15 was a curiosity purchase. I was able to dial in sounds of Anthrax, Stryper, stratty Buddy Guy blues(remember he uses a metal finger tip clip at times-works with Pickboy metal picks), the 'dad friendly' radio rock sounds of Nickelback, Daughtry; Foo Fighters....to get your Marshall sounds takes a bit of work, but I use their Blues Breaker II reissue, Reflector and sometimes the crushing JackHammer(a BBII with more options and gain). I also use a digitech valve Hardwire for vintage 70's rock or switched to 'saturation' and mid scooped for the Pantera sounds. So, in closing, this pedal can do a lot to change the character of your amp to a Boogieish sound if you know what you're doing for the sound your leaning to. overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review I was very anxious to get this pedal in the mail and try it out so that I could write a review of my own.  The reviews on all Joyo products are extremely polarizing.  Some people love them and think they're every bit as good as boutique pedals costing three times as much, while other people (including a significant portion of the hardcore techie community) despise the whole concept and wish they didn't exist.  Having tried out this specific product - the Joyo JF-15 California - I can tell you that I'm extremely impressed for only having spent $40 to $50.First, a word about Joyo.  Joyo is a Chinese company, which for a lot of people loyal to American products, starts them off on the wrong foot.  Further adding to the controversy is the fact that many Joyo pedals appear to have virtually copied the circuitry of well-known Western boutique pedals, such as the Fulltone OCD ( review  s while I was doing research.  I can't promise everyone will like it, but considering the poor quality of the $40 pedals I used to buy from DOD, Danelectro, and Ibanez SoundTank growing up, it's pretty hard to regret giving the Joyo California a serious look at that same price.  Enjoy! overallrating 5   lineend
name zxrslant review  this is a pretty versitile pedal and an asset to my board... constructed of metal and button and control knobs seem sturdy enough.. i like it with the power supply/no batteries to fuss with ... nice sound overallrating 5   lineend
name Daniel Freeman review Wow, I am very surprised by this pedal. I got it with the intention of going aft that chimey AC30 tone, which it does a decent job at. I didn't realize everything else this pedal can do. You can get a very heavily distorted full on rock crunch out of it no problem. Metal, no problem, crystal clear and punchy, no problem, super crispy tele twang, no problem.I tried it on bass and was REALLY impressed. It is eerily similar in function to my SANSAMP VT BASS pedal and gets a lovely SVT type sound quite easily with loads of bottom end. I even threw it in my bass effects chain to use as an added OD/Crunch in front of both my head/cab as well as VT BASS and PARA DRIVER. Works like a charm.Turn the VOICE control to go from smooth and thumpy to gritty and crunchy, while adding a bit of mid range response.I only wish this had a balanced XLR out in addition to the normal 1/4&#34; out. Phantom Power would be nice then also.I would easily use this in a live setting running straight to the board, though a speaker sim afterwards would really top it off nicely and help to smooth out frequency spike here and there.  I have been thinking of trying the Joyo DI wit speaker simulation for this purpose, but I just haven't gotten around to buying it yet.In my opinion you should at least check this thing out, I mean its $40 overallrating 5   lineend
name Dave review  overallrating 5   lineend
name jimmy three review this pedal is terrific.,,,it is not a pedal to make you sound like an AC-30..the name is somewhat misleading...although you can certainly eq your sound in  that direction....the real treat is the huge variety of boost, tone and gain you can dial in,.,,its mindbending....the gain is superb....not mid heavy like the hideous ibanez tube screamer..,this pedal is an audio swiss army knife... overallrating 5   lineend
name knup0127 review I love the sound of this pedal.  It's as versatile as can be.  If you want to sound like 5 Dimebag Darrels, then don't buy this pedal.  If you want a nice drive that is responsive, this is for you.  I employ this pedal more than my boss distortions and my electro harmonix distortions/overdrives.  I have noticed the on off light is intermittent, but the pedal still effects the signal either way.  For a pedal that I have stomped on so many times, I'm not even the least bit concerned.  For an inexpensive unit, this thing rules. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael J. Sammut review I bought this pedal to use in a min rig as an experiment and I love it.  I use the pedal as a preamp going into a PA or poweramp.  The pedal is hyper versatile going from clean to heavy grind.  I use a classic box clean tone with a little bit of bite.  It is quite responsive to the volume knob on the guitar.  I have a VFE Alpha Dog and an MXR Custom Badass OD before the pedal. After the pedal I use an MXR phase and Flanger, VFE Blueprint Delay and then a Byang Triverb.  When all is said and done my tone is phenomenal and no one can tell when I am not going through a more traditional amp rig.  Buy the pedal, it's great! overallrating 5   lineend
name Pa user review WOW is all i can really say. It made a good solid state amp (80's Yamaha usa-made combo) sound great and full of nice warm tones. I'm using it into the power amp section via effects loop (bypassing the yamaha preamp) and I couldn't be more happy with the results. This ranks right up there as the best money I ever spent on equipment. A definite upgrade. overallrating 5   lineend
name Stephen review This jewel does give a Vox AC tone (depending how its used). For direct recording it does. If used with an amp, maybe. But however you use it, it is sweet. overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review I'm going this stompbox as I always do, based on the quality of the pedal and what it does - not necessarily whether than tone is \"useful\" for my particular setup.  Viewed in that objective light, the Joyo JF-13 AC Tone is an excellent pedal for $40 to $45.There are two ways to think of the JF-13 and the other \"Tech 21 clones\" in this line (California, American, British Sound, etc.).  The first is the obvious one, which is to use it as a stomp box at the end of you signal chain.  This box basically takes your guitar input and any other effects you add and then tries to \"clone\" a VOX AC30 amplifier into the speaker.  How effectively it does this really depends on your settings and the quality of the amplifier it self.  At the end of the day, if your amplifier (particularly the budget, solid state ones) has certain limitations that you don't like (too bright, not loud enough, too muddy, breaks up too easily...), no pedal (including a $200 boutique one) is going to fully overcome those deficiencies.But the second way to think of the JF-13 is as a preamp, where the output would go directly into a recording device, PA system, computer, or tablet.  I don't have enough experience trying that (though I did a little bit with the Joyo California) to say how well that works, but I've heard great examples of it online.  Also, having the convenience of amp-like controls (with 6 knobs) is certainly very convenient if you like to play/record in that manner.As for the sound of the pedal, it's very good.  I've heard complaints about the pedal being noisy if you turn the gain all the way up, but I wouldn't let that concern you.  That's true of virtually any distortion/overdrive pedal, it can be cleaned up with a noise gate/suppressor, and I think the better use of this pedal is on the low- and mid-gain settings anyway.  The \"Drive\" knob is like the gain knob on an overdriven tube amp.  It's a very nice tone, responds well to picking, and cleans up well if you reduce guitar volume (which many pedal distortions do not do).  The \"Voice\" knob is hard to describe.  Basically, it morphs the tone into something deeper and \"punchier\" as you turn it up.  But that also changes the impact of all your other settings, including drive, EQ, and level.If I had one complaint about this pedal (even compared to the California, also a very cool pedal), I was a little surprised how much this pedal \"wants to be dirty\".  It's tough for me to envision leaving it on all the time if it overdrives so easily.  But, again, I think part of that is you're basically running through two preamps if you play it through a combo.  Check out some of the YouTube recordings as to how it sounds directly into a speaker or recorder - it could be completely different in that context.  At any rate, it's a very intriguing device at only $40, and I could see finding new uses for it in the future I haven't envisioned yet.UPDATE (April 2013): I actually sold this pedal, instantly regretted it, and then bought it back.  Now that I understand how to use it properly (by bypassing the preamp of my combo amp, through the effects loop), I am able to get some great sounding clean tones out of the pedal.  It really is an excellent value, either as a \"foundation pedal\" or as an emergency tool for musicians who might end up somewhere they need to plug directly into a PA/Speaker system.  I won't be letting the AC Tone go this time :) overallrating 5   lineend
name StratDude review  overallrating 5   lineend
name W. Perry review Let me start by saying... I used to work for Line 6, so I know modeling pedals!I have nearly every modeling pedal Line 6 makes,but I was looking to minimize the rig that I take with me to the bistro-size gigs that I play most of the time. In general, all I really want is the Vox AC30 tone and maybe a delay pedal or some other single effect. I use a very small ZT Lunchbox amp for this sort of thing and it's solid state, so you basically get a nice loud straight ahead tone, which is nice, but makes our cover tunes a little less 'authentic' sounding. I heard some sound samples online comparing this pedal to the Tech21 Liverpool pedal and to my ear...there wasn't a $150 difference. Very convincing and just $40! I pair this up with a Line 6 M9 and I can get most any tone I need for Beatles, Tom Petty and all of the 60's 70's tones I need. Love this pedal! overallrating 5   lineend
name Zulu Warrior review  You won't get AC tone from this because your tone is subjective because you are running through another amp head.  but if you are a tone hound and bored with same sound of same amp, this is an excellent product lifting the voice of your Amp.  Sorta like buying a Wah, flanger or other product, this essentially will provide another venue to push out tone.  Problem is is that you won't replicate a Vox sound found on a classic rock album, because what you are producing is a unique sound.  I have yet to try this through a loop. overallrating 4   lineend
name CLKiii review I bought this to tune my 12-string without using the end jack. The headstock is angled back the adjustments that this screen makes have made it easier to see and it is sensitive enough &#8220;feel&#8221; the tone of each string with only minor plucking.  I use it on Chromatic but it includes: Bass, Uke and Guitar too. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dan B. review Easy to use works as advertised, use it for my various stringed instruments. For the price I am very pleased. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dennis R. Crisp review I received the Fender Clipon Chrome Tuner in a very short time.  I know it will live up to the Finder name.  Very easy to use. overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald review Easy to use and the clip is sturdy. A bit slow compared to the Snarks I own but I like it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Electrosandwich review For a Fender licensed product, the build seems a bit on the cheap side, the plastic is kinda dollar store quality, but this tuner tunes very well, comparable to more expensive Korgs or Snarks. The screen is bright, and while it does not change color, the dial is easy to read. Buy a couple and leave one in your guitar case and another one in your car, so you can always tune up for those unexpected performances. overallrating 5   lineend
name grandpa review  I bought two of these. Small but well lighted screen. Very quick reaction to string. I liked it from the very first tuning. It is quicker and more responsive than other tuners I have that cost twice the price. It is small and doesn't look like a huge lump on the headstock.  Operates with one 3V 2032 Battery, included. I plan on buying a few more for other guitar cases and as gifts for my musician friends around birthdays and X-mas. overallrating 5   lineend
name Isaac review 5 stars because it works as its described, and has a nice display. I like this better than my old Snark. It's got a better build quality than the Snark for sure. overallrating 5   lineend
name James Dulworth review super tight, and very accurate... i'm not a fenfer fan but I really love this tuner... I recommend this one to anyone... overallrating 5   lineend
name JC review I have owned two Snark headstock tuners (the blue ones). They are great products but I find one thing about them absolutely infuriating: the design of the \"ball joint\" that connects the tuner to the clip. Both of my Snarks have broken off at this joint. I am a home player - I do not put the tuners under any type of stress.This Fender tuner is a great alternative. The way the tuner connects to the clip is much more sturdy than a Snark. However, as others have mentioned, this Fender tuner display can not rotate as freely as a Snark. So, for live usage it may prove difficult depending on how it is oriented. However, for the home player, this tuner will work just fine.The tuner itself is much smaller than I thought it would be. It is smaller than a Snark (but not by much). The clip works well with a PRS headstock, which does not have a lot of free real estate compared to a Strat style headstock.The only real negative I see is to change the battery (and to put the first battery in) requires the use of a very, very small phillips head screwdriver. I build computers so I had one handy, but I would guess some people probably dont have a screwdriver small enough to do the job on hand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joshua S. Hill review  I liked this tuner, the look, the size, the ease of use, the quality performance, until it died. I think what happened is I just left it on too long. My problem was that in order to turn the power off you have to hold the power button rather than simply pressing and releasing it. Since it died that first time, it doesn't seem to perform the same. I also haven't really paid much attention to it since it died because I sent another similar tuner in for replacement, and I got an acoustic guitar that has an on-board tuner and a tuner pedal for electric guitar.I wouldn't recommend against this product. Just remember to hold the power button to turn it off. overallrating 3   lineend
name L. Jones review I have tried some others and was not to happy since they really did not tune the strings correctly (the sound was off slightly). This seems to be good for a &#34;quick tune&#34;, but like the pelal with cord plug in better. The pedal types are much bigger and you will have to carry more stuff out when going to a gig. This does work in a pinch without a lot of bigger equipment. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lucy Cat review  ed.  It does the trick.  It's small, accurate enough to get by with general practice (I can correct minor tuning issues by ear).  However, now that I have been using it for a few months, I have noticed that it does not give a very stable reading of pitch.  For example, if I go through and tune all the strings it will read a hair high/low on the next pass, and yet again on a third pass... If you need something &#34;no-fuss&#34; and accurate the first time around to the spot, you might want to invest in something a little more robust.  But, for standard/practice tuning, this is a fine accessory overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael W DeSilva review Good tuners. Can tune several different instruments. Just be careful you have it set to the right instrument when you are tuning or you will go through a lot of strings. I have several of these. They are a great size and can be left on your instrument if you desire. Personally I prefer the Snark tuner but these are a fairly close second. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr. GrvThang review For a cheap tuner, this one is pretty good - it's about as accurate as the Snark, and not as delicate (the ball joint on the Snark makes it prone to breakage if you're not careful packing it in a case or gigbag).The display is large and bright.  I wouldn't use it to intonate an instrument, but for quick knockaround tuning, it's fine. overallrating 4   lineend
name Norb review I have been using an app on my cell phone until I purchased this from Amazon.  This thing is awesome. It's so cool that you just clip it from guitar to guitar and not have to worry about plugging anything in to it.  Oh and it turns itself off after 60 seconds of no sound.  It does get a little sensitive when tuning, in the sense of that it is easy to go past your mark.  But the more I use it, the better feel I get for it.  If you don't have one, get one. overallrating 5   lineend
name overbybr review This little guy worked just as advertised. It's a tremendous tuner for gigging or practice when you forget your tuner or dont' feel like bringing it. It won't work the best for getting intonation right, but it hits regular tuning perfectly. Super easy to use and a must-have for anybody who gigs out. overallrating 5   lineend
name Scott F. Lowry review There are some more compact units out there (like planet waves), and the intellitouch PT10 is a little clearer to read, but this baby is great for the price. I leave it on my Strat while I play as it can be easily turned on/off as needed and stays relatively hidden behind the head stock. The back lighting is clear enough and the tuner is as accurate as my foot switch tuner. Overall, great deal for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sherwin Rackal review this is the most ergonomic tuner there is it functions well it is sturdy and it fits in ur pocket! count on fender to give u a good product! overallrating 5   lineend
name Stephen Jones review  I bought two for 10 bucks each. They work great on my acoustic and electric guitars. Easy to see, and it centers quickly when tuning, without drifting all over the place. The only thing I would do to improve is add an off button. There is an ON button but the tuner will stay on as long as you are plucking/strumming strings. It will turn itself off in one minute if you stop playing, but I usually start right into playing after tuning. The only reason to turn it off would be to conserve battery life. This is a great little tuner and I am glad I bought it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tachyon review Purchased this tuner awhile back to be able to check my tuning periodically without having to access my in line tuner. This is a great tuner IF YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE USING IT FOR. With that being said, this little clip on is not intended for gig use per say. If that is what you are looking for, an inline tuner would be much more efficient and accurate. This little guy is best suited to practice (if you are like me and don't use your primary rig for at home practice and don't feel like breaking out the old pedal chain) it does the job and does it well. Now could you use it for a gig? Sure I suppose so, but bear in mind that it is not an \"in-line\" tuner therefore any excessive background noise will cause the accuracy to be a bit off. For the price it can't be beat. It swivels (although not much) but enough that you can clip it on, read the nicely lit LCD and tune up quickly. Great product that every player should keep in the case with their guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Hersey review  I liked the features this recorder has BUT it is a chore to figure out how to use them all.It let me know that I am not a techy. For me not so easy to get beyond the basics. It does a nice clean job for the recording I have gotten done. overallrating 4   lineend
name etcwhatever review I debated between picking up this and the Zoom H4N and went with the Tascam &#8211; I just couldn't justify the extra $100 or so for the Zoom.  The unit is simple to use and the built-in microphones do a great job.  I picked it up because I wanted a portable unit that would let me use 1/8 inch, 1/4 inch, and XLR microphones with my DSLR, or capture great audio on its own.  This accomplishes all of that &#8211; although I need to use an adapter for 1/8 inch mics (for the 1/4 inch ports &#8211; there is no 1/8 inch mic port, which seems an odd omission.)The unit is almost entirely plastic, which can feel a bit inexpensive &#8211; I know that one selling point of the H4N is its sturdy construction.  Still, it seems well made and I think it's a fantastic recorder for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name JdoubleH review I've only spent a few hours with it, but so far, it is fantastic. I wanted a simple grab and go recorder for songwriting sessions, jams rehearsals and gigs, but I also wanted the option of just capturing a line source (such as from the DI on my bass amp). Bingo. Toss in the Dual Mode, overdub, phantom power, ability to run off USB power, and it is a total winner in my book. When you select the recording format and encoding or resolution (WAV + bit and resolution, MP3 + bit rate, etc)- each setting indicates how much recording time you have for the inserted card. I also love that it uses full size SD cards (microSD can be used with an adapter of course)- they're much easier to label and keep track of than a bunch of pinky-nail sized micros. I'll update this review after I've had some more time with it. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Vento review I purchased the DR-40 for use in field recordings for found sounds and other sampling needs, and it accomplishes that very well.  The battery life is great, the user interface can be a little confusing at first but is very fluid once you get used to it, and the build quality is pretty solid.  My only issue is the internal mics, while crystal clear in terms of quality, can sometimes be lacking on the gain side of things.  In addition, they are VERY susceptible to wind, even if you just move the recorder while it is recording you will hear a rush of air.  I highly suggest picking up a wind screen at the same time and save yourself the trouble of having to make another delivery. overallrating 4   lineend
name J. Warren review  Wow, the capture quality of the internal mics is so bad it almost makes me cry, but plug in some real mics and voila- the DR-40 becomes something special.... But, I do not always want to carry around so much equpment, and was hoping for better internal mics.Honestly, my super cheap Olympus pocket recorder sounded better than this thing.And WHY is the line-out so darn noisy!? Must be defective. Oh well... Gonna, have to send this back. overallrating 1   lineend
name kay bhee review allotoday went to the stores to TEST out the followingtascams...dr 05,  dr 07 mk2, and dr 40  and, for myself,ended up buying nothing...their differences for YOUR  ears...are....dr 05,  this is a good quality toy...NO line in...use its own mic, you will be ok  with this, for meetings, etc.NOT really that good for  music...can be done, but NOT as good..if you use ext mic...u wont be happy either...HIGH background HISS noise  relative to all 3.dr 07etc etc...only slightly better than 05...all else same...dr 40 was MUCH quieter in noise level...be it...in mic, ext mic or LINE inquite decent but costs you around 200 dollars...this can be used to ( semi ) record music too.so, testing on their own mics...that last one was far far better than the first two...for those wantingLINE in...means only that dr 40...however,my tests involved  checking  sound QUALITY  of bit more seriousLIVE recordings...took output from our  zoom r 24 recorder  and  output to the dr 40...upon comparing the resulting  CDs...a / mstr ed by the zoom r24 and print to cd,  vs...b / recorded dr40 printed to cd...the sound was Obviously better  with  a /no need to buy  any  a/d recorder attempt at this price level ,if one is looking for semi serious  Master recorder...my budget must be tripled at least...and then to go out to test some more !no cheap way, is there....for those curious, the whole idea has come from wanting to connect  2 units of zoom r24,  NOT wanting to use computer software,  taking the 4 outputs from these two into a clean mixer or analog sum box,  and getting them downto  2 channels, and finallly to some mastering digital recorder....hoping perhaps the tascam ss r100 or r200 MIGHT do the trick,in the tests to come....many thanks, and may your camels always have two humps !k overallrating 3   lineend
name P.K. Frary review   overallrating 5   lineend
name TheTerrorBeyond review I bought this recorder to capture live audience audio for a live video project.  I can say that it worked amazingly well for this and did an excellent job at recording the bands without any distortion or excessive noise.  The recorder stores two files at the same time, one being a file at your chosen sensitivity and another safety track at a lower level in case there are any clipping issues with your main recording.  This accounts for quick transients or anything that might cause the recorder to overload and ensures that you will get a good take.The microphones can be folded out to extend the stereo field or in to tighten the field.  In addition, you can use external microphones or XLR inputs for professional-level input from the soundboard.  I found that the internal microphones did a wonderful job of reproducing the audience experience and I can't say enough good things about the performance.  This is an absolutely wonderful recorder.Bottom line: Highly recommended overallrating 5   lineend
name TomVette review  I recently purchased this recorder and have compared it to my older M-Audio Microtrak II. The Tascam is a much newer design and shows good ergonomic improvement. The internal mics are adjustable, the interface is easy to use, the battery life is long and the batteries are common AA and easy to replace on location.I've not tested the external xlr mic preamps but have recorded with the internal mics with absolutely wonder results. The internal preamp is very quiet, the mics on acoustic grand piano are very dynamic, produce excellent detail and have what appears to be a very wide neutral frequency response. The recorder produces a very wide and deep soundstage and does outclass my older recorder in every aspect. To me the price is very reasonable and the build quality is reasonable for the price. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam review It does a fantastic job. I've had it for almost a year now, still works as well as the first day. Perfect condition. overallrating 5   lineend
name Blaine T. Jones review I am starting out learning to play guitar. I wanted a way to record myself playing guitar onto my laptop so I could go back and listen and to also play both lead and rhythm parts and mix them together.After asking a few questions on a message board, the Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 was recommended to me. It's pricier than some of the options I was considering but given the reviews I figured it was worth taking a chance.I'm glad I did. The Scarlett 2i2 is a piece of cake to set up, even for a guy like me that's pretty PC savvy but never dealt with external recording devices.I'm running Windows 7 64-bit and everything installed flawlessly. The drivers loaded without a hitch and immediately recognized the Scarlett when I plugged it in.The included Ableton Live 8 Lite software recognized the unit as well.I'm looking forward to using the Scarlett more to improve my guitar playing. So far, I'm very happy with my purchase, even if it was a little more than I initially wanted to spend. overallrating 5   lineend
name bobatious review Purchased to provide professional level I/O for recording from mixers etc.Works very well for that purpose; also and probably especially useful as location recorder with just a laptop and condenser microphone(s). The bus powered connection is as simple as it can possibly get, and the package is about the size of a fat paperback book. Inputs provide for microphone(phantom powered or not), instrument, balanced line on TRS, and balanced line on XLR connector.Tested with bass and guitar via instrument input also sounded very good indeed, and dead silent. Output of high quality material also sounds superb ... and compares well with other very high quality gear. Everything about this unit is a cut above the units from its competitors in this (crowded) price point.Though lacking lots of the I/O and routing options you get with more expensive units, this device, unlike most other products in this price range, has a quality feel to its enclosure, jacks and controls. Drives headphones, even inefficient ones, to satisfying levels cleanly.The input controls have a helpful feature wherein if you have set things too \"hot\" the color changes briefly to red -- helpful to bring your attention to your proper metering (in SW) to adjust your levels.Re computers and drivers: almost all the tests went well. On two laptops running Windows 7, installed the latest drivers from the focusrite web site and initial tests of playback and recording went great. One of these recorded perfectly also. The other, which has a core 2 duo processor (FWIW), had issues recording properly, and no matter which of the three possible usb drivers were installed, and I tried them all, this problem remained. So, for certain windows laptops, you may want to hang onto the receipt until you verify proper operation throughout. This issue is why four starts rather than five.On a happier note this interface \"instantly worked\ with absolutely no installation, on a linux desktop running ubuntu studio 12 4 \"precise\". So for linux users this may be a very attractive option.Lastly documentation and bundled software is \"light\"; this is fine if you know what you are doing but it would not hurt focusrite to provide a bit more substance in their user guide for novices connecting various types of gear - guidance re best practices etc.But this is a nit -- overall a superb value provided your computer interfaces happily. overallrating 4   lineend
name C.E. review  I'll start off by saying that I've had this interface for about 6 months now and it is still going strong. I think that anyone, especially the beginner, looking for an interface should definitely consider this unit. Not only does it provide 2 channels, but it also has monitor out and headphone out. This could also be a decent sound card for those who are fed up with integrated audio.However, I have a few gripes with the 2i2. The headphone knob feels a little flimsy and has a bit of give if you push on it. This is purely the \"feel\" and does not really hinder performance. But it makes the unit feel cheap, at the controls. IMO, the knobs and switches can feel a bit unsatisfying when the rest of the unit is built so strongly. Moving on, while on the topic of knobs, the level knobs for both channels could also use indicators, but once again, aesthetics.Why 4 stars?The problem must of started happening today because I never noticed it before. Or it could be just that, maybe I never noticed it. Anyways, shortly after I engaged the 48v phantom power, the interface started making a barely audible high pitched hissing. Once again, this is barely audible and should not be a problem if your microphone is far enough away. I hope that this issue does not show up in all of the Scarlett 2i2 interfaces. I would think that an interface should produce no noise as it in key in the recording process for many home studios. Hopefully, just my unit is defective and it isn't something that is common among the 2i2's.Another thing to note is that while Direct Monitoring is a feature on this unit, the volume levels coming from the direct monitoring is very low and makes it less practical to use. In other words, I am saying that you would have to essentially turn up the gain and record \"hotter\" and get closer to clipping to effectively hear yourself clearly though the direct monitor. Nevertheless, it is a feature that can be utilized though.So in the end, 4/5 stars! The packaging that the interface came in was very minimalistic, but yet appealing, thumbs up for that. I really like the build quality of the interface and Focusrite makes it very easy to record audio with this unit. The only issue that I would consider a big problem is the hissing from the phantom power being engaged. Overall, great entry level interface/sound card! overallrating 4   lineend
name Dapper Dan review This audio interface is fantastic. It takes a little getting used to, but after an hour you will have it mastered. The sound quality is great! The direct monitoring is a little quiet, but that is no complaint all things considered.All in all, if you need a budget system at home: get this. It is perfect for Mac or Pc. overallrating 5   lineend
name David G review And sounds crisp.  I had alesis io2 express which did a similar job.  But after hearing a subtle difference in a youtube video I finally broke down.  I heard more definition with the guitar.  Now that I have it I take the quality for granted.  It has higher quality and the dials feel solid.  The little limiter lamp is awesome.  I'm very happy with it even if my old alesis was doing the job.  My old Alesis had midi pass through which didn't work anyway so feature for feature this is a better pick even if it's around 40 bucks more. overallrating 5   lineend
name Edward review I've been using Ableton for 4 years and it never crashes. I connected this interface with LIve 9 on windows 8.1 i set my default playback and recording device as &#34;Line Out Scarlett 2i2 USB &#34; and set it as my default device. It crashes every time  in Ableton but works well with listening to music either on my computer or on YouTube. Sometimes i hears pops and clicks after 5 minutes and have to reset the ASIO4ALL driver which is the same issue with my Audio Technica at2020 USB MIc.My computer is an AMD system and i have used my at2020(USB) on a Dell intel laptop but i never heard any pops and clicks even after using for hours so i am not sure whether this has to do with different hardware used in different computers or whatsoever but. i think it would be better to use this interface on and intel based system because through my experience. overallrating 4   lineend
name Erosvin review I'm using this unit to set up a Linux Digital Audio Workstation. It works out of the box with a recent ubuntu install or linux mint if you prefer. You will probably want a realtime kernel and use jackd to take full advantage of this device. Without using a jackd interface or a realtime kernel audacity records 96kHz but skips when duplexed, I mark this up to not having sophisticated controls or realtime enabled.The following settings are the best I've been able to manage in jackd2 without and xruns on a realtime kernel(using qjackctl) (I'm also no expert)Frames / Period: 128Sample Rate: 96000Periods / Buffer: 3Which gives a predicted latency of 4msWith a 10ft 1/4 inch patch cord (to run jack_iodelay) I got a consistent 8.24 ms overall latency (not bad imho).Without the realtime kernel you should expect xruns with these settings, my computer is a sandy bridge pentium 2.2ghz with 6gb ram and a ssd.We have used this with an AT2020, AT2021. SM58 microphones and the sound quality is quite high. The preamps deliver what seems like no noise under usual conditions. Simple two mic recordings of band practices sound outstanding. I've also tried some higher gain recordings of weird ambient sounds (rain crickets) and still received very little noise from the device itself but can hear everything that happens in the house.Update:I've found the above setting in jack don't work well for processing live guitar effects in rakarrack. Here are the best setting I could come up withFrames/Period: 512Sample Rate: 48000Peiods/Buffer: 3RealtimeSoft ModeQjackctl lists the latency of 32ms but I have not tried measuring i with jack_iodelay. All the included effects of rakarrack work on my computer for these while booted in the (hard) realtime kernel overallrating 5   lineend
name F. L. Hall review  This little fellow is great. The proper connection from the Focusrite comes with the box. Hooks to the USB port on my MacBook Pro. Everything else plugs right in. No hassle with the right jacks and stuff. My headphone jack was a different size but I went from 1/8 to 1/4&#34; with a reducer I had on hand. I can turn the computer on and play my guitars without opening a program. I've been recording using Garage Band. Works great. Anytime I can get a product that works as it's suppose to without a lot of hassle hooking up cables or other stuff, it's a 5 Star in my book. Oh. There are two ports for speakers on the back side I haven't used yet. Just trying to decide what speakers to purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name Frank N. Stein review I bought this as an interface between my mixer, instruments, and mics to my Macbook for Garageband.  You have to go in and change the input and output in OSX, but it works great! overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Farnsworth review I use this little guy in connection with my DAW and digital piano.  I run the piano sounds through balanced cables into the line-in ports for recording, and I also run VST intruments on my DAW that I trigger via USB MIDI from the piano and use this device for digital/audio conversion.  I listen through Sennheser HD 595 headhphones plugged in to this and I also have some studio monitors attached using balanced cables.I purchased this to upgrade from my previous audio interface, the Behringer UF0202.  That device worked quite well for this purpose as well but lacked two things: a volume knob, and balanced in/outs.  The volume knob thing I could work around, but my current monitors seem susceptible to ground loops (even with a ground lift plug), so I needed to go with balanced cables.  I'm glad I did.  The balanced cables completely eliminated my noise problems.  This was a good purchase.  However, I would say to anyone who doesn't need balanced cables and is on a budget that they should consider the Behringer.  It's a tiny fraction of the price and it works pretty well.  Further, it's class complaint so you don't have to use Behringer's drivers.  It's plug-and-play.I have some good things to say about the Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 (all about the hardware) and some bad things (all about the software).  I've tried using the driver version 2.1, which came with the disk, and the udpated 2.2, which I downloaded from Focusrite's website.To let you know what I need in an interface:1. Balanced stereo in/out2. High quality headphone amp3. Volume knobs for headphone amp and for the main line4. Good digital-to-analog conversion5. Low output latency (input latency not important to me)I don't use the Mic preamps, which is one of the big selling points of this device.         The Good           This box is simple and well-designed.  It does what you want, has very convenient controls, and has high build quality.  I'm pleased with the digital-to-analog conversion.  It has a great big volume knob and another for the headphone amp.  It has switches so each input can be a line-in or microphone pre-amp.  It has a switch for zero-latency monitoring (of whatever is coming in).  The headphone amp was of particular concern for me.  I use headphones a lot and a poor headphone amp can be quite a problem.  The Behringer headphone amp was only ok.  Specifically, it has an output impedance of 50 ohms.  The rule of thumb for good headphone/amp matching is that the output impedance should be 1/8 the impedance of the headphones--my hd 595's have 50 ohms of impedance.  Breaking this rule you get distortions of the frequency response.  In my case mostly this meant attenuation of the bass.  Most manufacturers don't list their output impedance, possibly because they are embarrassed.  Anyway, Focusrite does, which is one reason I trust them a little more.  The output impedance is less than 10 ohms--respectable but not amazing.  Still not as low as I would need in principle but I can notice an improvement in the bass response in my headphones.  There's plenty of extra voltage here too, so I could drive higher impedance cans if necessary.  Anyway, good headphone amp.  Check.  Balanced ins and outs work very well,  The ins accommodates a 1/4 TRS style in and XLR.  The light around them shows when something's actually coming in and shines red when it's in danger of clipping.  There's lots of gain available.  I have them turned all the way down almost.  The outs are TRS style (balanced or unbalanced) and are located on the back.  I like the look of the box, with a red metal case, and the front and back are sturdy and attractive as well.  The USB cable is just a type B port.  This means you can replace it if it gets damaged or whatever.  The Behringer, for example, was hard-wired to its cable...king of annoying.  It's bus-powered.  I actually would have been fine with a wall-wart, but this is even more simple.I really have no complaints whatsoever about the hardware.          = The Bad             =The driver for this thing is horrible under Windows XP.  I have a clean installation with nothing installed except my DAW software, acrobat reader, and this driver.  I mean, my computer is really stripped down.  Performance using the Behringer was good.  The latency (time between playing a note and hearing it out the speakers) was 8 ms using the Behringer, which isn't really perceptible.Unfortunately the focusrite driver, though it's technically ASIO apparently, doesn't have anything like an acceptable latency.  The lowest latency I could set it at and get sound out instead of crackles and pops was 23 ms.  At that level the instrument begins to sound very sluggish and laggy.  It's very difficult, at least for me, to work with a large latency like that.I was ready to return this device when I decided as a last ditch effort to install ASIO4ALL.  That's sort of an ASIO driver to use if you absolutely cannot make the manufacturer's driver perform at a decent level.  I installed it and it worked.  The output latency was a tiny 4.3 ms (only .3 of which are actually output latency, so this is REALLY impressive).  I conclude that the hardware is very, very good in this machine, but the software is horrible.Unfortunately, you can't actually uninstall the focusrite driver because otherwise windows doesn't recognize the device and it never even turns on--it's not class compliant, unlike the Behringer.  So now I have two drivers for it installed, only one of which I use.The bad news is that this configuration is very buggy.  In general when I just turn the computer on and try and play my VST instrument, all I get is crackles and pops until I open the ASIO configuration panel and increase the buffer.  The funny thing is that it doesn't matter where the buffer starts out, I always have to increase it before I get any good sounds out.  I can start it out with a huge buffer--lots of latency--and it will crackle until I open it and increase the buffer yet more.  I have to do this every time I turn on the computer.  Also, sometimes if I leave it on for a while and come back, it will be crackly again until I increase it yet another step. We are talking about major bugs here.I decided to try ditching ASIO4ALL and trying to make the focusrite drivers work again--maybe there was a setting I was missing.  As I was trying to set the buffer size, I heard the sound of an explosion and then my computer rebooted.  When it came back I couldn't get good sounds out, even when I turned the buffer way up.  Tried rebooting a few more times, still didn't work.  So I uninstalled and re-installed the focusrite software.  At first it didn't work.  I had to install ASIO4ALL as well, and now I can sort of get sounds out of it, half the time.I hope you are getting the idea.  These drivers are terrible.  Awful.  A monkey could have written a better driver.  I would give it 1 star if it wasn't for the fact that the device works very, very well when all the stars align and the driver recognizes the drive and allows it to play.  I guess I'm willing to sacrifice convenience and stability for nice hardware when it works.  I would never use this in a live situation or when time is critical.The good thing about drivers is that they can update and fix them.  I'm hoping for that.  They have already revised the driver once, which is amazing because even the 2.2 driver is seriously an abomination, just like the 2.1.         Closing Thoughts            =Unfortunately, there really isn't a USB interface that has a good driver.  The Behringer driver always worked, but if you moved the interface from one USB port to the other, it was no longer recognized and you had to reinstall the driver.  However, you didn't have to use the Behringer driver and ASIO4ALL would give you 11 ms and perform without any complications.  That's about as trouble free as I've seen in this type of device.If you read about the Presonus Audiobox USB and the M-Audio Fast Track Pro (probably the two closest competitors to this focusrite), what you get is a bunch of comments just like this one...horrible, horrible drivers that never get fixed. Actually Mackie makes a competitor as well, the Onyx Blackjack--but the reviews of that show that the driver is possibly even worse than this one. Unfortunately none of the pro music manufacturers cares about their drivers, so we have to live with unstable systems that only work half the time.  Maybe it's better under mac.  I don't know.Interestingly, this is really the only USB 2  device in this range.  That's quite shocking considering how long the USB 2  standard has been around.  The only real implication of this is that the USB 1.1 devices like the M-Audio and Presonus can only do two channel 24/96 audio in OR out, not both at the same time.  There's not enough throughput in USB 1.1.So in light of the competition, the Focusrite looks kind of ok.  Unfortunately all audio interface manufacturers--at least in this range of device--think there's no need for good hardware and (especially) good software.  At least the hardware in this one is up to spec.  We can cross our fingers for improved drivers in the future.Bottom line: this is a fantastic, 5-star device...if you can make the software work consistently.If you are on a tight budget or don't care about balanced in/out, I'd recommend you go with the Behringer UCA202 or UFO2020.  They are tons cheaper, class complaint, and have better drivers.  If you use a high impedance headphone with it, even the headphone amp is pretty good on that one.         Update May 2012        A new version of the driver, 2.3, came out since the writing of the above.  The new driver actually works.  I have stopped using ASIO4ALL and I get decent latency.  Once in a while--not too often--it will inexplicably require me to edit the settings and increase the buffer, and some percentage of the time when I do that it will reboot my computer.  If I don't change anything, most of the time, it works ok.  I would never use this in a mission-critical setting (i.e., gigging or pro work), but for my home use, it's good enough now.  If you have issues with the driver, definitely update. overallrating 3   lineend
name Harry review I write and record my own music.  When I upgraded to a new computer with Windows 8 it wouldn't support my M-Audio Fast Track Pro so I had to upgrade.  The Focusrite Scarlett worked right out of the box.  I replaced the stock cable with a Monster cable and my recordings sound great.  Very easy to use.  Just plug in a microphone or guitar, set your levels, and start rocking. overallrating 5   lineend
name J English review Small amazing good quality interface. This is not the PreSonus board but the controls are easy set up is quick and it is so portable. I especially like the dual inputs on front. Back light on knobs shows clipping on volume (green and red) and connected (green).USB powered and plug and play. My Ableton Suite detected and connected in seconds. overallrating 5   lineend
name Johnny Pasta review  For me being a solo 12 string guitar and vocal act this works just fine for me. And you get the extra plugs ins supplied by Focusrite too with this interface. I cannot say I am wild about the included software which is Ableton Live Lite 8. I really disliked the screen views of Ableton and thought they were hard to view. So I did some scouting around and talked to a few techs and they suggested Mixcraft 6. WOW! I like a mixing board that is right up in my face and no guesswork. Mixcraft 6 is so user friendly and you don't have to bring in a professor from another planet to understand it. You can be laying down and recording tracks in no time. And shouldn't recording be fun and not frustrating besides? The Focusrite Interface recognized Mixcraft 6 as if it were an old school bud and the extra plug ins. So all and all it turned out great and I am a happy camper. This in my opinion is one of the best entry level Recording Audio Interface units around. It also has phantom power for those of you who have condenser mikes requiring phantom power. Dollar for dollar you cannot go wrong with this interface. Engineered in England. And on the downside, made in China. (Isn't everything these days?) overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Vento review I desperately needed a real audio interface, I was tired of my toy Behringer 1 i/o RCA usb thing.  After reading reviews online, this seemed like exactly what I needed.  It's small, lightweight, and fits nicely on my desk.  It's got some solid pre's, and has enough for me to work with.  I didn't need the extra i/o enough to break the bank, so 2i2 is all I wanted.  I'm really pleased with this, the quality is great and the ease of use is just as great.  It handles line and mic inputs just as well, and the general rule of thumb sticks here that ~70% (about 2-3 o'clock on these knobs) is a good base level for the pre's.  Phantom power works fine, and the direct monitoring switch is really useful.  I don't like dealing with latency in Ableton, so to be able to just monitor directly when I'm playing instead of waiting for it to go through all that processing is great.  And the headphone volume and monitor volume are right next to each other...all in all I'd say the design of this is very user friendly.Some people reported driver issues with this, and I can't say I've really had any problems.  I'm using Windows, and I have to suggest using the ASIO drivers whenever possible.  I had some issues with iTunes where the audio would just stop and the level (in the Windows sound menu) was frozen at whatever had been playing.  All I had to do was disable and re-enable in the device, but that got kind of annoying.  I e-mailed Focusrite about it, and they were pretty prompt with getting back to me, but the problem kind of faded away so I never really figured out what that was.  I started using Fubar2000 because it supports ASIO, and I haven't had ANY issues with any program that uses an ASIO driver.  I have since started using iTunes again as well (still much easier to manage the library in there), and the problem has only manifested itself once or twice since then, so who knows. overallrating 4   lineend
name Lumin review My only gripe is that once in a while after it's been on for a long time it seems to drop out / stop working in windows 7. I've tinkered with my usb power-save settings, etc, and it still seems to be an issue. Not that big of a deal as it doesn't do it when actively being used, but about once every other day I have to unplug the USB and reconnect it. Could be my system, could be the pre-amp, otherwise no complaints.Though be wise and download your drivers from the website, not the included software. I don't even know what is on the software but I think it's a full version behind what you'll find on the website. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mustafa M. review Good sound, very very low noise (except on high gain), when switching to direct monitoring the output volume cuts to half, expensiveIf you're planing to record on computer, buy a USB mixer for the same price you'll get a lot of stuff and a mixerWorks with iOS if you have an external power supply (powered hub) overallrating 3   lineend
name RICHARD A DINSMORE review Well built, easy setup, very quiet. Using with Procaster, worked well enough but better with addition of FEThead, high quality unit. overallrating 5   lineend
name Seph review I've used more than a handful of USB/Firewire interfaces over the past decade. In the past, it's always been a crapshoot, regardless of brand or reputation. Instability, incompatability, and frustration abound with audio interfaces. That being said, this has been the best interface I've ever owned.The size is fantastic, the preamps sound great, it has phantom power, it looks cool, and most importantly, it's been rock solid ever since I installed it two and a half months ago.I frequently leave my PC on 24 hours a day with this plugged in, and as of yet I haven't had a single crash, dropout, 'pop' etc. It's performed flawlessly since day one.Regarding sound quality, my recordings have never sounded better. I've used this to record electric guitar straight into the unit, acoustic guitar via condenser mics, dynamic mics, hammered dulcimer, cello, synth via direct input, and it handles it all flawlessly. I'm seriously impressed with the quality.Finally, it's small enough to take with me when I want to record at a friends house on my laptop.I've used it with Reaper, Sonar X1, Guitar Rig 5, Cubase LE, all without a hitch, on two PC's - Both Win 7 64-bit. The drivers gave me no hassle installing, and as I said above, ROCK SOLID.Your mileage may vary, as I stated earlier audio interfaces can be quite the crap shoot. Same setup, same hardware, etc, and one person can have wildly differing results. That being said, I would definitely recommend this unit, as it is my favorite of all time, and I've used everything from crappy firewire mixers to high-end MOTU interfaces.Great for the price, and if 2-in/2-out works for you, it should perform better than interfaces costing twice as much. It performs better than my old MOTU 828 mkII that I got for five hundred. overallrating 5   lineend
name Steven K. Baker review  .The 2i2 is a simple set-up. Pretty much run your monitors into the line outputs, connect a mic or (apparently) a \"low-headroom\" instrument to it, run the USB cable to your computer and set it up within the DAW described parameters. It would have been nice to know that the included Plug In Suite is not a stand-alone program, and that it functions in tandem with Ableton Live Lite and that it could be found it in the Plug-Ins section of Ableton, but I figured it out EVENTUALLY regardless. (Ableton itself is rather dodgy, and seems to crash constantly.) Sometimes the 2i2 seems to lock up completely, so as no audio is being produced from my monitors!I wasn't sure for a very long time if this was USER ERROR, an Ableton problem, or the fault of the 2i2 and its drivers, so after the gazillionth crash, I screamed \"Ballsdogit!!!\ and purchased a license for Reaper. After going through the painstaking setup and acclimating to the new DAW over the last few months, I began to realize that my monitors no longer \"lock up\ but that the drivers for the 2i2 are indescribably pathetic!!!I had to tweak the living daylights out of Reaper just to get an audible sound out of my monitors. Now I'm in there and the FX do not work with the focusrite drivers. Garbage focusrite! Everyone I know that has Reaper raves about the plug-ins, and the greatness and ease of the setup regardless of the interface. I have yet to experience a crash, but I also have yet to experience any recording time.Seriously, I started reading on the Reaper Forums about problems encountered with the 2i2, and came across a response from David@focusrite actually saying that \"you should not use this setup to record electric guitar..\ and that if you need to record electric guitar you should \"get something with more headroom like the 2i4.\" That is just unbelievable in my eyes!I'm sure I could run this through my mixer and get the lacking headroom and just use this paperweight as a bridge gap between my mixer and laptop, but why should I have to after dropping a buck fifty on this miracle? Besides that, I'll more than likely still have multiple problems with the drivers!This device is clearly marked for both XLR inputs and 1/4 instrument ins. There was no warning of headroom limitations anywhere in the documentation, and I researched audio interfaces for several weeks before deciding on this unit. I feel lied to and disrespected as a customer, now stuck with an irrelevant piece of outdated technology. HOW IN THE HECK DOES THIS THING HAVE A NEARLY 5 STAR RATING!!!????The good side is that the mic pres are nice and warm. I have a bunch of different mics and the 2i2 (when not crashing or locking up the monitors) seems to handle all of them well. I constantly check for driver updates, and have the latest drivers for the 2i2, but without a doubt the Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 is probably going by the wayside along with my faith in focusrite and their products.Sorry focusrite, you dropped the ball here. overallrating 1   lineend
name Andrew Adkins review  Great deal on a capo, it's about the same quality as one i would buy for 5x the amount elsewhere.  It takes a while for the shipping, but that's stated in the description.  I was pleasantly suprised.  I would recommend this capo. overallrating 5   lineend
name barleypopmaker review  I used this on my bass and I don't know what more you can say about it. It works and does at it is supposed to. I have no issues with quality or feel it's too loose. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bienbenido Rodriguez review this was a gift for a friend who is practicing to play the guitar. He has enjoy and likes using the capo. overallrating 5   lineend
name Black Keys review Arrived as expected and as described. Capo is well made and is very well priced. I am very happy with the purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name Daniel J. Griffin review  This one works, it can't make me play any better (wish it could) but it wont make me play any worse. overallrating 4   lineend
name G. L. Simms review How far wrong can you go for $1.83? I can give these away to beginners that don't have a capo.If you really want a capo get a Keyser or other decent capo. They're only $20. overallrating 3   lineend
name Jeffro review This item did the job it's made for. Made well and you need to make sure you open it fully prior to inserting it onto your guitar neck to keep it from snapping back on you because it's strong but it won't damage your guitar and it's effective. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jinx Lee review When I attached it to my guitar(s), I said, &#34;Wow, this beats it's more expensive competition! Does it hold? Yes. Does it damage your instrument? No. I'm going to get another one before they decide to raise the price! overallrating 5   lineend
name Leseagle review Nice product, I like the great feel as the handle angle is large and makes it very easy to remove. overallrating 5   lineend
name Md. Zaheer Hasan review A very decent capo. Switching is very nice and it holds down all the strings perfectly. Great for someone who plays on alternate tunings or someone who likes shifting scales often. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael Livote review  I've got several capos, from the highest end models to the cheapest, and this one is every bit as good as the expensive ones, with ease of use and solid build quality. Why spend more?? Just buy it, and stop over paying for your capos forever more! overallrating 5   lineend
name Pa user review nice item...works well...great price, no need to own one of the more expensive ones for the job it does. I have to type more... oops got enough typed :) overallrating 4   lineend
name Sim review This appears to be a good sturdy capo with a strong spring and a rubber appearing pad on back to protect your guitar neck. It looks fine and works well on the neck to hold down the strings, just as it was designed to do. It looks and fits just as shown in the picture. I recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tony Wall review Not much you can say. The headline says it all. It works well. Shipping takes time but for the price, who cares. If you need it now, go local but if you have time to wait, this is perfect. I ordered two just in case. But it is nice and does not damage the guitar finish at all. overallrating 5   lineend
name Zach Briggs review Its not a very big capo like it looks in the picture and is sometimes hard to get on sometimes. but it does hold on to all strings so the job is done. the only problem I have with it is that I get the strings a little bent but that might just be me. overallrating 4   lineend
name 3rdtimer review My old cable was stiff and unruly. This one is not so stiff and is very well built. Buy it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Carlos review Is a nice cable,,god quality  as always with the Fender brand... Guys if you need a cable that are not high budget,, and a god quality this is the cable.... overallrating 5   lineend
name Christopher John Taylor review  This cable arrived today and I am still in shock! It's truly amazing. The best BY FAR patch cable I have EVER used, or even seen in 25 years of guitar playin.HUGE value! Buy one now! overallrating 5   lineend
name David W review  This amp cable is perfect.  It fits my need for practicing.  It's just the right length for sitting on the couch, strumming daily.  I would like this one for each amp I own so I'm not always taking it from amp to amp.  I will buy some more of these.The cable also looks nice and completes the Fender look.  I would highly recommend this and give it a no-brainer 5 star rating.  I have nothing negative to say about this. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gary D. Garvin review  Very durable cables ... I've used them all. Fenders aren't bad. I have used these without any problems whatsoever! See for yourself! overallrating 5   lineend
name Grizz review  as expected for a beginner. I'm just learning what I want and what I need. This cable works fine for my needs right now. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ian Wells review I received the Fender cable exactly as shown in the picture.It is a thick cable with the ends of the jack and start of the cable enveloped in the white plastic strain relief.It looks great, was fairly cheap, and built to last. overallrating 5   lineend
name Igor B. review Fender 1A-SX2S-JTXK 10-Feet Performance Series Guitar Cable ig good Stereo cable for guitar or keybord.It's long enought. I recommend it overallrating 5   lineend
name James M. Bailey review Even though it is Fender it was made in China I would have thought the US.  What can you say about a guitar chord? overallrating 3   lineend
name jinx review If you need a cord and don't want to pay a lot, this is a good one.  I was surprised howsturdy it appears. The only part that is not so good is that it is a straight connector nota right angle but it works fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name John review Very nice cable but the white ends (which are nice looking) could be a little shorter.  It works awesomely and it's not a bad price for name brand cables. overallrating 4   lineend
name Linda S. Frederickson review Nice looking,nice sound and quality to these cables.They are what I needed!Thank You GO-DPS for making such good quality products. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr. Kipp M. Webb review  Delivers just what you want in a guitar cable and the quality is what you would expect from a Fender product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Otto review I'm pretty active on stage and have had problems with cable breakage for years. (I haven't found a wireless unit that I feel comfortable with on stage yet) I was usually replacing the cable connected to my guitar about every three to four months until I purchased these. At first I purchased one just to check them out, but after six months. I decided to replace all of my guitar cables with these. There just so well made and much cheaper than other high end cables too. They last forever! Definitely worth the money! overallrating 5   lineend
name Pen Name review Got this for my electric guitar. Does its job just fine and the white tips look quite nice, a truly great product! overallrating 5   lineend
name Steve review These Fender 10 foot Guitar cables are by far the best bang for your buck!Every part of these cables are quality. overallrating 5   lineend
name Texman review This is a Very nice cable, I like this one better than all the other ones that I Own, Its thick and the sound is great. Then one day an Amp was bumped over in such a way that the cable end was broken or sheared off, That stunk overallrating 5   lineend
name Tobias L Merriman review Does what it's supposed to do.  Very sturdy feeling.  Pretty sure I could strangle a person with it if I had to.  I'm not a dangerous person but you know, when people request wagon-wheel....... overallrating 5   lineend
name Casey D review I seriously never knew steel guitar picks existed i've been playing guitar for like 5 years. These picks are the BOMB!, + they don't break on you when you strum too hard/fast :D, i would rate this product 6 stars if i could i'm completely satisfied with these picks!Tip: These picks are great for HIGH ACTION/HIGH GAIN GUITAR SOLO'S. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cyrus Cathey review  I play bass with these and they have a unique tone.  The scratchy surface gives it a really gritty tone for rock music.  Makes Rotosound strings really sound off.  I have not found that they are so hard on strings that the strings were out from use rather than the picks.  It does take a bit of use to get good with them, but it is worth it for when you need that really growling tone. overallrating 5   lineend
name Darkrin review while the product is everything it said it would be.  I was just hoping it would be thicker as it feels so thin. it does whats is supposed to so I cant fault it in that way it. just was not what I was hoping for. overallrating 3   lineend
name John M review These are a little course for what I wanted. Brass is a lot better, and the edges are too sharp for fast picking. They may be giving the strings a little premature wear, and the loss of tonality is the problem. There are better options if like me you like your picks hard and firm. overallrating 3   lineend
name Joseph Durall review The picks are good. They are a little flimsey but are ok. The best thing about them is the look overallrating 4   lineend
name R. J. Province review  At first I thought the idea of using a metal pick was outrageous, but after actually trying one - I love it. It has really helped me deliever that Fatal Blow...I can honestly say, this is not for strumming or even heavy metal rhythms as you risk breaking a string and putting an eye out. Not to mention that it's hard to strum and sounds awful.What these picks are good for is leads. Rock, Metal, Shredding and even Country. The sound is short with a very high tone pitch. Switching back to a plastic pick and the notes sound a little dull. One plus is, while recording I do not hear much in the way of the pick scraping when doing alternate picking (shredding) as I did with a plastic pick.I still use a plastic pick for slow leads that need that sort of sound, but love these picks when things heat up. Also, I'd like to add that even though I can play Rock You Like A Hurricane by the Scorpions - it never sounds quite right. Until Now. Using a metal pick make the lead scream and help the tone carry for a thicker sound.Also, these picks have a no-slip grip. With the Fender facing your fingers, there is a nice little indent for the thumb and with the added grooves it's very easy to grip and use. It feels funny at first, but I got use to it really quick.I can honestly say that this is one of those things you just have to try for yourself to get the full experience... overallrating 5   lineend
name Techie review  I was looking for a nearly indestructable heavy (or thick) guitar pick.  I saw this and had to try it.  They are very solid, don't bend, and make a particularly pleasing sound on an acoustic guitar.  Haven't tried them yet on an electric, but they should be great there, too.  You need to know that they make a metalic sound to the picking action (not a surprise!).  But the angle of attack on the strings can either increase that or lessen it somewhat.  Anyway, these are great guitar picks if you're looking for something solid and long-lasting. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bilbo review I've found no issues with noise or build quality so far; the 1 foot length lets you stagger or make those connections for large pedals or one which put their input/outputs in weird places. overallrating 5   lineend
name Captn' Bob review I bought these because I needed just a few more inches to reach a couple boxes on my pedal board.  I have the Planet Waves patch cords called 6&#34; so I thought these would cover it being 12&#34;.  When I went to hook up, they were still too short so I immediately blamed these cords.  OOOOOPS, took out the tape measure so I could complain and found that these are indeed 12&#34;  I then measured the Planet Waves and found they were actually 10&#34;, not 6&#34;.  My bad!  These seem to be good quality and they are exactly what they say they are.  If you want to spice up your board, go for some color! overallrating 4   lineend
name Charlo review At this price, these cables are a bargain.  The jury is still out on how durable they are, but they all arrived in working order and have held up well despite several months of plugging and unplugging.  The length is great for when you have a bunch of pedals with inputs that vary from top to side.  I hate it when the patch isn't long enough and I have to mis-allign my pedals !  Anyway, thumbs up.  Will revisit my review if they begin to fail soon- overallrating 5   lineend
name David G review I've used this to connect several devices and the colors help. I would recommend this and the quality is good. overallrating 5   lineend
name Don B review Good quality, seem durable enough. Sure there are better cables out there, but for the price, these are hard to beat. overallrating 5   lineend
name grandpa review  Good deal on this package of patch cords. They work just as well as the more expensive ones I have used. I like the length too. It is long enough to make a loop in, which make everything easier to work with. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Thomas review  These patch cords work like a champ.  I use them with my pedal board, and haven't any issues with signal quality.  They give some versatility in their length.  I can move the cords around without having to move my pedals too much.  The colors....well...ok, they're a little odd, but for the price, I dealt with it. overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  This is a simple and cheap way to hook your pedals together on your board. I have bought 2 packs of these and have only had one go bad on me. note that they are cheap and are NOT the quality of, say, George L's cables. That being said, they also don't cost $70. Can I hear a tonal difference between these cords and my more expensive ones??? Not really. People who say they hear tonal loss with some cords are scrutinizing the imagined auditory experience. Why only four stars??? because I wish they were all one color and not a rainbow of colors. it does look dorky on your board to have a bunch of different colored cords. but, that's my opinion. overallrating 4   lineend
name J.E.S. review I bought these cable to use on a pedal board, and they don't disappoint. They're fairly flexible, have solid construction, and are different colors for easy identifying. overallrating 5   lineend
name khoney review I put these on my ikea gorm board pedalboard and they work great so far.  No dead cables yet. I've been using them for 6 months or so. overallrating 5   lineend
name NPunk42 review When I look down at my dirty scuffed up old pedal board and see these patch cables, so bright and festive, I just FEEL beautiful all over again. overallrating 4   lineend
name PLaBorde review If you want to pay $$$ for patch cables and it somehow makes you feel more secure, go for it. Otherwise pick these up - great price and certainly gets the job done. The colors fit may into your rig or perhaps you can use them strategically, that feature is in incidental plus. They appear to be solid and will likely last just fine. overallrating 3   lineend
name wally jones review I needed some new patch cables for my board and I liked the different color thing. I believe this was part of my first order through Amazon and was totally satisfied with the process and the result . Will and have used it since. Thank you. overallrating 5   lineend
name Willie V. Hughes review These are great cables for connecting effects pedals and I love that they have a little color (both for fun & better organization). To top it all off, the price is right. Cheers. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris review I bought this to add into the Axess MP1504-BLK Professional Dual Wireless Microphone I bought for home Karaoke use for my kids 6 and under. The microphone could not pick-up voice until it is about an inch close to your mouth. When you have it close to your mouth, it does sounds well enough that my kids enjoy. I added this screen to protect the microphone from getting damage or wet when it falls or when my kids touches the microphone to their mouth. Since this package came with 5 screen, I can wash it when it gets dirty and use the reserve to always have a clean microphone for my kids.The quality of the screen is very good. I believe that it can withstand abuse and will be able to handle frequent wash without ruining the material. overallrating 5   lineend
name James Starritt review There is not much you can say about these other than they fit my Behringer ULTRAVOICE XM1800S just fine.  I don't sound to muffled with them on either - the colors made my Podcasting team bicker over who was getting which one.  I won't hold it against these Windscreens. overallrating 5   lineend
name John C. review  We use these on our wireless microphones and they have very vibrant color and easy for us to determine which microphone is associated with which volume dial on the amplifier. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tanner Hoke review The product is here and I am glad the size is right. The colors punch out nice and will1. Help my vocal mics last longer so singers don't drool on my mics.and2. Help out during soundcheck. &#34;Hey, can we get blue turned down a little?&#34;Products were intact but on an quick examination I saw small tears in the foam. I will update if that matters in the long run. overallrating 4   lineend
name Wayne Stewart review  What I like about these spongy little things, besides protecting the internals of the mic, is that you can pick a color that reflects your mood according to the song you're singing. Just like a pink jail cell works to impart a sense of calm to the incarcerated, so too can a colorful mic cover. And my neighbor kids just love 'em during our singalongs! overallrating 5   lineend
name CaptainButts review I ordered this Capo on a Thursday and received it in the mail the following Tuesday. I had never used a Capo of this design so I was a little skiptical but I figured with the price, I might as well give it a try. This thing works great. There is not a name brand on it but looks really good on my acoustic guitar. The spring on it is very tight and ensure a good quality sound when moving in up and down the fret board. I have only used Kyser Capos in the past but this one works just as well. Only drawback to it is that you have to make sure it clamps down evenly on the fret you are changing keys to, otherwise you'll get some rattling noise from the strings. Once you get the hang of placing it where you need it, it works very fast when you need to change keys. overallrating 4   lineend
name G. Vazquez review I'm not going to recommend this over the $15 capos. It's better if you spend the extra cash and get one that is well made. I decided to try this one out, but the construction of it makes it feel like it's going to break if I pull it too hard. And, because of that, it makes it difficult to put on the guitar neck and also to remove. But, once it's on, it works. overallrating 3   lineend
name Ingrid Shelton review It does the job.  Easy to get on and off.  Seems to be sturdy and well built. Best of all the price! overallrating 5   lineend
name No Name review Works like a capo.  Nothing much to add.  My son searched for the odd colors so he could see his capo while on stage in near darkness. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rolf J Craven review The capo looks nice and works without any problem.  You can tell it is a cheaper model because the action is stiff.  But the build is solid, and it looks like it will last for a long time. overallrating 4   lineend
name Saltydawg review This is not my only capo, but it's my cheapest.  It works as well as other more expensive ones.  This one was a good deal through Amazon.com. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ann Vande Zande review I was looking for a decent capo, found this, and have been using for months without a problem. Cheap and works great, would recommend to any guitarist. overallrating 5   lineend
name Autumn review Cheap, quick and easy. It serves its purpose and it was so inexpensive it's almost painful. I haven't had it break and it doesn't cause any issues with the instrument, so I'm more than content with this handy, inexpensive capo. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Hersey review  When just starting out one purchases equipment carefully. This capo is a good choice to start with because the quality is there. Even a professional would appreciate this capo. overallrating 4   lineend
name C. Forbes review  It seems like such simple concept, but so many companies cannot get it right. It's just a spring and a handle, but other companies either use cheap springs that lose tension or charge you an arm and a leg for their name brand.This one worked very well for me and at this price, I am able to have a couple extra lying around. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris review This is a good quality Capo. The built is similar to the ones I see at the local music stores that sells between $9 - $14. I guess they are all made by the same company and then stamped with a logo by whoever is selling it. This capo does not have any logo or stamp but it works just as good as the more expensive ones.I ordered two of this item on 03/18. Expected delivery is between April 11 - 18 as the product will be shipped from Hong Kong but I received the product on April 2nd.I used it in Acoustic Guitar and on the Ukelele without any problem. overallrating 5   lineend
name David Y. review I have used these and I noticed this capo is a cut above the rest. It snaps on and clamps down on all strings right away. I do not need to readjust during play and it stays clamped until you take it off. I would recommend this capo for play during performances and live concerts. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Vazquez review I got this because of the price. As soon as I opened it, the first thing I noticed was that it feels like it's not too sturdy. I don't know if it's going to last me a while. But, it does its job. Works fine on some guitars. The neck has to be thinner, though. I have to be careful when I put it on, as well as when I remove it. I'd pay for a better one if I had to get another. overallrating 4   lineend
name John review I guess 5 stars because it 100% does what it's supposed to and doesn't cost much. The width of the grip gives you more leverage which can make it easier to clamp with someone with weak hands. That being said that person probably isn't playing much guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joyce Kaiser review Works really well, was a great price, and was sent to me in reasonable amount of time. The capo is a nice addition to the terrific sounds one can get with the guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Parks Hammond review Good quick change capo, strong enough so far overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark A Williamson review This is a great Capo.  Clamps well and quickly, the clamp handle is easy to reach and is not going to easily break (aluminum, not plastic).  I like it and it was well under the price of others. overallrating 5   lineend
name Matt review For 3 dollars this is a great quality capo, it works perfectly don't waste your money on a Planet Waves or Dunlop or whatever, save 10 bucks and buy this overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul Hicken review This is a pretty good non-expensive capo. You can spend more but this does what you need it to do. overallrating 4   lineend
name Robin Lopate review Got these because I wanted some extra capos around.  They work fine and are a great price - they do seem to be a little hard to open (spring seems a little tight).  Good deal as back-up capos. overallrating 3   lineend
name Tammy R Slayton review It was my favorite capo. Someone else also liked it though as it has disappeared from my apartment. Had to buy another one. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Perry review  The Capo is made of metal and works well. It does what it is suppose to do. I would buy this again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Judith Johnson review  A bit harder to open and clamp than my other capo, but well made. I don't think that you would go wrong! overallrating 4   lineend
name Matt review This obviously is trying to copy the Kyser brand capo, and it does it pretty well. Feels a bit cheaper, which it actually is both monetary and quality wise. The cardboard insert in the package even has the &#34;lifetime guarantee&#34; but no info on where to mail it; and that's pretty hilarious that they tried to replicate that aspect, but other than that, it's a good cheap capo. overallrating 4   lineend
name M. Platt review  For the price and the fast shipment (despite a notice that said it would take 2 months to ship) it is well worth the money. Does what it's supposed to do so far. I can imagine that a lot of use may eventually wear out it's springiness but for now it is working great for my needs. I don't capo too much, just getting into learning some new songs that require it so cheap was the way to go for me. I could see someone who capo's a lot might want to look elsewhere but if you're only needing something simple and cheap, look no further. overallrating 5   lineend
name Vivid review Hi Folks! OK, this thing is cheap. That's cool. But a cheap item you can't use is money thrown away. Before buying this I had read various reviews of some folks liking it and others saying it's too small. Well, I want to clear this up once and for all. IT IS TOO SMALL! Specifically, it is too short to reach across all six strings if you go past the third fret or so (depending on your guitar), AND it doesn't open wide enough to be able be slid down past the third fret, even on a skinny neck. This thing really is a puzzler. I mean, who the hell would make capos this size, especially when they could've made capos that actually fit for the same production price and sold them at the same price? Someone somewhere is just plain ass stupid. HOWEVER, a positive from this whole mess is that I finally found a capo to use with my ukulele, and for way cheap, ha ha. But if you are looking for a capo for a guitar of any size, this is utter garbage. Cheers! overallrating 1   lineend
name bobatious review Purchased for hanging two rock-band pseudo guitars. Works great for that and for uke. Would also be OK with guitars.The nature of the hardware compensates for different thickness at the nut end of instruments and so should hold almost any guitar-like instrument within reason. The packaging is very basic - you just get the product, with no fasteners or instructions.The hanger looks good, is heavily padded and so very unlikely to harm even delicate instruments. When solidly mounted, the hanger should be able to hold fairly heavy instruments - though I did not test that.For the cost these are a smoking deal. The alternatives I purchased for my music room & heavy bass guitars cost about 2x more and are not necessarily any better functionally.As mentioned there is no included hardware, but that is a non-issue as during install you may require installation to studs or with wall-board fasteners, depending on your situation and weight of your instrument. So just plan on visiting the hardware store if you don't already have these in your shop. I used wall-board hangers for one, direct screws into joist for the other, as it happens. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian Tassina review  This is thus far a good bargain. I have used it to hang a 12 heavy string. The arms of it adjust to neck size but when the weight of the guitar pull downward the grip tightlt. No chance of falling. There are likely better units out there but for the money this one is a steal. overallrating 4   lineend
name Eldude review I hang all my gear up in the studio with these and it's really sturdy. I can't say these are easy to get the guitar down off the wall but that's the point. I'll use a stand if I'm going to use a guitar often. I had a 230lb drummer fall into the wall where I had these baby's hung up and not one fell or almost fell. overallrating 5   lineend
name Highmember review a ver nice and powerfull product for the mans health really reccomend this item  i bough for my primo and he really loves it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard L. Chism review I have a couple of old guitars I couldn't bear to part with, but seldom used.  (Ah, memories!)  I keep my everyday guitars on stands so that it is easier to practice, but these add charm to my music room/office and they work great.  The &#34;fingers&#34; will grasp the neck of most any stringed instrument and hold firmly. overallrating 5   lineend
name saint Jimmy review Like many others floor space is rather limited at mi casa. I also have a dog with a nasty habit of having to &#34;mark&#34; everything that comes into contact with the floor. So needless to say your basic guitar stand was not an option with my $700 Dean from Hell. I had ordered this product prior to my having gotten the guitar (hoping that they would all arrive at the same time) so I was unaware at how heavy the Dean was. This one looked sturdy enough...and it would be, if it were an acoustic or lightweight/hollowbody electric.But the fact that I had to bend out the pegs just a smidge, so the end knobs won't chew up the neck when trying to access/store the guitar, had me doubting the longterm durability of this product. Don't need to come home 6 months from now & find the guitar on the floor with the headstock accross the room. It should hold up long enough for me to order the Hercules. Once I get the Hercules I'll be using this mount for my Rock Band guitar controller. overallrating 4   lineend
name Tammy R Slayton review I bought this for my acoustic. Bought another one for my electric Schecter Hellraiser Solo 6. Holds my bass guitars easily as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Aichokeu review I payed the $11 for this just because the tuner I have was so slow to respond I needed something new.  The response time on this is like half a second and it's super simple to use.  Keep in mind that the Snark website sells this tuner for $40 so 1/4 the cost here is definitely worth it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Alex Bartlett review This is the best tuner I've used in over a decade of playing various instruments. The design is well conceived for guitar players and the results are spot on.  Overall ease of tuning and ability to do so in a noisy environment are well worth the $14 I paid.I like the ability to change the overall tuning to different standards [e.g. Baroque or NY Philharmonic] and the included metronome is also nice to have. Perhaps the most useful feature is that this unit will tune any note; guitar players can spot check a fretted tone and other musicians can tune to C or another preferred note that some guitar tuners do not have.Mine broke where the arm connects to the back of the main unit. There is a ball and socket joint and two of the socket flanges broke. Glue and a rubber band now holds it together. I mention this so that you won't put yours in a tight exterior pocket on a gig bag or otherwise smash it into a broken state. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I own a red, blue, and now a black one. This one is the best yet. Very easy to read. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review This isn't a terrible tuner, and for how cheap it was, it wasn't a \"ripoff\". However, it definetly does not work as the product or other people claim. When it does work, it tunes decently like any ten dollar tuner. However almost all of the time it's fluttering around to completely different notes or just not reading a single thing. I try clipping it on different parts of the instrument and it's the same. It also did not come with batteries, and replacement ones aren't cheap and are very hard to find. I don't think this is a terrible product due to the low price, but if you want to be taken seriously and take your own music seriously, get a real desktop tuner. A cheapo one is only 5 bucks more and you can find REAL, full sized, affordable batteries for it... overallrating 2   lineend
name Andrew P. review we have to many musical instruments and this is amazing little tuner. I used it even on bass guitar and it works flawlessly. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Benamati review Ive used this on Guitars acoustic and electric, Ukuleles, Banjos, Banjo Ukeleles, Violins, and mandolins.  no issues... well except that sometimes it rattles (quietly), it doesn't effect how it works but i hate a rattling guitar.  That Just means i take it off most of the time after i tune.  That's not a bad thing as it keeps me from playing out with the Tuner clipped to the guitar the whole time, and I hate how that looks anyway.  I love the little thing.  My only complaint is that (like all other clip on tuners that i've had) it wont turn itself off if i leave it on accidentally, and will then wear out the battery. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Clark review Having to send the first Snark SN-8 back, but the replacement, thus far, has been flawless.I made a slight adjustment to my guitar's truss rod and now the intonation is pretty spot on.A couple tips to tuning a guitar: tune it like you play it. If you strum & play softly, then pluck & tune each string softly.However, most people don't play softly, so they make the mistake that almost everyone makes: they pluck each string and wait like 15 seconds till the ringing fades out, & so they are generally tuning each string as it begins \"softly\" resonating.So, in essence, what happens is people are generally tuning each string flat.To tune your guitar correctly, you really ought to pluck each string hard, like every 2 seconds and tune it that way - rather than waiting for the sound to fade out. If you do it this way, you might be surprised at how good it sounds when you're strumming the living daylight out of it!Also, please check your intonation. Your 12th frets should be in tune same as your open strings. You pluck your open string (hard) & tune as described above. Then you check intonation by pressing VERY LIGHTLY (with JUST the TIP of your FINGER and DON'T TOUCH ANY OTHER PART of the NECK), on the same string, but 12th fret - and BOTH should be in tune the EXACT same.If they are off (12TH & open), then your intonation is probably in need of adjustment. Please don't pay someone to setup your guitar! You can do it yourself so easily. Go on u toob and search \"scott grove tuning your guitar wrong\" and u will find a video of a guy that claims to have owned over 3,000 guitars - & he spends almost an hour explaining all the details. Also, watch his video on how to setup: adjust intonation, truss rod, action, etc.Btw, if you can't get your Snark to tune your guitar: hint - it's not the tuner's fault. The first 3 saddles (e, b, g) should look like a staircase going down. Then, your next 3 strings (d,  a, e) should also look like another staircase going down. If not, break out your philips head & tweak your intonation. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bill review I love this little tuner.  It's better than the unit that was bundled with my guitar, and as accurate (and easier to use) than the one on my VOX Tonelab ST.I'm planning on getting at least one more to keep in the guitar case. overallrating 5   lineend
name bobby 12333 review I really love this little tuner, I just keep it on the headstock of my guitar when playing & just touch up tuning if needed. Best tunerI have owned for the price.R. Joyner overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob Dillin review This is the new and improved Snark. The display is much more readable and after several months of use display is still bright. I found with other models that the display faded and was not renewed even with a new a battery. The only downside to this one is that the bars on the display are so thick that the string has to be more out of tune before it shows up on the screen. So the display is very readable but not as accurate as prior display screens. However the price makes them a good deal even with their minor flaws. overallrating 4   lineend
name CaptAdams35 review It's a tuner that tunes nearly as well as a rack tuner for a fraction of the cost. The fact that it looks like it's made out of Bat Armor is a huge plus. For a clip-on, you can't beat the accuracy this little unit gives you. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Erikson review  I had the red Snark and a couple others. This one is the best ive tried so far. No problems and does give you a tighter faster tuning. 6 stars if they had it that high. overallrating 5   lineend
name Christopolis79 review It's hard to find a good clip-on tuner that's accurate and visible in all situations. The Snark SN-8(B) is my favorite so far.  It's really bright, more accurate that other Snarks, and (despite other reviews saying it breaks easily) I've found it to be sturdy enough considering how flexible it is.  Again, it's a clip-on tuner so don't expect razor-sharp accuracy.  But it does a good enough job for what it is.  It's quick and convenient.  If you need something more accurate I recommend investing in a good pedal.  I've found the swivel to be a nice feature that makes it easy to see the display.  I don't typically use the metronome feature, but it's nice to have it.  Overall, my favorite Snark model and my favorite clip-on tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name Clayton A. Cohn review Not only are they inexpensive, but they hold up very well. I have a ton because I keep one on the end of each guitar. Furthermore, they are very accurate as well. SO worth it just to not have the hassle of finding a tuner every time I want to change tunings.Bottom line: Inexpensive, well-made, accurate, time-saving. Buy it now. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cliff review I have had this for quite some time now and the original battery is still going strong.  I use it maybe once a week and it tune easily and accurately on both my acoustic and electric.  Great design.  I cant see how they could improve this at all. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Dreifus review Wanted a tuner not dependent on a quiet environment.So far, works well.Sometimes slightly imprecise on a bass string, but generally works great. Can tune up quickly every time. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dennis review  I love the Snark tuners but don't know that I'd call it super tight or faster than the older SN-2. I feel the display is an improvement - easy on the eyes. Hopefully, more reliable than SN-2. I've had pixels dropping out on one SN-2 that is less than a year old but have another one that is doing fine. Too soon to tell if the SN-8 will hang in there.I don't see it as a faster device than the older model and have had coupling problems with it clamped to an SG. Don't know why as it works fine with acoustics and Strat. Response time on the SG is longer than the older SN-2 model but, I haven't yet tried to understand what's going on with it. Have't tried it on bass yet but, I know that the SN-2 didn't play well with the E string open. No big deal, I just tune it at 12th fret. Could choose any note since it's chromatic. Speaking of which, playing along with a song that was pitch shifted is easier with the Snark. Tune any string to match the song and then, tune the other strings with the same displayed error.Bottom line is that it's a great tuner and it's not likely that I'll get much use out of the old Korg tuner that once balanced on my knee. overallrating 4   lineend
name DeTechTive review  This guitar tuner is simply AMAZING!!! I feel like I should have paid at least 50 bucks for this thing, but $13 is practically a freaking steal! The display is so nice, the quality is amazon, and this thing is beyond accurate! Never using another tuner again in my life. SNARK forever! overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald Cross review This tuner works great! I am not able to vouch for accuracy, who but the best tone person can? overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald review Very good for a quick tune up. Might be a little to tight for checking intonation. Very fast readout and fast on off. overallrating 4   lineend
name Douglas Kelban review This is one great piece of equipment. Even on an unplugged electric guitar, just clamp it on the end of the guitar, and it picks up vibration for tuning easily, and tunes spot-on. Adding to that is it's convenient small size, and being unbelievably cheap price. Why spring for an expensive tuner when this does such a good job? overallrating 5   lineend
name D.T. review This thing is dead on the money when it comes to tuning.  It has many features I have yet to utilize, but good to know they are there if needed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Electrosandwich review This tuner really delivers, its inexpensive and accurate , much better than the SN1. Do not be fooled by the broader gradients on the SN 8, if you are in the green , you are in tune. SN 8 is also far more reliable, no notorious having to adjust the neck to get a reading as in the SN 1 and 2. I use mine with ukulele and guitars, and both get tuned accurately with it. overallrating 5   lineend
name fotoguy review I don't play professionally so there is no need to buy expensive pedal tuners such as Hardwire HT-6, Polytune or Korg Pitchblack.  I researched for other alternatives and decided on a review  s and all of them are under $20.  I visited each manufacturers' website for more information and found out about the Snark SN-8.  Snark claims that it's their best tuner yet.  If their SN-1 can go toe to toe with the others, then I would assume that their best will do even better.  I took the plunge and ordered one.  I have only 2 requirements for a tuner:1.  It should be accurate.2.  It should be fast.The Snark SN-8 delivered on both counts and more!  It came with other extras like \"tap tempo metronome\ \"super tight tuning\ \"pitch calibration\ \"transpose features\" etc.  I may not have any use for all of them right now but it's nice to have them at your fingertips.  You can use it for other instruments as well but I only use it for my guitars.  The SN-8 is small & unobtrusive.  The display is bright and easily readable and can turn any which way you like.  After tuning, I turn it off and put it back in the guitar case.  I don't like it hanging in my guitar!  Of course, it doesn't stay long because it tunes fast!  For under $20, these little tuner is all you need.....fast and accurate.  Try it, you won't be disappointed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Frank N. Stein review I own at least 8 of these.  I use them on all of my instruments, including banjo, mandolin, guitar, and Ukelele.  For the price, they cannot be beat, and they leave a small footprint too. overallrating 5   lineend
name Grand &amp;amp;#34;Kiki&amp;amp;#34; review  ed this before.  I like it, works really well.  I have a Lever Harp with 26 strings so I really needed something that would help me keep it well tuned.  One  hint from our son who also has one,  be careful when you &#34;twist&#34; the head, he broke the first one and had to buy another one.  I am very careful How I adjust and have had no problems. overallrating 4   lineend
name G. Thomas review  I love these tuners.  I have tried the intel, krog, boss, etc... and out of all of them, I like the Snark the best.  Response and visual display are awesome.  Unlike a couple of the others I've used, the Snark works well on any place on the headstock.  A couple of the other brands I had to be careful where I positioned them because they didn't respond well.  You can't go wrong with any Snark. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hitthespot review These tuners just seem OK to me.  I still have to touch up my guitar when finished with this tuner.  The accuracy in my opinion just isn't there.  Still nice to have for a quick touch up while practicing.  The price is right. overallrating 3   lineend
name JdoubleH review Edit: I've had to downgrade my star rating a bit, so I've revised my review- full explanation below, but in short, this just doesn't work as well for me as the SN-1.Background- I have the original SN-1 as well, and have had it for a couple years. The ball socket on the back of the tuning head broke fairly quickly when I forgot to remove it from the headstock before putting it in the gig bag (Protec Contego semi-rigid hybrid case with a little more room around the headstock than your average padded bag). I rigged a repair that has worked OK, but figured a replacement was in order. However other than the broken socket, this has been one of the best tuners I've ever used. Very quick and intuitive. Bright and easy to read in all lighting conditions. Fast response on all strings, including the low B on several five string basses. Despite what I feel is a weakness in the design (the fragile socket), I still felt so good about the functionality of the product that I ordered another, this time the SN-8(B) \"Super Tight\" tuner. I decided to go with another model in the hopes that a newer model might be a little better reinforced at the ball sockets (hence the \"super tight\ perhaps?).Out of the box, the SN-8 is almost identical to the original, save for the obvious color differences. Then clamp appears the same and doesn't seem to have any greater clamping force that I could detect. Turning it on though, the display is quite different. Basically, it is much more \"to the point\". The indicator bars either side of the center pitch (\"in-tune\ dead center) are much wider and fewer, meaning a less granular and less precise display, but one that is very easy to read at a glance in any light. This could be a mixed blessing, but the up side is it is brighter, simpler, and potentially quicker for on the fly tuning. The downside is it is not granular enough to say, intonate an instrument's bridge. It also seems to respond much quicker, which I am realizing is also mixed blessing, and here we have the missing star. The speed also means it responds really quickly to all input, meaning it seems to want to constantly change the note it is sensing. It seems much more twitchy than the sn-1. Unless you are able to mute every other string fully, it will jump between notes frequently. This is also one of my (many) complaints about the Planet Waves Mini-Headstock Tuner too.  I've found that attempting to tune with loud background music or other instruments blasting through a PA will cause my instrument to vibrate at other frequencies - even if I successfully mute all other strings, making tuning with the SN-8 that much more difficult. The differences here between the SN-8 and SN-1 are quite noticeable. For that reason, I just ordered another SN-1.I can't say how this tuner would work for other instruments, as I am a bass player. I'm not sure there is or isn't a defect or flaw here, perhaps it just didn't live up to my expectations (set high by my awesome experience with the original). Simply put, my sampling size is too small to say for sure or proclaim this a bad product.  All I know is that it just isn't working very well for me. If I saved the packaging for this one, I may consider sending it back in exchange for a second SN-1 or perhaps another model. If not, it'll probably be the one I hand others when they want to borrow my tuner ;) overallrating 3   lineend
name Jeffrey A. Hawkins review  I was hesitant to purchase this, as I really like the display of the previous models. At first it seems like it might be less accurate. It has less granularity in the display for example. However, it does seem to respond noticeably faster. It appears to be a bit more sensitive and better at tuning bass notes. And it may in fact be more precise, though it takes learning how to work with the display.On earlier Snarks, the display has individual tiny gradients for each cent of pitch above or below the note. And they seemed pretty dead on, especially if you tune from the harmonic at the middle of the string. But I also found that the note would occasionally stall briefly causing me to over-tune. (Though once you get used to it, it is easily avoided.)Anyway, on this unit, I am not sure what each bar represents, but it is very sensitive. If the string is not quite perfect, the \"On pitch\" bar will be lit up, but so will one next to it. Then a slight turn of the tuning peg will bring it right on. Then only the \"On pitch\" bar will be lit (unless you turn too far). And the result sounds really right. I think I'll be putting one of these on most instruments from now on. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeffrey E review  I love this thing.  It quickly and accurately allows for tuning on any instrument I own (electric & acoustic guitars, electric & acoustic bass guitars).  It clips on securely, is easy to see, stays out of the way from my playing hands and is a breeze to turn on & off.  From the front, you can barely notice it at all.  I just leave it on my instrument all the time and use it as needed.  When I switch to another instrument I un-clip it and take it with me to what ever I want to play next.I love this thing.  Love it, love it love it! overallrating 5   lineend
name JerryWithaJ review If an initially unfavorable opinion changes, I owe it to the maker to say so, so I'm saying so!For me, the hardest part of adjusting to a new tuner is throwing out preconceived notions of how it should be used.It's not always easy getting vibration sensing tuners to settle down. In many cases, they jump around until, by the time they settle down, the vibration has decayed to the point where it no longer registers. So, a bit of subjective judgment is sometimes involved.As far as the SN-8 is concerned...WRONG!I've found the SN-8 to, in fact, be Super Tight, BUT one has to insure that there isn't even a HINT of red or yellow on either side of the center green bar.This is what I don't like about the other type of Snark display.  It's not symmetric!  It requires all of the red bars to be lit along with the green, and none of the yellow bars to be lit.  If the rad bars are illuminated constantly, how can you tell if the string is a hair flat?  When I'm on pitch I want  all  indications of sharpness and flatness to vanish.In that regard, the image shown here is wrong! It shows the Super Tight behaving like the other tuners with all of the red bars illuminated along with Green and even a yellow. Uhm...no.The SN-8 is Super Tight, has a touch metronome, and lets you set it down a few semi-tones if that's what floats your boat and, as they say on TV, \"All for an incredibly low price!\"I keep a tuner on each guitar and one in my gig bag, just in case.  At this price, I already have a half dozen Super Tights with two more on the way. overallrating 5   lineend
name JMAC review  I've been playing long enough to remember when &#34;small&#34; electronic tuners were the size of a paperback book and had prices approaching $100.  New tuners like the Snark SN-8(B) are a joy in comparison.  The display is good sized and easy read (without my reading glasses) and the tuner responds quickly and accurately.  The only complaint I've heard about this tuner is that the clamp is tight.  Yeah?  So?  It won't fall off while you're using it (or playing) and you shouldn't leave anything clamped to your guitar when you aren't using it anyway.  You can't beat the price for a tuner this easy to use and it comes with a cleaning/carrying bag too.  I've used it with standard and altered tunings on guitar, bass, banjo, mandolin, ukulele, and tipple.  This one works.One suggestion for any younglings reading this: take it from an old f    - electronic tuners are great, especially for tuning back stage or in other places where it isn't quiet but please, do yourself a favor, and learn to tune by ear.  I've met too many young players that cannot tune a guitar without an electronic tuner.  If the battery dies they are tone deaf.  Trust me, the ability to tune by ear is a skill you will always use.  If a string goes sharp or flat while I'm playing I can tune it back without stopping.  I would not be able to do that if I hadn't learned to tune by ear. overallrating 4   lineend
name Joe Morris review No, this tuner is NOT super tight. It's ok, but not super tight. I bought this because the tuner in the RP1000 is pretty sloppy. Based on owning this for a couple of weeks, I would say that it is just about as sloppy as the RP1000. I will use it on stage, but for recording I will stick to the app on my phone. Oh yeah, I almost forgot -- when you register the tuner you get a PDF download of \"Secret Chords The Pro's Don't Know\". It's good for a laugh.Pros: Bright easy to read display, fast response timeCons: Nowhere near what I would call super tight.Bottom line: Save your bread and get something else if you need a tight tuning. I would suggest the Snark SN-1. It's cheaper and works very well! overallrating 3   lineend
name Joseph Durall review This is very accurate and also very easy to use. The led is easy to see in well lite area as well as dark area. I loved the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Rowland review  .  I have owned about 5 of these Snarks and every single one has broken after about 3-4 months use.  The unit itself is great.  Here is the problem.  Where the tuner attaches to the guitar and where the tuner attaches itself to it's own clip is where this little gem falls short.  Sure, if you put it on a guitar and leave it there at home, it will likely last at least a year and maybe longer requiring a battery change one day if you are lucky.  However, if you travel with it, take it on or off a few guitars a day, or frequently adjust it, it will likely eventually break.  Either the \"rubber feet\" that come into contact with the head stock of the guitar will come off and get lost or the little ball joint that connects the tuner's head to the clip part will break.  Best to get several of these at this great price and just keep one on each of your guitars.  One for the electric, one for the acoustic, etc.  This item does not travel well and is best used at home gently. overallrating 4   lineend
name LARRY review Love this little tuner. I have several reds and several blues and this one seem to be about the same except the displays seems to be more accurate. overallrating 5   lineend
name L. Jones review Tried this and was not happy. Seemed to want to be off too much. Got the Fender FT-004 instead. This one does have a great view on the LED, but if it doesn't tune right, what's the point? I would try the Fender. Just a note. if you want a great tuner try a pedal corded tuner. I would try one at a guitar shop before purchasing. Just a thought. overallrating 2   lineend
name Lochsa Lad review  The Snark SN-8(B)Super Tight All Instrument Tuner is the best Snark tuner I've purchased, of 4 models. This SN-8, has a matte type finish, not glossy, it has a gun metal black look to me which I prefer to the glossy finished models. The dial, is easy to read, the bars on the dial are bold. All Snark Tuners are a great value, they function as well as any brand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Berish review  I have had 2 of these tuners (you'd think I'd learn after one).  They calibrate okay , it's just that they tend to break where the swivel ball fits into the socket of the device (both of mine broke this way).  To me, for the price, it's made cheaply.  Try D'Addario instead; love their tuners. overallrating 1   lineend
name Michael Livote review  If your looking for a great, fast and accurate tuner for your guitar or bass, this is the one for you. It is easy to see in light or dark venues, has great build quality, and helps to tune your instrument in record time. I don't go anywhere without it, it may well be the last tuner you'll ever need.Flaws are few. The battery life could be better and it wont work with acoustics(no built in mic), but then you know that before you buy it, so you cant really complain. It would just be nice if it included one is all.All told, if you need a great tuner, look no further, this is one of the best, especially for the price paid. Why are you still reading this?? Buy it already ;-) overallrating 5   lineend
name Mountain Biker review This clip on tuner by Snark is fantastic, works great!  It alows you to fine tune each string.  Buy it! overallrating 5   lineend
name No Name review I have four Snarks and one other brand.  The Snarks are dependable and have an easy to read display.  Tuning is quick and simple. overallrating 5   lineend
name Philip Gardner review This is the third Snark tuner (the others were Snark II) I have bought. Both of the others broke where the stem joins the clock-type display (could be glued together, but irritating). This one seems to be made of different material and with a bit of luck will be more durable. Why buy this after the experience of the others? Well they are very good and easy to use tuners, and for not much money (my guitar strings cost more!). This one has a great display - full colour and easy to read. I use it on a guitar, a bass and a 12 string and it works well on all of them. overallrating 4   lineend
name Quique review A i'm very impress with the precition of this tuner. It's very light and can adjust very easily on both electric and acoustic guitar. (even using a capo) 100% recommended.Battery is included also, so you can use it right out the box. overallrating 5   lineend
name Raney review The display is very readable but you have to be looking atit from a near perpendicular angle.  Maybe I'm using it wrong but Ihave trouble finding anywhere to clip it but my pegs.  But from there it works great,just have to work to find a peg at the right position to afford a  good angle. overallrating 4   lineend
name Robert Baxter review Easy, accurate and, best of all, it swivels to any position and stays upright for easy viewing. I've tried other brands and they don't swivel correctly. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robin Lopate review The Snark tuners are very accurate and the price on this could not be beat!  Great tuner.  I got about three of them! overallrating 5   lineend
name Rock Daisy review I had to get used to this tuner at first.  I have used a different brand up until this purchase.  An experienced guitar teacher recommended this one to me.  Glad he did, the price is way affordable on this site and it's really easy to use! overallrating 5   lineend
name R. READ review  I clipped it on the neck (head) of my acoustic guitarIt tunes up well and is very easy to readI turn it off after tuning but leave it on the guitar while playingI have not used it enough to test the battery lifeBut so far so good. Great for the price.All Pros and No Cons so far overallrating 5   lineend
name Saltydawg review This is a very useful tuner since it's small, fast and pretty rugged.  I've dropped mine several times with no damage to the rubbery-like casing.  I have an older model that I still use, also. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sam Nunn review Small enough to keep along with your guitar to make sure it is in tune each time you play a little. I wish it was a little faster but it is close to as fast as my Sony and Korg plug in tuners. It clips onto the guitar easily, stays put, and is not intrusive by weight or size. The bars are easy to see and are accurate. overallrating 5   lineend
name sam sultan review I personally use this in conjunction with my TU-3 on the ground but honestly it just gets a read faster than the TU sometimes and it's a fraction of the cost. Really efficient way to go in my opinion. I am a pit orchestra musician and I've lent it to people who play LOTS of different instruments and it really tends to work well with all of them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Samuel Paul review Great tuners, Ive had the snark 1s i think (the blue ones) and they were really good the rubber part always fell off. It is too early to tell if this will last longer but so far so good overallrating 5   lineend
name S. C. Dallman review This is the newer version of the original Snarks. I have bought the red, blue and older black models. These are great. Fast and reliable, and accurate. This new \"Super Tight\" is a bit faster and is slightly more accurate than the others, but the older units are still excellent. The display is a little brighter, but I think the battery life is a little less than the originals. I can't recommend these enough. overallrating 5   lineend
name Steve review This tuner does a great job tracking notes rather quickly, and I've enjoyed using it.  It does its job, and it's well worth the money. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sunn Kram review For $13, its hard to say anything bad about this gadget. It's accurate in any sound environment, easy to read in any light, very portable, and will tune any stringed instrument. The visual metronome with no click or beep is pretty useless but that's a silly extra that doesn't interfere with anything so no problem. overallrating 5   lineend
name tj review This is hands-down the best tuner I've  ever  owned. The Snark SN8 works extremely well, and being chromatic, works on every stringed instrument I own (guitar, bass, banjo, violin) no matter what key the instrument is tuned to. I still use my Korg Pitchblack inline with my bass (also a very nice product), but that is mainly to get more cord length across the stage and still keep my signal strong. This little baby is amazingly easy to use, and always accurate. It has a nice bright easy to read display in any lighting situation and makes tuning a breeze and not a hassle (just as it should be - I've personally always hated those Boss pedal tuners). It simply does its job and does it very well.Also, buying this item from Amazon saved me quite a bit over the local Guitar Center, which is always a big plus. It feels tough too, this thing feels like it can easily handle the rigors of being tossed around, which is a very good thing. Despite the flimsy way the seller packaged this for shipping, the product arrived intact, and fast. I would have cropped a star for a damaged product in that little wimpy envelope they sent it in. Fortunately mine arrived in perfect condition (no thanks to that paper envelope - seriously, they should use a stiff cardboard envelope or small tube or something).I could not be happier, at least until I buy another one to keep at the house while the first stays in my gig bag. overallrating 5   lineend
name Todd S. review I bought this for a friend who's previous tuner was lost. I have to say... I've been so impressed by how easy this is to read, that I'll probably buy one for myself now.Other than a great display and accurate tuning... this is made with a move-able arm between the tuner and the clip. The arm is a dual ball joint and allows you to configure this is any position you'd like.I wasn't expecting it to be this nice. Very cool! overallrating 5   lineend
name Tony review I used it about twice and so far it is a good product I also use it to check sync with my other tuners overallrating 4   lineend
name Video Services Of Va review I would say as long as you dont try to use this as a floorjack, it will work just fine for you. I dont wrench the arm around like all star wrestling and it appears to work fine for me. I love the way it sits right on top of the headstock and you can tune instantly. Nice and bright, easy to see.  Had it about 4 weeks now and on all of my guitars. Remember its a guitar tuner, not an impact wrench. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wes review I read some mixed reviews about the unit but I&#8217;ve not noticed anything abnormal with mine. Seems to do an accurate job and really cheap price. overallrating 5   lineend
name ANorton review I've tried so many other strings over the years just to see if I was missing something. I wasn't. There's something about the feel and tone of Ernie Ball Regular Slinkys that I absolutely love. My local music store has 3 for the price of 2 deal on strings, which is a nice deal; however, this deal is a little sweeter. If you can wait for the delivery, it's a no brainer. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Candy review Something about EB Strings, they really are \"slinky\" - whatever that means. They have a cool vibe and make my guitars sound better.  Plus they are a little easier on the fingers than the other big brands. overallrating 5   lineend
name dgray5150 review Ernie Balls strings at a great price - nothing more to say overallrating 5   lineend
name Saltydawg review I've been using these strings on all my guitars, electric and acoustic, since the mid-70s.  I've tried many others, but always come back to Ernie Balls.  They tune better and they keep the \"new strings\" sound longer and that's the main plus, but they just \"feel\" good.  I play and practice a lot and I abuse strings...these can take it and come back for more! overallrating 5   lineend
name T. Winkler review  I recently got myself a Kenny Wayne Shepherd Stratocaster guitar, I decided that since the guitar he had a set of tens strings installed I would go with these.They work flawlessly.The qualities excellent cannot go wrong with Ernie Ball strings no matter what gauge you get. overallrating 5   lineend
name A Carter review I got this for our church. I got sick of seeing the guitars against the wall. They where very easy to put together and now the guitars are off the wall and sitting on the stands perfectly. overallrating 4   lineend
name Igor B. review Musician's Gear Tubular Guitar Stand Black Pair is a good deal for musician. Buy it, if you would like to have your guitars ready to play anytime you want to. overallrating 5   lineend
name James E. Perkins review I'm happy with them. SO much easier having my guitars in a stand i can grab when I want. These stands are decent quality and pretty reasonably priced. overallrating 5   lineend
name k2review review very happy. Holds my lies Paul and schechter guitars very well. Had a bit of a chemical smell when first opened. overallrating 5   lineend
name LJS review These are solid stands for holding your guitars. I use them with my six string acoustic and my six string electric guitars and they work great. They are an excellent value.The reason they are so important to have is that, by having your guitars out and available to play, you will get more practice. They help me pick up my guitars much more often. Instead of dragging out the case and getting a single 20 minute session, I might get 4 or 5 10 minute sessions a night -- more on the weekends.Stands of this quality were about three times the cost at my local music store. I highly recommend these for around the house use. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pen Name review Cheap stands get the job done i have 0 problems so far. I've taken them from new jersey to south carolina overallrating 4   lineend
name RobertB review I bought a couple of these two years ago. They are a sturdy but lightweight stand. The small footprint is nice for those with limited space. I use for both electric and acoustic guitars. I will say that the two I recently purchased are NOT the same as the ones purchased in 2011. The pictured product is the same but the actual product is not. The newer stands have a rear leg that is about half the length as the older model. The tubing is smaller on the upright piece and the body support. The body support now inserts through the base tube; the earlier design had a reinforced tube that accepeted the body support piece. The rubber feet are also smaller. These changes appear to make the newer stand less sturdy and stable, however I believe the stand will be adequate for most full size guitars. I didn't notice any offensive rubber odor others have reported. There may be a concern about damage to certain finish. I would simply wrap the rubber or replace it with an inert material. overallrating 4   lineend
name tgn1956 review I needed to have a place to sit my guitars and bass. These things work really great. I love them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andy Baird review  I'll echo what others have said: this is a superbly built instrument for the price, and I don't know how Epiphone can make them to sell so inexpensively. It looks, feels and plays like an instrument that cost at least twice as much.A few notes: what looks in the product photos like a black finish around the edges and on the back and sides of the &#34;Vintage&#34; model is actually a super-rich deep, deep mahogany/maroon color, and it's unbelievably beautiful.As others have said, the factory-supplied strings are crap; if you judge the instrument by them, you'll be disappointed. Include a set of Aqila Nylgut strings when you order this ukulele, and restring it as soon as you get it.I was a little surprised that the sound was quieter than my $60 Kala soprano uke--normally, one expects a concert ukulele to have a louder, fuller sound. But the Les Paul has a relatively small soundbox compared to an all-acoustic ukulele, and that probably accounts for the quieter tone. I think it's a  better  tone, and I'm more interested in delicacy than in loudness, so I'm happy with it. If I wanted stadium-filling volume, I could always plug this into a stack of Marshall amps.Oh, I almost forgot one important note to all owners: IT IS POSSIBLE TO REMOVE THE STUPID, UGLY PICK GUARD! Since ukulele players rarely use picks, and when we do, we use soft rubber or felt ones, there's no need to protect the finish from scratching, and that white pick guard really detracts from the instrument's looks.I applied gentle heat from a hair dryer on its low power setting for about ten minutes, and very slowly and gently pried up the edges of the pick guard with my fingernails--no sharp tools! It came off pretty cleanly, leaving only a few small spots of adhesive residue. I was able to get rid of those with small amounts of rubbing alcohol on cotton, without any damage to the luscious ultra-glossy lacquer finish. And the ukulele looks SO much better now! If you feel as I do, feel free to do likewise. Just remember the key words: SLOW and GENTLE. Don't force anything, and you should be fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bubb Rubb review Upon arrival, I was astonished. With a box as monstrous as the one this little number arrived in, I was expecting a ukulele made for Andre the Giant.It's not quite as big as the packaging leads one to believe but the sound sure is!The unplugged tone is warm and sweet, like the most delightful brownie you could ever imagine. Plugged in it really shines. I paired mine with a Pignose 7-100 for street performing and, while it is a bit too chilly to play for nickels at the moment, I have no doubt this will pay for itself in the long run.I was slightly surprised at how slim the body is (similar in scale to an actual Les Paul), as I was expecting a fuller body but it doesn't hurt the playability a bit.The finish is gorgeous and the little stick-on pickguard is just too adorable for words.If you're hemming and hawing over getting one, just do it. You'll be oh so pleasantly surprised. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chesslovenpyro review I recently purchased this ukulele from a local Guitar Center. When i first got there i was looking at the Lanikai brand, but when i picked it up it was so light and thin that I felt like a strong wind could tear it apart. Then I saw this one. It has a little bet of weight and had a fuller sound than the other ukes in my price range. I have already learned the basic chords and can't wait to become proficient with this instrument. overallrating 5   lineend
name Constantinople review I enjoy playing this thing so much. It's reasonably quiet acoustically, but it shines when plugged in. Plus is looks good - the actual color and finish are quite rich and shiny, respectively.It stays in tune (after string break-in) and the intonation is ok - not spot on but definitely good enough. The tuners are basic, but they work well. It is thinner than a normal uke, about half the body depth. I find holding it without a strap to be harder than a normal sized uke, but with a strap it's very comfortable.Mine came with the pick guard in the bag pocket. The bag itself is also pretty basic, but good enough for what it is - a bag to hold your uke and some misc. items overallrating 4   lineend
name Daryl J. Healey review  This is a sweet ukulele and it looks just as sweet as it sounds! Change the strings immediately, and you have yourself an excellent sounding instrument.  Amplify it with a touch of chorus and feel it too!Only drawback - there is no volume control on the instrument itself.The amp cable that is included is nothing to write home about, and the gig back is a cheap nylon deal - BUT, it's all about the instrument, and I give that a 5. overallrating 5   lineend
name kiboy review  The action was a little high for my taste.  The strings are not good and need to be replaced as soon as possible. Why do they sell an instrument with crap strings? That is a total mystery to me because it really detracts from the initial impression of the instrument.  Otherwise it's well built and works.  Really it's a three and a half star IMO, it's not as nice sounding or as playable as my Mahalo hardbody which was about the same cost and came set up with perfect action and with aquila strings. overallrating 3   lineend
name Rad5030 review My wife was worried about what to get me for Christmas, I really didn't want anything (other than the Harley I have been asking for for 25 years, maybe next???) and while surfing Amazon I came across this Les Paul. I had to laugh since it looks so much like my Gibson Les Paul, kind of like a review  .Wow with the new strings it is totally like a different instrument, it now sounds as good as it looks and sooooo much easier on the ole fingers. I just love it now!!!!So if you decide to get one of these Mini Me Les Paul's do yourself a favor and get.......A set if Aqila stringsAquila USA Aquila Concert Ukulele StringsA Snark Uke Tuner SN-6Snark SN-6 Ukulele TunerA nice leather guitar strapFender Plain Leather Guitar Strap With Fender Logo, BlackandA Daily Ukulele Song Book by Jumpin JimThe Daily Ukulele: 365 Songs for Better Living  [DAILY UKULELE] [Paperback]You will love all of these items I am sure.When it arrives be sure to practice \"Billie Jean\" played by Jim Hill...see it on YouTube...it is a riot![...]orJake Shimabukuro Bohemian Rhapsody[...]Enjoy! overallrating 5   lineend
name Shastastan review  I really don't see how Gibson can make and sell these for $99!  The tech at the guitar shop can't see how either.  I plugged this into my roland micro cube and tried some effects.  I was really surprised to see how well they sounded.  I'm not a guitar player so this uke is just a toy/experiment for me.  If you are really into electric sound, I recommend going the guitar route.  If you just want to play around a little, this uke will do. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayfinder review   SHIPPING.  The Epiphone comes wrapped in  protective foam, inside a gig bag, which is inside a sturdy standard tri-shaped box, which is itself shipped inside a HUGE box twice its size and totally surrounded by sturdy bubble plastic.  That huge box is then inside yet ANOTHER huge box.  Honestly, to protect this better they'd have had to contact Tony Stark.  It would take real skill and intent to damage this thing in shipping.  EXCELLENT job.  5 stars on that alone.  SIZE. Overall length 24 review  s here expect the sound to improve significantly once those are added.  ACTION. I've rarely seen a purchased instrument that has perfect action off the shelf and this is no exception. The action is fairly high (not uncommon with off-the-shelf instruments).  One will need to remove the strings (keep them for emergency spares), file down the bridge bottom (easily done with a flat surface and sandpaper) and add a new set of quality strings.  I'm a perfectionist when it comes to action (as are most players I know), so this will be tweaked.  DURABILITY.  It's very durable.  That counts for the gig bag too.  No cheap \"tent nylon\" there-- but thick nylon that will really resist tearing.  As others mentioned I'd still look for a decent hard case; they average under $40.  A good instrument is worth protecting.  But I'd say this could take some real punishment and still play well-- not that I'd go bashing it against a stage floor.  That would be goofy.  WEIRD SUGGESTION:  Hang on to the box it comes in.  It makes a great temporary \"hard shell\" case. It's made of rather sturdy cardboard and does a pretty good job of protecting the uke.  Great for hauling around in your car if you can't shell out for a shell. Seriously... that is some stiff cardboard.  Protects well.  : )  ELECTRONICS.  The sound is clear. Sadly there is no volume/tone control, no battery to preamp, and thus the signal to the amp was quite low.  They could have done better on that end.  But wow, at this price how can one gripe?Two solutions to this:1) Open up the end plate and totally replace the electronics with something better (including a tone and volume knob somewhere accessible).  That's the tricky way.2) Put a preamp on this. You can buy one here on Amazon for about 15 bucks. If you have a mini-mixer you can do the same thing with that.  Even with that little extra expense you'll come out ahead.Aside from the passive electronics... this is a PRIME instrument.  It is a mid-size uke so you can choose to string it either as a soprano (if you're careful and don't tune it too quickly) or a baritone (guitar 4th - 1st string, E-high), depending on the strings you choose.Considering what you get for the price... I don't think this can be beat.  Unfortunately, my extra-long fingers find this very difficult to play... something I didn't consider when ordering a uke.  But that's a physical difficulty and no fault of the instrument.  The product itself is excellent. overallrating 5   lineend
name Alfredo review This is a great deal for two microphone stands.  They are well constructed and are very flexible; can be used with an instrument or just as an ordinary microphone stand.  Several adjustment areas allow the perfect height/positioning.  These should last a long time as long as they're not abused. overallrating 5   lineend
name Christopher John Taylor review  These are solid, good build quality and really do get the job done well.Easily adjustable, versatile in design and function, get em! overallrating 5   lineend
name James Dulworth review I bought these as back up stands and now use them all the time, they perform just as good as the better stands and I liked the 2 pack value... Nice... overallrating 5   lineend
name Jason Lewis review This microphone stand it a fairly good buy.  Because it is a light and portable stand, it is not built to be fully extended with microphones, such as the Behringer XM1800S.  Adding a counter weight maybe needed if you have a heavier condenser microphone.  I found that I needed to line up one of the legs directly under the boom when it was fully extended.  As it stands, I would suggest this as a fairly good deal. overallrating 4   lineend
name jimrenfroe review Received these with lightining speed! They came heavily guarded in boxes so shipping is less likey to mess them up. Alot of adjustments to these, and they actually adjusted high enough for me at 6'5\" to be able to sing at Lemmy's angle! Great for singing, micing amps and such. These are 39.99 each at a local music store so....Update: These are perfect for micing amps or for use as a drummer's mic, but if you grab it with some enthusiasm, the plastic part the mic attaches too will separate and the whole thing will come off in your hand. I used clear epoxy on both and have yet to have any more trouble like that. I still say they are good for the price, just need a dab of glue to ensure no incidents happen. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jon F review I expected cheap mic stands missing a few things that more expensive ones had.  To be honest, I'm not missing anything.  They have all the features and versatility you'll ever need.  Perfect for what I want to do.  They even come with a clamp for your cable. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lee review Some of the stands I have purchased are hollow, some are solid (at the part that screws together to adjust the height of the stand). The hollow ones are a PITA because they are easier to strip and bend. All mic stand inventories I have bought from (budget lines) have this issue. I wish they would specify exactly what you are going to get in your box. overallrating 3   lineend
name L. Rapoport review  I know the old saying you get what you pay for and that is just the case here.  The unit is very light weight and the legs are too small to hold any decent mic like a RODE M1 mic or similar.I knew at this price it might not be great and took a shot, but I opened one, tried to use it and can't. It was a total waste of money, but doesn't pay to return it.  I suppose if you have a small mic that has basically no weight to it, it might serve your purpose.  Again, you get what you pay for and these are indeed budget light stands. overallrating 2   lineend
name R. Wristen review  The adjustment screw for the boom is a piece of crap, a really small set screw that strips out almost immediately.  Replace that with something stronger and this would be a great stand.  They are light weight and if all you need is mic support in a fixed setting, good enuf okay I guess.  But after transporting and reset, I found them to be junk. overallrating 1   lineend
name Steveo review I got these recently. A local Music shop was wanting $80 per stand so couldn&#8217;t believe the price of these. Was expecting cheap and very plastic and was very pleasantly surprised. Great quality an very robust. overallrating 5   lineend
name Willie V. Hughes review I didn't know when I ordered these mic stands that they were On Stage stands. They are fully adjustable, great for angling over cymbals to record drums or for using without the boom as great stands for vocal mics. Excellent quality. I'm very happy with this set. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Perry review  I wanted P-90 pickups. They do make noise kind of like an old album. Once you start playing you don't notice it though. Other than that the guitar stays tuned and is a blast for a beginner like me to bang around on. It looks really good! overallrating 5   lineend
name jschristian44 review I am still considering myself a beginner with the guitar.  I have learned a few songs, but I still am not that good enough to spend a huge amount of money on a guitar.  I wanted something that would sound nice and still be relatively cheap.  I had the Dean Electric Guitars in the past and a Fender Acoustic a while ago.  The Fender and the Dean's were very nice.  I thought the Dean's had a very nice sound to them and so did the Fender.  This guitar has a very nice sound to it as well.  I couldn't figure out the different tunings on it though.  It said Rhythm and Treble and then just regular in the middle.  I kept it on the regular because it sounded normal.  The other one's must be for some special type of music.  But this guitar sounded just as good if not better than the Dean's.  It is also very easy to hold unlike the Dean's I have found.  The Dean's also had warped necks which made some notes not playable and I have not found one on this guitar which is a plus.  But this is a very nice beginner's guitar if your just looking to get started.  I would stay away from those Fender knockoff's and stuff like that and get this guitar.  I also got the cheap Rogue amp to use with it and it sounds great, plenty loud enough if not too loud sometimes.  All in all, a very nice bargain. overallrating 5   lineend
name Marktwain10 review  I have owned this guitar for about 2 years now, and it still has a great sound and is very playable, especially for the money. It stays in tune very well even though the tuners do seem a little cheaper than Epiphones I've owned in the past... but hey, they work so why change them? The overall fit and finish of the guitar is excellent for the price point, and mine has the flat black finish which hides fingerprints very well. The neck is fast and smooth and great for quick playing. The single coil p90 style pickups on this guitar scream with their own beautiful raw sound, and were the reason I bought this guitar. Take note that p90's do make a humming sound when you're not playing, which can be remedied by turning down the volume knob. This is why humbucker style pickups were invented, but the compromise of a humbucker is you lose a lot of the bite and energy that p90's give you. It really has the sound of a higher dollar guitar. I currently play it through a Fender Vibro Champ tube amp and this combo really makes playing guitar fun. I recommend this guitar if you're on a budget like me, or even if you're not on a budget and want a p90 equipped guitar in your stable. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul McDermitt review  As a gigging musician and guitar player for over 25 years I am always in the hunt for something different. I love Fenders especially telecasters (I love the simplicity of two pickups, two knobs, and a p-up selector). I wanted something with P-90s and have been impressed with budget level guitars as of late. You can get a lot more for your money these days.I pulled the trigger on one of these Les Paul Special P-90 by Epi and have been really impressed. I actually bought it as a modification platform but as of yet, I can't really think of anything to change.Pros - Simple, TV yellow is great looking with wood grain showing through, Shorter scale has that familiar Les Paul feel. Sounds KILLER through my tube amps (Peavey Classic 30 and 50, Fender Blues Jr.), lightweight, stays in tune, cheap price (not afraid to take it out to a gig, not afraid to have it stolen, let my kids play it, etc.), comfortable neck profile.Cons - Cheap tuners (but stay in tune), cheap electronics (wiring), some frets are long and sharp (my high E string gets caught under the 14th/15th fret - I haven't filed it yet), messy job at nut and fret board.All in all, this is a great guitar for a great price. I still plan on modding it, but as it stands it is perfect with all its imperfections. My upgrades, if any, will be new pots, caps, wiring, nut, perhaps tuners. No need to replace these pickups. You get to a certain point of diminishing returns when modding a cheap guitar like this. At a certain point your cost of upgrades will exceed the cost of the instrument.As a bit of a guitar snob (love my US Fenders) this guitar is getting a lot of action. I say this one just may be a keeper. overallrating 5   lineend
name sid review Big disappointment. I've been so impressed by Epiphone's but this one didn't do it. Quality of manufacture and assembly great. Pickups far less than inspiring. Yes, it's a great platform but was so expecting those P90 sound. I may have received the one in a hundred lemons as so many have commented positively on it. Just didn't have the tone and bite I was expecting.I could certainly invest in some PUP's but I have too many great P90 guitars to bother. Roll of the dice I guess. overallrating 2   lineend
name StudioDude review I have spent a good month with my new guitar, and I am impressed. The pickups don't suck, the potentiometers are surprisingly good, the tuners are not very good, but I can live with them. The fretwork was second to none, absolutely the best fretwork I've seen in a guitar under $500. The 60's neck profile is very fast and comfortable, and it's a satin finished neck and body (unfinished fretboard). It's also not a very heavy guitar (considering that it's a mahogany body and neck). My main issue with this guitar is that the wraparound bridge/tailpiece breaks wound strings easily. I have gone through 4 6th, and 2 5th strings in the single month I have owned this guitar. Upgrade it to something better. Your strings will thank you. Oh, and (this goes without saying) UPGRADE THE STOCK STRINGS! overallrating 5   lineend
name BAT review These were just what I needed.  Over the years, some of the bridge pins on my 12-Sttring Acoustic Guitar have broken and had to be replaced.  Some of them had the white dot, some didn't, therefore, they didn't look uniform.  With these pins, the guitar now looks like it did when I bought it.  Thank You. James Edward(BAT)Owens overallrating 5   lineend
name D. WALTER review I just recieved these in the mail today, and these seem to be much better quality than the original pegs in my guitar! Not much else to describe, they're fairly simple to use, and they're selling you 12 of them, so I have a spare set now! My original pegs were also white, on an all black guitar, so I'm totally excited for the new look these pegs give my guitar. I definitely recommend these for anyone that needs/wants black pegs for their acoustic, or acoustic/electric gutiar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gerardo Piero Pavone review Good for the price, but  If you can spend a few dollars more, I would recommend the graph tech ones. overallrating 4   lineend
name LARRY review good quality plastic and attractive and cheap replacement for any acoustic guitar, slotted with taper and fits well in my bridges overallrating 5   lineend
name the goat review they did the job.  they're plastic.  they didn't cost much.  fit my 12 string with no problems.  they aren't bone, brass, wood, pearl, don't expect them to be. overallrating 4   lineend
name Chandler review I love this tuner! Its awesome to use and efficient! The only thing I wonder about sometimes is how accurate they actually are. To my ear it sounds good but you never know??? overallrating 5   lineend
name Drew review This is my new favorite tuner. Not only can you just clip it to the head of your guitar and leave it there permanently, it works like a champ. I don't mean that it works, I mean that it works better than any of my other tuners. It is SUPER tight. It recognizes pitch differences that my ear can't, leaving a better tune than my RP255 or any of the old cheap korg tuners and the like I've got laying around.I plan on buying these for all my guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dr. Freud review this tuner works great.  it is easy to see and accurate for basic guitar tuning.  I use mine all the time between different alternative tunings.  I liked it so much, I bought one for my grandson who is learning to play guitar as well.  a great investment unless you have a perfect ear. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe McParland review I purchased two Fender instruments, a mandolin and an acoustic guitar, each of which came with a Fender clamp-on tuner with similar functionality, but I thought to give the Snark a try. I haven't used the sound versus vibration mode much, nor have I done much with the metronome function much--I can't speak to them; however, I am very pleased with the vibration tuning. Compared to the Fender, both will get your strings tuned well; what I like better about the Snark is there is a almost no dwell from the last note stuck before the next note registers. With the Fender, I feel I have to wait a few seconds for the screen to clear before striking again, and that adds up when moving from string to string.  The Snark is bulkier in the soft gig bag; the trade-off is any easy-to-read display. Lately, it's become my go-to tuner. overallrating 4   lineend
name realsteel review This is not just a tuner - its a peacekeeper for our band.  Arguing over tuning can really take up time.  It works so good everyone in our acoustic string band is required to have one attached!  I do kind of miss the fights over who's in tune and who's flat, though.  Excellent product, though the metronome is of no value, but that's not important.  We use it for guitars, violins, violas, cello, bass guitar, voice training, and ordering pizza (who ever is out of tune pays the pizza bill). overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob review A great little amplifier.  Good quality, good built in effects, and is still easy to carry around.  I replaced the stock speaker with an Eminence Rajun Cajun, which has improved the tone and provided increased volume. The amp is now capable of being used at small gigs. I would highly recommend. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fender Guy review  I've been using this amp for a few months and I'm very pleased with the overall quality and performance. I was looking for a small studio amp and watched the demo video on YouTube. I ordered it through Amazon and it arrived quickly. The amp has two shades or flavors as I call it. I only use the clean side or input one. This is what Fender calls Blaceface Clean. No matter how hard you push that channel it won't break up and sounds great with no FX's running. I really haven't used channel two much. These are all your pre-sets which many amps are doing these days. I'm pretty much old school and like to find my own sound. However they do sound very good and you can change a lot of these settings both from the front panel and through your computer. The amp itself hooks right into your USB connection such as Gargeband or other recording boards or software. The amp is all tube and sounds better the longer you leave it on... It's a loud 15 watts... I have used this amp on smaller gigs without any problems. If your looking for a studio/home/1st amp you can't go wrong with this guy. It's now my go to amp in the studio. You can make this amp sound many different ways and with an FX chain in front of channel one (how I run it) the sky is the limit. Haven't used the software that you need to download from Fender but will look at it later. right now this amp doesn't need to be tweaked for me...I loved it right out of the box! Give it a test drive and let your ears decide... overallrating 5   lineend
name Ima Fish review  This is the greatest practice amp ever.  And by practice I mean practicing by yourself and with a band.First, it's all tube, so it sounds really good.  It's gets nice and dirty as you crank it and sounds warm at all volumes.  It also takes pedals well and can sound like a beast.Second, it's 15 watts and is pretty darn loud.  I've used it for band practice and it's definitely loud enough to keep up with a drummer.  At a bar you'll probably need to mic it or use the included line-out.Third, if the 10&#34; speaker isn't loud enough, you can plug it into a cabinet to push more air, it sounds great in the 4x12 and 2x12 cabs I have.  That'll make it loud enough for most bars.Fourth, it has great sounding built in effects, nearly everything you'll need.  Most small tube amps don't have built in effects.  So if you're trying to practice down in the living room, you're forced to drag your effects with you.  That's annoying.  With this amp everything is built in.Fifth, unlike a lot of tube amps, this one gets very quiet.  You can turn it way down, keep the warm tone, and practice without bothering anyone else.Sixth, the price is amazing.  All tube, build in effects, and line and speaker out... wow.  Fender is basically giving these things away.I love this amp so much I want to buy one for every guitarist I know.  The only downsides are that it does not come with a cover and a footswitch.  But considering the price, that's understandable. There's no reason to include those if most people are not going to use them.  You'll only want the cover and footswitch if you're playing in a band. overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review I have owned many solid state and modeling amplifiers, including a few of the Vox Valvetronix series.  However, this is both my first Fender amp, as well as my first true &#34;tube&#34; amp.  First, some clarification is needed on &#34;tube&#34; vs. &#34;modeling&#34; amp.  The Fender Super Champ X2 is absolutely a tube amp - it has one 12AX7 and two 6V6's, and they are involved in both the preamp and power amp stages.  However, the amplifier has a modeling component on top of that true tube tone, which is what allows it to project different &#34;voices&#34;.  Contrary to what some posters have written, Channel 1 does also have some front-end modeling, except that the the model is fixed for &#34;Blackface&#34; tone and controlled by a separate volume know (no gain control).  Channel 2 offers 16 different &#34;Voice&#34; presets and 10 of these model a variety of vintage Fender amplifiers, including the Tweed Deluxe, Bassman, Deluxe, Princeton, and Twin.  Settings 9-15 model a variety of other popular amps, including the Vox AC30 and Marshall.Overall, I found the available tones to be excellent.  Unlike my Valvetronix, where I more or less settled on a particular setting and used it at all times, I could really see myself flipping between the different models and seeing how they respond to different guitars.  One thing that should be noted if you plan on changing models frequently - you may have to adjust volume, gain, bass, and treble to dial in the same amount of volume as you move from amp to amp.  However, I found the levels to be much more uniform in output than in other amps with a modeling component.  Also, the X2 does not suffer from a lot of the excess noise or &#34;hissing&#34; you hear with digital modeling amps.The tones that come out of the 10&#34; speaker of the Super Champ X2 are very rich and touch-responsive, as you'd expect from a tube amp.  The amp has TONS of high-end sparkle, but some of the settings only start to open up if you increase the volume (true of many amps).  The stock speaker, which is Fender's own design (and has a ceramic magnet, I believe), is frequently criticized as a weak point.  However, it is certainly passable and if you are new to tube amps (or only intend on playing at bedroom levels), you're unlikely to take issue with it.  The Eminence Ragin' Cajun is a commonly suggested replacement that apparently adds significant amounts of output and low end.  But, again, the amp is plenty loud and full-sounding for its size.  Better intended for home/studio use than most gigs, but it excels at what it does.That brings us to the effects section and the Fender FUSE software that works with the amp via USB cable.  Frankly, I'm not a fan of most on-board effects with combo amplifiers.  I prefer to use pedals for modulation, delay, and some overdrive/distortion.  The good new is that the on-board reverbs (which include spring, room, hall, and a few others if you install them from the software) are quite good.  You can also reassign the presets to different effects.  So, if you want a flanger with a reverb, you can have a setting for that.  If you want a different type of delay mixed with a particular reverb, you can do that too.  The Tap Tempo button is a great modern convenience to go with those effects.  But, as I said, while they represent a good value for players that don't want to invest in pedals, I'm more likely to use my Boss DD-3 than the on-board delay, and so on.The build quality of the Super Champ X2 is largely excellent.  The grill is wound tightly and with the same convincing shimmer of some of Fender's more expensive amps.  The amp weighs in at 24 pounds and is extremely portable with the handle on top.  One thing I did note, however, is that the knobs protrude and seem like they would be very easy to damage while transporting, so I will have to be careful about that.  Also, there are a couple of seams for the tolex material on top of the amp that look like they could have been hidden better.  But overall, the amp looks very well constructed.  I was initially concerned about the digital aspects taking away from the tube amp aesthetic, but everything is mapped to vintage-looking knobs, and from a few feet back, the amp looks just as much at home in the 60's as it does post-2000.Overall, I think this is an excellent value and a quality amp that I hope to enjoy for years to come.  I'm only really scratching the surface of its potential, but it makes great Fender tone sound easy.  The Fender FUSE software could be a little more intuitive to work with, and I wish there were a better way to know what each of the Voice and F/X settings correspond to without consulting a chart.  But it's a great little amplifier that's all the power you'd need for hobbyists and studio recording, and it could probably handle some smaller gigs as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name The User review This amp sounds phenomenal for such a small package and a single 10 inch speaker!  It sounds great right out of the box.The overdrive channels amp models are some of the best I've heard from modelers, pedals etc. Not much use for any of my many pedals with this amp because better tones are already in the presets and I havent even looked at the fuse software yet.I am very happy with this amp and it sounds great at lower volumes.  If you mic up this will work for small gigs.  The build seems very good.I don't think you can find a better sounding brand new amp for this price. overallrating 5   lineend
name TomVette review   products that don't stand out as excellent. overallrating 5   lineend
name bobby 12333 review I love this tuner. It is accurate & very reasonably priced. I have ordered this tuner for  fellow musician friends & all of them love them. Best clip on tuner I have ever purchased. overallrating 5   lineend
name Casby review  Lightweight, small, simple to use, and it's easy to read in broad daylight.Can't ask for much more in a tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris review Wonderful tuner, I've used it for my acoustic and my bass and have had no problems at all.  Incredibly easy to use, super cheap and easy to just throw in your case and go.  Well worth the price! overallrating 5   lineend
name Clifford Haggerty review I already had the other two Snarks and then I borrowed this version in a shop from another patron.  The readout is cool.  Makes me feel good inside to look at it. overallrating 5   lineend
name debi review Will work on any instrument.  You don't need the expensive ones, this works just fine..just wish the batteries lasted longer! overallrating 5   lineend
name F. Sasso review  For the money there isn't a better tuner on the market today.  This is the newer version which some have complained about the tuning lines being thicker, really?  This tuner is s[pot on every time and super fast.  You can move from string to string quick. overallrating 5   lineend
name Heather McRae review The compactf design of this tuner makes it easy to take with you to lessons, school, or a gig.  Works well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Igneous review Let the testimony of my repeated purchases be your guide. the batterry that come with it lasts an average of 6 -9 months - A new battery will last over a year - I get replacements at local CVS - Savon store overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeffrey A. Hawkins review  I was hesitant to purchase this, as I really like the display of the previous models. At first it seems like it might be less accurate. It has less granularity in the display for example. However, it does seem to respond noticeably faster. It appears to be a bit more sensitive and better at tuning bass notes. And it may in fact be more precise, though it takes learning how to work with the display.On earlier Snarks, the display has individual tiny gradients for each cent of pitch above or below the note. And they seemed pretty dead on, especially if you tune from the harmonic at the middle of the string. But I also found that the note would occasionally stall briefly causing me to over-tune. (Though once you get used to it, it is easily avoided.)Anyway, on this unit, I am not sure what each bar represents, but it is very sensitive. If the string is not quite perfect, the \"On pitch\" bar will be lit up, but so will one next to it. Then a slight turn of the tuning peg will bring it right on. Then only the \"On pitch\" bar will be lit (unless you turn too far). And the result sounds really right. overallrating 5   lineend
name JerryWithaJ review For me, the hardest part of adjusting to a new tuner is throwing out preconceived notions of how it should be used.It's not always easy getting vibration sensing tuners to settle down. In many cases, they jump around until, by the time they settle down, the vibration has decayed to the point where it no longer registers. So, a bit of subjective judgment is sometimes involved.As far as the SN-8 is concerned...WRONG!I've found the SN-8 to, in fact, be Super Tight, BUT one has to insure that there isn't even a HINT of red or yellow on either side of the center green bar.This is what I don't like about the other type of Snark display.  It's not symmetric!  It requires all of the red bars to be lit along with the green, and none of the yellow bars to be lit.  If the rad bars are illuminated constantly, how can you tell if the string is a hair flat?  When I'm on pitch I want  all  indications of sharpness and flatness to vanish.In that regard, the image shown here is wrong! It shows the Super Tight behaving like the other tuners with all of the red bars illuminated along with Green and even a yellow. Uhm...no.The SN-8 is Super Tight, has a touch metronome, and lets you set it down a few semi-tones if that's what floats your boat and, as they say on TV, \"All for an incredibly low price!\"I keep a tuner on each guitar and one in my gig bag, just in case.  At this price, I already have a half dozen Super Tights with two more on the way. overallrating 5   lineend
name jinx review I have the Snark 2 but read that this was the best so far.  I got and agreethis works better.  I would recommend it to anyone. overallrating 5   lineend
name John review I replaced an older Snark that I use all the time, but seems to be cutting out sometimes.  I love this new one.  It's a bit easier to see the display. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kevin Kiernan review I have used one of the black box meter style tuners for years and struggled with it. I could never quite get the fine tune I was looking for, and I have a little bit if a pitch issue trying to tune by ear. These little tuners are amazing. So easy to use, and portable, and cheap. I have several now, one for every guitar. Cheap is important, because they are made of plastic and I have had one break at the joint after a lot of use. I also received one without a battery, which upset me at the time. I am in Afghanistan and weird watch batteries are hard to come by. If you figure they cost about as much as a fancy coffee drink they provide a lot of tuning goodness for a little money. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael A. Johnson review my only complaint is that it doesn't seem as accurate as some traditional tuners, but that's probably by design so you aren't fiddling over fractions of a semitone when you're trying to tune your guitar between songs/sets overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael Jones review I like the SN-2. Just thought I'd try the SN-8 Super tight tuner and was not at all disappointed.  Snark tuners have always performed well for me.  I play guitar and ukulele.  I've used and own many tuners and brands.  The Snarks just work great and the price is hard to beat.  I usually buy several at a time and give them as gifts to my musician friends.  For anyone who plays acoustic guitar - these things are so handy. overallrating 5   lineend
name No Name review When the unit first arrived, I was concerned because the box had been damaged.  It shipped in an envelop.  However, once I opened it, I discovered an undamaged Snark tuner inside.  In an odd way, this reassured me further, as it obviously took a beating and remained undamaged.  When I put in the battery and turned it on, it functioned properly.  It clips to my guitar strong and stays put.  It's easy to read, even when I'm on stage and the lighting is less than appropriate for reading a display this size from arm's length.  I'm very pleased with the unit. overallrating 4   lineend
name Pa user review works very smoothly and doesn't eat batteries like the foot pedal types of tuners. We have a local place that sells the batteries for this in a 5 pack for $1 0 (yep a buck). I'm sold on these and will be getting another as soon as I need one overallrating 5   lineend
name Randy V. Brown review I just got my Snark tuner, and I'm very impressed with it. It attaches easily to the headstock of my guitar. The digital readout is easy to see, and it gets me in perfect tune quickly. It is far superior to previous tuners I've used. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. C. Dallman review I have several Snarks. They are the first tuner my young guitar students have no problems with. Fast and accurate. The SN-8 IS a little faster and slightly more accurate than the other, older models, with a brighter display (at slightly reduced battery life) but they are all great. I have lots of tuners, and several brands of clip ons. This is my favorite. There is no close second. I play 5 string bass in a band and at church as well as guitar. I love this tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name slambusky review I got one of these and now a week later I have 3 what a great learning tool. simple and sweet overallrating 5   lineend
name Vyrys review These snark tuners are really cool.This SN-8 model comes this a metronome, and also you can scale up/down with buttons for when using a capo.highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name zak review It does a fair job but I have to place it all over the headstock to find a spot it will settle down on. It seems to pick up sympathetic string notes. I actually liked the lesser blue colored one specifically for guitars it was always responsive and accurate. overallrating 3   lineend
name debi review I really think it doesn't matter which Snark you buy, they are all set up to measure tuning within any instrument's range.  It was cheap, and affordable.  One of the issues I've had with Snarks is that if you get the one with the vibe and the mic, the mic quits working, and you really only need the vibe anyway, so why pay more? overallrating 5   lineend
name Ell Bee review  Originally I bought another Snark, and liked it well enough. I'd seen this one on YouTube, and thought its little bobble head looked ... kinda silly. But then a friend lent me his for a couple of days, and I really liked the experience of being able to glance over and see if I was in tune. I was hooked. I'll look silly if it lets me stay in tune.The built-in metronome doesn't have a lot of volume, but it's clearly visible.You also get a little baggie containing three picks, the carry bag for the tuner, and a battery. Warranty runs for a year. Altogether, I'm very satisfied with this tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name Igneous review It seems redundant to review again except to point out I have bought more and will buy more. I will have one for every instrument stored with and actually on each guitar inside it's case. I have given out 5 and kept 4 - I have 11 working guitars - I need 7 more Snarks.....  some have had their batteries run down in under a year - but I get close to 2 years off a new battery - ( Batteries are a bit costly) overallrating 5   lineend
name JF review  I've used a variety of tuners.  When the Snark first came out the price was so low I thought it must not be that good.  However, I borrowed one one time and ended up buying several.  What I like is that it has a very good display which is very easy to read (the colors help a lot as well as the layout of the display) , is seems to be very accurate, the clamp does a good job of staying on the neck and it seems durable enough.  I have had issues with one or more of these criteria with other tuners.  About the only thing that has been an issue, is that on occation, it won't register. Turning it on and off or just trying a different string usually solves the problem.  Also it may be a litle larger than some like. overallrating 5   lineend
name lfeez review This is my second and I love them so much. They work flawlessley and tune is amazing! Get one and dont hesitate overallrating 5   lineend
name Chandler review This is a nifty little tuner. It's accurate and is fast to turn yellow if you're off by even the slightest degree. I just leave it on my telecaster. It's a little deeper than I thought it would be; it actually lifted the tele up a little when placed in the case. But after a few weeks, the foam conformed and the neck now rests on the case support. The ratchet is a little gimmicky, but once it's set, it can be easy slid off and on the headstock.This little tuner is made to be left on one guitar. If you want one that you can move from instrument to instrument, then get a Snark. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jim C review I've used this tuner for both my acoustic guitar and banjo for a year now and like them a lot.  We got this one for my wife's mandolin.  It's small, barely noticeable from the front and easily visible from the back.  I understand it can be a tight fit on some headstocks, it's snug on my 12 fret slot-head guitar due to the buttons pointing straight down but it works ok for me.  The accuracy is as good or better than any I've used.Pros:AccurateCheapEasy to see in daylight or darkGood battery lifeIt's always there, you don't have to hunt for a tuner.Cons:I wish it would turn the tuner buttons for me! overallrating 5   lineend
name Nick review I had one of these and lost it, replaced it with the NS Planet Waves micro clip on tuner, which is not as good. This tuner has a better, higher contrast display which is needed for bright outdoor gigs. It works more predictably and tunes smoother than the micro too. Easily worth the extra dollar. It's a little taller than the micro, but still very small and if it's behind a headstock it doesn't make a difference visually, the main difference is the height if the tuner, width and depth are about the same. That also means a bigger readout. So not really a con. I use it on a godin with a slotted headstock, positioned so I can see it between the tuning keys. Easy to use, bummed I lost it and replaced it with an inferior tuner, I'll be getting another one of these soon... Should probably pick up one for every guitar and be done with it. overallrating 5   lineend
name N. McArthur review  I've been a musician for over 40 years.  I've seen an awful lot of products come and go.  I don't get excited about the latest-and-greatest very easily... but having said that, this is the best idea in headstock tuners I have encountered. I bought one, and found it so useful, I ordered two more!  Planet Waves makes good quality stuff, and they make some 'faddish' stuff.  This item is definitely in the good quality family.  It's easy to read outdoors in the daylight, yet not so bright as to distract in low stage light.  Great design, Planet Waves!  Excellent price, GO-DPS! overallrating 5   lineend
name S. C. Dallman review Not bad, but I had intended on leaving this on my instrument. I bought a few for different basses and guitars. But the switch location causes the tuner to turn on inside a gig bag (no problem with hard cases) leaving the battery dead when I took the instrument out of the case. The switch SHOULD be on the side of the unit. FWIW, I like my Snarks better...faster and more stable tuning. A near miss with the NS. overallrating 4   lineend
name TIMOTHY A. BILLINGSLEY review  This little thing is just what I needed for my acoustics. My amp has a tuner but my regular acoustics had no true way of being tuned until now. I have one on each acoustic and they tune them right up. The read-out is easy to see since it gives you color guides to tune by. Red is wayyy off, yellow when you start getting close and green when you are in tune. Great for a quick look in between songs. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bradley review When I first installed these strings I wasn't too impressed.  They felt different under my fingers and the sound was much more tinny than I'm used to.  However, after a month and a half of playing, I really do love these strings.  I got used to the feel, the tinny sound mellowed out a little, and man do they stay in tune!Cobalt strings aren't as warm as traditional nickle strings but if you play hard rock or metal I find the gain to be more articulate.  Solo's pierce through the mix without becoming too shrill and muted playing has better voicing, in my opinion.  They're also super fast.  I mentioned earlier that they feel different, and they do.  It's not necessarily a bad different it's just slicker and not as coiled feeling.  Hard to describe, but if you're used to playing nickle you'll notice the difference.Honestly, my favorite thing about these strings is their ability to stay in tune.  I went on vacation for a week, came back, picked up the guitar, expecting to have to tune it, and every single note was dead on.  As they age, you'll have to make a few minor tuning tweaks but its nowhere near as frequent as nickle.These really are a good set of strings.  If you try them just make sure to give them time.  They get better with wear. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bryan Harvey review Okay... just strung these up and ran them through three different amps and about 25 different pedals (metal, overdrive, echo, reverb, fuzz, etc).  So keep in mind that they haven't broken in yet as I do this review.  But I do feel confident in what I report here.They are not as nice in full warm tone as the pure nickels.  On the high gain metal muff, fullbore, guytone metal monster, swollen pickle, and big muff they sound really nice.... a lot of harmonics and output captured. For that 5 stars easy.  I don't think they are very versatile though below the metal shredders threshold.  Other's may feel differently I am sure.  Then again, Ernie Ball even states they are very bight high output.  So you are getting what they say.However, for a warm bluesy tone I couldn't get anywhere close to my sound like I can with the pure nickels.  For that 1.5 star.  Average to 3 I guess... :).  Forget about the nickel wound steel all together (those are really lame).  Either pure nickel or these depending on your style at the moment.  For shredding go cobalt... for warm/woman tone go PURE nickels (that's PURE folks!!).  I also really like the d'addario pures.Also, these really did let full chords ring out on a heavy metal channel.  Hope this helps. overallrating 3   lineend
name Darkrin review I recently changed them out for a different type of EB's while they were good the were not exactly what I was looking for. not sure the new set is either but time will tell. overallrating 4   lineend
name S. Grider review The cobalt seems like it gives the strings a silkier feeling. Maybe it's just me, but that's how they come across. I noticed that these strings become discolored quicker than the stock steel, but don't lose that new sound new as fast. I didn't have near as much string stretch with these either. I'll keep using them, just maybe in a different gauge. overallrating 4   lineend
name thelastpiece review Not only do they seem to last a little longer with less wear but they sound good with my cheap no-name Japanese knock-off. I play mostly hard-rock these days with some mild distortion but on occasion crank it up for some tech-metal and prog-rock for solo projects where I'm playing pretty fast and sometimes hard. They also handle de-tuning well and even when using pretty loose open tuning like DADAAD, they are clear with good sustain. overallrating 5   lineend
name TIMOTHY A. BILLINGSLEY review  These strings are amazing - they have increased power, tone and flexibility that other strings just do not have. They sound great on single coil and humbucker types of pickups. The tone is seperated throughout the string gauges so that each sting has its own distinctive part of the tone. I cna't say enough about them but get some for yourself - I'd be surprised if you ever went back to regualr strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name AMlevesque review Works very well although I wish it had wider strapping or a choice of purchasing with a wider strap. Don't hesitate to purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cabbott review I didn't like the arm through one part and your head through the other so I cut it apart and just hang my uke from my neck and the top of the sound hole. Works like a charm......is more easily adjusted and the felt lined sound hole clip has not damaged my uke at all. overallrating 4   lineend
name David L. Vasser review Ukulele straps are a rare thing and I've yet to find the perfect one.  This one gets close.  Not all uke players use straps, some do and some don't.  Purists say not to use one and that using one makes you look lazy or inexperienced.  However I have two acoustic-electric ukes and they are heavier than the non-electrified ones the purists use.  I've found that using a strap on my electric ukes helps with right arm fatigue from clutching the thing.  A preamp and battery adds a surprising amount of weight percentage wise to a uke when compared to a guitar.  This Neotech strap frees me up to worry about my strumming and fingering techniques more and dropping the instrument less.There is another device called a Uke Leash that also works well.  It ties onto the headstock. I like this Neotech better because even though the instrument isn't balanced perfectly, it is balanced better than with the Uke Leash.  The Uke Leash is easier to get on and off my body so it has some advantage over the Neotech Simple Sling.This Neotech Simple Sling soundhole clip strap works on my Concert and Tenor ukes equally well, but I have to adjust it some when switching it between the two.The wide clip is felt lined and it does not scratch the instrument.  I don't know how long this felt lasts but it seems well attached.  This strap should work fine on any number of various stringed instruments.You have to use reasonable care with a soundhole clip strap on a ukulele or you can damage the top by jerking down on the instrument.  The clip on the Neotech Sling is wider than most I've seen and this extra width reduces, but does not completely eliminate, that risk. The wider clip spreads the stress out.  I've seen other soundhole clip straps with much narrower clips and I'm afraid to try them on a ukulele.  I like this one with the wide clip and will keep it.The Uke Leash type strap that ties on the headstock still requires full right arm pressure to hold the instrument in place, so I like this Neotech soundhole clip device better.The only thing I don't like about it is putting it on is a little clumsy when compared to a traditional guitar strap.  But once on it is great!  You look a little dorky slipping your arm into it and then over your head and you can't do it with a hat on.  It gets easier the more you do it.I'd buy the Neotech Simple Sling again.  I recommend it to electric ukelele players who want to use a strap but don't want to drill holes for strap buttons on their ukes.  Just put it on in private because you look dorky putting it on. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ranger Tim review I bought a classical guitar and then realized that I needed on of the around the neck with a sound hole hook type straps.  Bought one and due to past neck surgery, found that strap painful to wear after a few minutes.  Later saw this one and decided to try it.  Works perfect, really adjustable, and no pressure on my neck (since it doesn't go around your neck).  Great design! overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard review  but works well,  I have a different brand which has a string and small hook but I find when adjusted correctly I cannot remove it,,  this sling keeps the head loop large so you can get it off without a binch of hassle,, I find the hook to be wide though and could be alot better with a thinner hook. overallrating 5   lineend
name RustyBill review  ers have suggested. Holds my Cordoba in position perfectly. overallrating 5   lineend
name WillieJ review I wan't sure I would like this thing when I ordered it, but it was cheap enough to try.  I don't like using it as much as I thought I would, but that's just me.  The device works as advertised.  Over a long period of use, I think it might leave a mark on the sound hole, even though the hook is padded. overallrating 3   lineend
name Antidote review These do definitely have more output. I really don't know what else to say about them. It's all about personal preference so... But if you like earnie ball non cobalt you will probably like these too. Oh, one thing I can say is that harmonic squeals and harmonics in general are better defined and sustain longer with these. overallrating 5   lineend
name Benjamin Babeshkin review If you bought Rocksmith 2014, and use an electric guitar, get this.  The cobalt strings are picked up very well by the magnetic pickups, and in turn Rocksmith detects the strings A LOT better. I had problems with the game picking up frats 12 and up.  After getting these the game picks them all up now. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bryan Harvey review Tried these on Les Paul style with Jimmy pgae wiring harness and through four different amps and about 25 different pedals (metal, overdrive, echo, reverb, fuzz, etc). So keep in mind that they haven't broken in yet as I do this review. But I do feel confident in what I report here.They are not as nice in full warm tone as the pure nickels. On the high gain metal muff, fullbore, guytone metal monster, swollen pickle, and big muff they sound really nice.... a lot of harmonics and output captured. For that 5 stars easy. I don't think they are very versatile though below the metal shredders threshold. Other's may feel differently I am sure. Then again, Ernie Ball even states they are very bight high output. So you are getting what they say.However, for a warm bluesy tone I couldn't get anywhere close to my sound like I can with the pure nickels. For that 1.5 star. Average to 3 I guess... :). Forget about the nickel wound steel all together (those are really lame). Either pure nickel or these depending on your style at the moment. For shredding go cobalt... for warm/woman tone go PURE nickels (that's PURE folks!!). I also really like the d'addario pures.Also, these really did let full chords ring out on a heavy metal channel. Hope this helps. overallrating 3   lineend
name D. Howard review Great feel to them and nice sounding.  They do seem to stay in tune a bit longer but then they are thicker than what I normally use.  I think I will try these in the super slinky overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  These strings have a snappier feel and a louder volume (amplified) than regular nickel / steel strings. Cobalt is a different material for making strings and is supposed to have a higher output and a longer life. I recently ordered the new M-Steels from Ernie Ball to try them out as they are supposed to have even more Cobalt for even better output. I use P90 single coils on my Godin LG and these strings sound great. They have a nice feel to them and I can bend the heck out of them. No breaking. No problems with slipping and tuning. I'm hoping the M-Steels will be even better, but if not, these are a vast improvement over the regular strings that I was using, which were Ernie Ball's regular slinky's, made from Nickel. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jake review These strings are really nice.  They have a great tone, decent longevity, and the trademark Ernie Ball feel.  Some reviewers have stated that the strings have a silky feel - even comparing them to coated strings - but I don't find that to be the case.  They feel pretty much like any other guitar string, albeit much gentler than stainless strings.  If money were no option, I'd probably move to these exclusively, but at roughly three times the price of good to great nickel strings, I'm not sure that they are good enough to justify the massive price premium.  Each string did come inside its own protective sleeve, which made restringing easier and is a feature that I absolutely expect from a premium string. overallrating 4   lineend
name J. Carney review  Installed these on my Schecter C-1 Hellraiser. I had very high hopes for these, but as with any new over-hyped technology, they failed to impress me. The only good thing I have to say is the tone is good. But realistically it is no where near a drastic difference to regular strings. You would barely be able to hear the difference in a side by side comparison. So now that I have wasted almost double the price on these it gets worse. They are not silky smooth feeling as advertised. If anything they feel worse than regular strings. Last but not least: they are bad for frets. Just like stainless strings; harder metal against nickel frets is going to wear them out real quick. I don't know about anyone else but I don't want to have my guitar re-fretted every 2 years.For the very miniscule difference in tone they are not worth the extra money or equipment wear and tear. overallrating 2   lineend
name Moe review Not great but not bad as well.  The base strings feel really strange when sliding. The 6th string and the 1st string were cut while I was playing so I had to change them the second day I installed them.  Bending feels easy. overallrating 3   lineend
name Pepper review The best EB Slinky's I've ever used. On these I use the light's--9's. Even with the whammy bar they stay in tune really well. I use them on all 4 of My Guitar's. Two Fender American Standard's, Gibson ES-335. Gibson Les Paul/ with Bigsby. I always have a set in each case..... Try'um... Ya won't regret it !!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name TIMOTHY A. BILLINGSLEY review   was for the heavier gauge Cobalts but these sound just as good, regardless of P90, strat single coil or humbucker. Great tone, sustain and flexibility. I am sold on any Cobalt gauge - head and shoulders better than any other string on the market and I have tried them all. overallrating 5   lineend
name Zachary Swanson review I love these strings. I get a much higher output , much better response and much better sound. Great strings for just a little more. overallrating 5   lineend
name zj review I've tried other strings with the Jackson with no luck ( what a stupid guitar to string ) anyway I like the sound they do seem to carry better, if only a little. The texture seems to be a bit rougher but I'm sure they will be fine to play once broken in. Pulse there Rocksmith endorsed LOL. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cheri review I bought this harmonica for our son...the music enthusiast. He loves it. It seems to be manufactured well...as it is substantive in weight  and seems to be solidly built. Only time will tell. But for now it seems to be a decent harmonica. I actually bought two harmonicas for him, just in case one breaks. Couldn't pass it up as it was selling for such an affordable price. Our son says it's easy to use and has a good sound quality.  Hey, if it makes our son happy, so be it. Highly recommend. overallrating 5   lineend
name Daniel Berry Jr. review I bought this harmonica to go with my guitar and add a little extra music. This was a very nice harmonica and comes with a nice case as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name David G review It was suggested that I start with this product since I'm learning and adding it to my repertoire of instruments.  Comes in a nice box and the quality is outstanding. overallrating 5   lineend
name docpain review  kripes man..the one time I go and actually buy a \"honer\" and its a \"bummer\" this thing has 3 keys off tune!! I can buy stuff 10 times better quality from Chinaand never have this kinda junk. Maybe it's a fluke because everyone else gave it a thumbs up and I 'm really not the type a guy to go running stuff down butmaaan Ive never got a harp this trashy B4!...... all i can say is buy Merana's for tryin out buy \"suzuki\" or Swan\" from ebay/overseas if yer a poor guy like meand you'll be better off. Oh btw hot-tip for poor guys again--- you can get a \"Mississipi River Harp\" for only  $5.oo if you have a \"Burke's\" outlet near you!they're up by the counter and as good as the high dollar one made by unowho---- the Doctah has spoken! :) overallrating 1   lineend
name Josiah Springman review Good little instrument to pass the time with while setting on a porch or at a campfire with friends. Buy this. overallrating 5   lineend
name Leon2142 review I'm a beginner harmonica player, and this was perfect for me! I am able to practice with it easily, and it didn't cost me a fortune as some of the more professional harmonicas are. overallrating 5   lineend
name Leo of San Francisco. review  I suppose it does what it is suppose to do, it is not expensive and a good way to get a feel if I want to spend more bucks for a better one. overallrating 4   lineend
name Princessdeo review This harmonica is great for beginners, or professionals. I know a couple professional players who prefer this nifty harmonica over the more expensive ones. Highly recommended. Plays, sounds, feels and looks great. Also comes with a little note sheet overallrating 5   lineend
name StudentBern review Excellent for a serious youngster learning to play, priced right.  The thirteen-year-old for whom it was purchased likes it very much and is progressing very well. overallrating 5   lineend
name David Burch review I love this light both for the music stand and for my laptop. It has two brightness settings. Illuminates an entire music stand if adjusted properly. overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  We got this for my young son who enjoys reading in his bed prior to going to sleep at night. He really likes this light and it is bright enough for him to read by, but not too bright that it hurts his eyes. A good buy. I could see where this could be useful in other applications, like on a music stand, but it also makes a great reading lamp attached to a bed. overallrating 5   lineend
name JF review  I found the brightness of the light to be adequate, and would probably give it 4 or 5 stars, but it takes three AAA batteries that according to the packaging are only good for 7 hours. I did not realize this when I bought it, but after replacing the batteries a few times I went to a local music store and asked for a light that you could plug in to the AC.  They sold me the Encore model for $35, it is brighter, includes the AC adaptor and a nice carrying case  After I got home I figured out that they sell an optional AC adaptor for the hammerhead for about $10, so for only $5 I could have just bought the Encore model and been better off.  If you are going to get one of these hammerhead lights, go ahead and spring for one that includes the adaptor, it will save you a lot of money in the long run. overallrating 3   lineend
name p pouncey review Not really bright enough. Both bright and lower light levels are exactly the same.  I would look for something else if I didn't already have this.  OK for reading a small book in bed, but doesn't cover the sheet music brightly enough. overallrating 2   lineend
name Walter S. Early review  This little dude does a great job. The clip works great on my music stand and the light itself has a bright display and a dimmer display to save batteries. I highly recommend. I can sit in a completely dark room and see the music fine! overallrating 5   lineend
name Willie V. Hughes review Cool little light, but three minor gripes: (1) the arm is of a very flexible metal coil and almost a little too flexible, (2) the battery compartment cover comes off a little easy, and (3) the light is a little on the dim side. But I think it'll work well overall and I like the fact that it's so compact and portable. overallrating 3   lineend
name Bookenator review If you've read my review of the much cheaper Hohner Old Standby Harmonica, Key of C you know that I love the Special 20. It's great for beginners or experts alike. Sounds great right out of the box and plays well. I was able to bend notes right away with this one, while other cheaper harps take a long time (or never) to break in properly. All the notes/reeds sounded good. If you're serious about playing, you will be very happy to have this harmonica around. I've had many different kinds over the years and this one is my favorite. overallrating 5   lineend
name expert_101 review This is the first harmonica I ever used. I did some research and ended up with the special 20 in the key of C. I have no basis for comparison and I am a beginner but this instrument sounds awesome! The construction is perfect and the included case is very appreciated : ) For $25 I can't complain! overallrating 5   lineend
name fretter review tennessee saxe/fun to use... not going to be part of a blues band anytime soon.. Still, seems to be good quality..Of course Hohner has been around longer than me.... overallrating 5   lineend
name G. L. Simms review Easy to play. Decent quality. Not expensive. Easy to bend. Plastic comb with no recess.This is the lowest level you'd want to really play the harmonica and it won't break the bank. overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  I am a \"newbie\" to the world of playing the blues harp; however, I am not a beginner to music. I have played guitar fervently for the past 22 years, so I knew a little something when I thought I would try to learn the harmonica. Technique is of utmost importance and I found learning how to pucker and tongue block on this instrument was effortless. It sounds, for the most part, in tune and its tone is great. My kids love to hear me play it! However, there is 1 \"con\" to this wonderful instrument. After owning it for several days, the DRAW 2 hole went flat. I researched this and found that poor technique would likely be the culprit... so I worked on my technique some more. To my dismay, the one note on the harmonica that allows you to bend into 2 other tones, and is considered the \"sweet spot\" of the instrument, did not work right. Obviously you cannot take it back to the seller - it's not really his/her fault. I am not sure how to repair it, but I feel that I should have to do so this early in the game. Maybe it's my naivete' in hoping for a perfect instrument. So, I took one star away because of this problematic issue. Otherwise, I really like this harmonica. overallrating 4   lineend
name James review Sounds great! Still suck at bending 3 &4. A buddy of mine got one, and he's killing it on the bends. we both been playing for about 3 months. Great harp. Will buy another if it ever wears out. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe's Gadgets review  I bought the Special 20 Pro Pack(Keys G,A & C)!!Love them. Was using cheep Pidmont Blues Harps(toys)!!I had to have more, like an addiction!!I bought a D then this Bb, then E.Won't be long & I'll get a F!!This harp,Bb, has a beautiful tone.Always loved the sound of the Bb!!Made in Germany,quality musical instrument,not a toy!!If you own Special 20's then you already know how good they are.If you don't try one.You might end up with 6 like me,or more,in no time!!Worth every cent!!If they are good enough for John Popper & Bob Dylan they're good enough for me.A PLEASURE to play!!!Joe overallrating 5   lineend
name k2review review Really great sounding harmonica. Beautiful sound and very well made! Very happy with this product and the price is incredible! overallrating 5   lineend
name Karl Brody review  s and this harp was recommended by many. The price is right and the quality seems good too. Didnt take me long to start to pick up some techniques such as bending and single/double blow/draw. Still trying to get the overblow. I am far from perfecting the techniques but this harp is pretty easy to bend notes on. It has a good seal also. Only change i would like is a more rounded shape in the back. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wm review I am forever meeting people who rave about this harp, but had not tried one for myself until today. It is a wonderful harp, with perfect tuning, easy bend-ability, does not buzz or squeak, and belies it's reasonable sale price.  I went for the Key of Bb, and love the tone, the playability and the just right feel of the instrument. For anyone not yet having a Special 20, I heartily recommend it - beginner, intermediate or advanced students, or the performer on stage - this harp is simply great. I am not often surprised by anything but this harp surprised me - it is not expensive at all, and sounds as good as others I have that are four times the price. I am a Hohner Marine Band Special Twenty convert  - I will get a couple more to add to my ever growing box of harps. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. P. Hendrix review I've been playing and collecting ukuleles since spring of 2010.  Good news:  these Aquila strings are on most new ukuleles.  Bad news:  These Aquila strings are NOT standard on some others.  I was able to take off the old ones and install these in less than half-hour.  (You can get a tutorial to do anything on YouTube!)  They will stretch and de-tune for a few days, but once tuned, they sound, and just perform, great.  Good price, great product.  Order extra to keep on hand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Justin P. Palmieri review  You can't go wrong with aquila. Amazing song, very warm strong tone also carries a nice volume too.Long lasting, made with quality. Improves the sound greatly on less expensive ukes in other wordsit can make a 50 dollar uke sound like a 100 dollar uke! overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Jones review Got a new tenor uke and couldn't resist putting my fav strings on it.  Replaced GHS strings.  So far, so good. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard review  need to learn to read, since I have bought two other sets with a wound C string,, so bought these because I was having alot of trouble with my tenor uku my wife bought for me for Xmas,,  have since made a new nut and saddle to fix ( ok bandaid ) a high third fret which also I have sanded down and now is lining up with the others.. overallrating 5   lineend
name WillieJ review These strings are great.  They are very mellow sounding and I like them a lot.  This is what came on my uke, and I wanted to make sure I hade replacements.  I got both hi and lo G sets. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bubb Rubb review I put these on an Epiphone Les Paul acoustic-electric and it sounds so great. They are very smooth and warm and magical, like a mythical unicorn. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chesslovenpyro review Great strings, the strings on my Epiphone Les Paul wore out so i bought these, my ukulele sounds better than when i first bought it. Kinda wish they came in black, the white contrasts with the color of my uke. overallrating 5   lineend
name CrochetGranny7 review  Best strings for my ukulele. These are great quality. I only use Aquila strings on my instruments. Highly recommended. My ukulele has a better tone with these strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Limbach review  If you buy a ukulele, and it does not have these strings, you should replace them with these strings. Strings make a big difference in any ukulele. overallrating 5   lineend
name kiboy review  However I have found that there are much better prices out there if you just do some basic searching.  Usually I do. My bad. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael Jones review These strings are the best.  Haven't found any others that sound and feel so good.  They lasted 3 years and I play nearly every day for hours.  Go figure!  I actually thought I didn't need to change strings (still don't know for sure) because they still sounded so good and show no wear.  Anyway I decided to change the strings because it's been so long.  Happy that I did however. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard review  I have three uku, soprano, concert ( Love the best ) and a tenor,,  this brand of strings rocks.  enjoy overallrating 5   lineend
name Scotty Boy review Aquila strings will never let you down. Highly recommended by all serious Ukulele players. Italian made, need I say more. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review I admit it, my memory is getting worse and this thing does the trick. Hold my tab securely so I can flip though it with ease while I'm still playing my guitar. Much more professional than having a music stand and paper up on stage. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrew F. review I had so much trouble putting this thing together and figuring out exactly how it worked that I almost sent it back.But with a little trial and error, I figured it out.That said, this thing is ROCK SOLID... I was a bit apprehensive at the idea of suspending a $700 iPad five feet off the ground in a spring loaded plastic clip, but this thing is built like a brick house and is super strong in terms of grip. overallrating 4   lineend
name C. Candy review Easy to adjust and holds the iPad secure.  I actually have 2 iPads on one mic stand (one shows charts while the other plays backing tracks).  No issues at all and would order again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris30542 review I'm the lead singer in a band and I use an app on my Kindle Fire as a teleprompter, This mount does a great job of keeping the lyrics right in my face. The mic stand has been knocked over a few times but the Kindle fire and mount suffered no damage. The mount is easy to remove as well overallrating 5   lineend
name Clam Canoe review I use this clamped to a table and it's a superb product. I have a 7&#34; tablet, and a 9.7&#34; Touchpad, and they both work very well in it. Nice mount. Great value. Buy it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Daniel Freeman review I like the overall design of this mount although it would be nice to have a little bit more articulation. The best thing is that I can leave my ipad in the LIFEPROOF case for performances so I don't have to worry about water, sweat, or other various liquids and beverages hurting my main daime, my ipad. I use my ipad for almost everything these days and I certainly can't see going back to a lyric book after using the ipad and the SET LIST MAKER app. Then thes the real book app and of course notes and pages, iBooks, etc. it is a great tool for gigging musicians and this mount gets it up where you can see it. Best thing I've bought for my ipad in a while. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ethan Paulson review I've been using this for my ipad for chord sheets as I play on a weekly basis and it has been great! Being able to not have to use a music stand and having it right below me attached to the mic stand is really convenient. It grips really nicely and attaches itself onto the mic stand really easily. I've owned it for a while now and haven't had any problems with it. overallrating 5   lineend
name ffsalsa review I used it once, will only use it when I'm in front of it, so that, no one takes it, it works great when you're using your tablet and I use it for playing Pandora when playing in clubs, It not Djing it's DJ sound without the DJ, no offends DJ your job isn't easy, but when their isn't a DJ this helps. Remember to have Wifi in order to connect to Panadora. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jim C review I bought this brand because I have one of their mic stand mounts (for iPhone) which I like a lot.Pros:The clips did a good job holding my iPad Mini without having to remove the folio type cover (Marware Axis).Quality seems acceptable for the price, the ball swivel works well.Cons:It's too heavy for my mic stands.  I tried it on the boom arm and it made it top-heavy and unstable.  If the boom is positioned in a very upright position it's ok, but a boom pointed up defeats the purpose!The clamp which holds the base to the stand is big and cumbersome.I had high hopes for this one but it's not going to work for me.  I have returned it and ordered a different ChargerCity model, the one with the lever-type mount. overallrating 2   lineend
name John C. review  I was a little nervous about putting my iPad on the stand, but this is a substantial and well thought out design. It comes with clips that can be used for other tablets. It's very nicely adjustable and I feel very confident that my iPad is safe and secure on the stand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Levis Ouellet review This is a must have for musicians or even speech givers that may want to use a table for their music/speeches.  It is easily mounted on the Mic stand and can be adjusted to your needs. I would not do without it now as it easily replaced my cumbersome music sheet stand. I am using it with my Samsung tablet and can also be used with my wife's Toshiba tablet.  Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr. GrvThang review It does the job. It's bulky but it works well. It comes with an extra set of holders for thicker tablets (or to use the tablet while still in the case). overallrating 4   lineend
name Orcatrino review This product has an extremely flimsy spring mechanism inside.  Upon receiving mine and assembling it, it broke immediately while I was trying to mount an iPad onto it.  It also has a fairly narrow angle of adjustability.  The metal parts of it seemed sturdy enough but the plastic parts looked and felt brittle. overallrating 1   lineend
name RTX review First time using item and it broke. The round back that screws onto the mic stand broke. I was really excited to have this and us it now that I transferred all my music sheet to my iPad. As soon as I took it off the mic stand the round piece came off. Would have rather contacted the seller than post a not so good review, but it only kept referring to delivery. I do like the product and it did hold my iPad steady even with a leather case on. Sad! overallrating 2   lineend
name thelastpiece review I switched over to using an Android tablet for notation when playing music. All of my 7&#34; tablets fit and even my larger HP Touchpad fits. I ended up using an Ainol Fire as my regular tablet. It would be nice if there was just a tiny bit more tilt up but it does what it is supposed to and it fits securely on the mic stand. overallrating 5   lineend
name timhief review This tablet mount allows me to use my large Toshiba Thrive in live performance situations now.  It makes a solid physical connection to the mic stand, I never worry about it readjusted or slipping during use. overallrating 4   lineend
name carvinone review  Love joyo pedals.  Not sure yet on the new line.  They just dont feel as solid to me. That being said the pedal sounds great. great distortion no issues beyond my concerns regarding the light build and esp the switch. time will tell overallrating 4   lineend
name Charlo review I am a confessed and unrepentant hoarder of dirtboxes and I like this pedal a lot.  This is my 5th Joyo pedal- I already own the Ultimate Drive, Vintage Overdrive, Crunch Distortion, and Octive Fuzz pedals.  I consider Joyo and the Dano Cool Cat line to be some of the best values in stomp-boxes these days.  You've already heard the particulars about this pedal, so I won't go into the features.  The build quality does appear to be a hair shoddier than all my other Joyo pedals (which are earlier versions).  The switch seems a little less heavy-duty, and the case seems to be thinner metal.  That said, the case is still metal and isn't going to fail in any way.  The switch- well, we will have to wait and see.  For $35 or so, I'm not going to complain.  Soundwise, this product offers excellent gain for this price level.  It's not particularly suited for Pantera, but you can do modern mid-gain up to Metallica without any problems.  This is not an overdrive, so it doesn't do the 'just on the verge of breakup' thing like a tubescreamer does.  That's not what it was designed to do.  I run it into a cleanish tube amp and it sounds very good.  I've also boosted it with the following with a good result:  SD Pickup Booster, Cool Cat Transparent Overdrive, Tubescreamer (TS9,Joyo Vintage OD, Behringer TO800), Tech 21 Comptortion.  If you play rock/ hard rock through a single channel amp (like a Blues Jr, Valve Jr or Pro Jr) and you want to make it a two channel amp, this will get you there. Most people compare this pedal to the Suhr Riot.  I do not own that pedal, so I can not fairly make a comparison.  I have seen several videos comparing the two and as far as that is concerned, I hear enough similarity that I am not compelled to shell out $200 for the Riot. Another comparison that gets made is that the US Dream is close to a ProCo RAT.  I own an original 80s RAT and I don't think they are all that similar.  The US Dream has a tighter low end and more treble.  Not better or worse- just different enough that they don't completely cover the same sonic territory.  Admitedly, I don't own a newer RAT-  maybe that one is closer to the US Dream.  For what they are charging, this is another home run for Joyo- overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Hill review   but that in no way influences my rating or comments. overallrating 5   lineend
name CRG review  Reading the product description may give you an idea about this product. I received, plugged it in and was impressed with the clean yet great sounding distortion. It's solid, well made and looks/feels like it can handle the world tour.Get it! overallrating 5   lineend
name CUSTOMER review True meaning of the US Dream...it is hard with a soft overtone giving a sense of calm and well being... wow yes that is it. no more to be written joy o the american dream. overallrating 5   lineend
name jimmy three review this pedal is simple...i own 4 or 5 joyo overdrive pedals ,.i love them all...they all differ somewhat,,,,i fell in love with this one the most,.,set volume and gain to maximum loudness that you desire,,,then back off your guitar volume and it cleans up wonderfully....and when you are ready to wail, just turn up your guitar volume.,,,,and whammo,...its a very non-colored sounding overdrive...,,its hard to call it any particualr sound...its just really good and clear and powerful.... overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Ray review I realized I didn't have any distortion pedals, only a bunch of overdrive pedals, so I set out to find a distortion pedal.  After scouring the forums I find out the pedals that are supposed to be very good are also very pricey.  Since I don't want to spend a bunch of money I get this one and it is great, albeit quite bright.  The only thing I don't like about this pedal is the brightness, which can be tamed with the tone knob, otherwise it is easy to use, sounds really good and is transparent. Transparent in that it doesn't add a lot of color to your amp just distortion.  I use this pedal with vintage Fender Silverface amps, which are already bright, so I turn the tone more to the bass side and also shape my tone with the Spark Booster that I have in front of the US Dream. I have to use the Spark Booster to hit the US Dream hard because most of the guitars I use don't have hot enough pickups.The price was right, I'm happy with it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Pa user review This review is on the seller Yorozuya Yokoshima ,not the product. These people posted what seemed like a good price (not ridiculously low) on the Us Dream pedal. It was to be shipped from Japan. They then decided the price was an error and canelled my order. This kind of crap makes me wanna stop shopping on Amazon.com because the item was less than $4 0 under the next best posted price and these 3rd party sellers Yorozuya Yokoshima were afraid they wouldn't make a killing on the item. I am thoroughly disgusted with this sort of behavior. I lost a lot of faith in the whole process of buying online over this incident. overallrating 1   lineend
name Rock Morton review Reputedly the Joyo Us Dream is a copy of the Suhr Riot distortion pedal. After watching a side by side comparison on Youtube, I decided to buy one.I would describe the Us Dream as sounding like a bright Proco Rat with a little less sustain and a much tighter low end. It has an MXR style enclosure (that means you have to remove the back plate to change batteries) and a surprisingly narrow sweet spot. But for $48 dollars I'm  happy with purchase. overallrating 4   lineend
name Steven K. Baker review  Dirt box gold for under 50 bucks! Highly adjustable tone, volume and distortion level that won't tank your amplifier tone, while letting you get between everything from back alley blues to blistering metal. I love this pedal!!! The true bypass is a bonus if you are in love with your amp's tone, but lose it when you engage your pedal. Not anymore. I know there are some great distortion pedals on the market, but you won't find this quality and tone at a better price. Joyo win.Sorry OS-2 - it's pawnshop time for you! overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review The US Dream is supposed review   until something on it actually fails me.  I think if you take care of it and use it reasonably, it should last for awhile, but if it doesn't, being out $55 is still better than being out $100+. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian F. review A very boring, dull, uninspiring Pedal. Don't waste your time with this. A Boss SD-1 or Digitech Bad Monkey are far better options for this price range. overallrating 2   lineend
name Carver review  I just received this a day ago and bought it on whim after being very impressed with the Joyo Crunch Pedal.  This is (I think) based on a very expensive sweet honey drive pedal.  It's supposed to be very reactive to your playing.  Dig in and it puts out distortion, play soft and it cleans up.  This is much more noticeable the cleaner you run your amp.  I can say it's pretty reactive and feels like a very responsive tube screamer.  I've heard some say they find the distortion from this pedal a little harsh but I find is wonderfully smooth with some grit.  I found it really warmed up my sound in a good way.  I'm playing an american strat with noisless Dimarzio Area pickups through a Vox AC15 and it's an awesome combo.  I put this pedal in front of my OCD and I was really getting some sweet tones.  If I had to play out with just my amp and one pedal for a little dirt this might win over my OCD.  It's expensive for a Joyo but cheap for a really good OD stomp.  It's definitely not for metal or heavier distortion stuff but it's got plenty on tap for blues and classic rock.  So far I've been super pleased by Joyo pedals.  The jury is still out on how well they hold but but they sure sound and perform pretty darn well. overallrating 5   lineend
name carvinone review  ers, my gripe with the new pedals is the switch. may hold up but these new pedals seem so much less solid than the prior generation overallrating 4   lineend
name Charlo review This is my 6th Joyo pedal and like the others, it does not dissapoint.  I think these and the Dano Cool Cat line are some of the best bang for your buck in pedals these days.  Like many have mentioned, this pedal is like a TS but without the mid-hump.  This pedal is really about getting touch sensitive low gain responsiveness and texture.  When you run it into a cleanish tube amp and you dig it, it breaks up.  When you play lightly, it gets cleaner- which is why it is so similar to the $200 Sweet Honey pedal (the controls are also identical but I haven't compared the internals).  That touch sensitivity is lost IMHO if you stack this with another dirt box or if you are running it into an amp that is already raging with gain.  When you do that, it acts more like a traditional OD would- which is totally cool, but you are losing the touch sensitivity thing that sets this pedal apart.  If I could only bring one dirt box to the gig it would probably be something more mid-gain (like the Joyo Ultimate Drive or the Dano Transparent OD)  but if you are in the market for a sweet honey pedal and don't have that kind of bankroll, you should definately check this out-Edit:  Having owned this pedal for a while, I realize I was incorrect in saying you lose touch sensitivity running into another dirtbox.  This pedal actually plays well with mid-gain types of overdrives like the Joyo Ultimate Drive, the OCD, or the Dano Drive.  When you dig in, you CAN get more breakup so long as the other overdrive isn't dimed.  This pedal has become an essential, 'always on' pedal for me ! overallrating 5   lineend
name Dan Edman review This is my favorite pedal...and I have a ton. Lots of high end pedal and this a cheap (only in price) pedal! Great bluesy tones....sweet and warm when the drive is down...mean and nasty when the drive is cranked up. Like a cranked tube amp. If you play the blues...this is your pedal. I'm sold. I've purchased several JoYo pedals and all of them are built extremely well and perform as good as if not better than top name pedals. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fender Guy review  I've owned more than one overdrive pedal in my 30 years of playing guitar and the only one I still have on my pedal board is the Boss Super Overdrive...Sweet Baby is well on the way of living up to that legend as well. I have nothing but high praise for this amazing pedal. It really does react to your playing style. Unlike other overdrive pedals I've used this one really gets smooth when you back off of your string attack and starts to growl the harder you dig in. As far as the pedal goes it is pretty much the same as a lot of them...instead of a tone knob they call it \"focus\ there is also a volume and drive knob. The sounds I can get out of the Sweet Baby are some of the best I've ever used and easy to dial in. I own a lot of pedals but lately I keep my chain setup real simple...the guitar goes into a EHX-Crying Tone wah pedal, then the Sweet Baby, then a Boss Super Overdrive (used as a lead solo gain boost... I don't use Distortion pedals.), next is an MXR Micro Chorus followed by an MXR Carbon Copy Analog Delay. The whole chain goes into the 2nd channel of my Fender Deluxe Reverb amp. I use the foot switch that came with amp to turn on the tremolo when needed... I play mostly Blues and Classic Rock. The Sweet Baby is well made and I don't see it failing me anytime soon. You can spend hundreds more on name brand pedals but what works for me at the end of the day is alive and well in this \"clone\" overdrive tone blender...Update: this pedal has since been returned. It went out with me on a few gigs and didn't hold up to life on the road. The connections inside the box came loose and became a major problem before a few gigs...I have since put my Boss Super Overdrive back in the chain...while I truly loved the tone from this product in the end you get what you pay for. overallrating 2   lineend
name fotoguy review If you don't like too much dirt in your tone, this might be the pedal for you.The Sweet Baby is a low gain overdrive pedal that is also on the bright side tonally.If you have a fairly clean single channel amp, it won't give you the full crunch or theextra sustain specially at low bedroom levels.  However, if you set your tube amp towhere it just starts to break up or is already cooking, step on this pedal and you'll be rewarded. If you like the sound of the dirt channel on your amp, set the gain low and boost it with this pedal. The notes ring clear with the extra bite, and brightness to cut thru the mix.......sweet! You can use it like a Tubescreamer although the Sweet Baby doesn't color your sound.  (No mid-hump)I use it to boost my Barber Direct Drive, OCD and the dirt channel on my amp.The pedal is housed in a metal casing and looks well made.  It's not noisy even when you stack it with other overdrives.  Instead of a tone knob, it has a \"focus knob\" which controls your picking dynamics and presence.  All the way to the left, the sound is smooth with a tone that sounds like you turned off the presence control on your amp.  All the way to the right, when you pick the strings hard, it gives you that bite as well as the brighter presence.  The pedal is very transparent, smooth and touch sensitive and cleans up well.You can't get a bad sound because there is not a lot of knobs to mess with.This pedal basically takes the sound of your amp, adds a little gain with very little compression and gives you picking control.  I just wish it had more gain so you can go from blues to hard driving rock with a twist of a knob.  At a fraction of the cost of the boutique pedal it was patterned after, it's a no brainer. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. review I bought this based on video reviews on the net.  My first impressions:To my ears, if the OCD / Ultimate OD simulates \"fat\" power tube distortion, this pedal simulates a lightly distorted tube pre-amp, with a bit of edge, sharpness, the kind of edge the tube amps have.  The focus knob seems like a tone knob, maybe more in the upper mids than the treble, but it does the job well.I wish it had a bit more gain.  Surprisingly, this pedal with the gain on 10 and the tone on 10, gives me a great metal tone all by itself!  If i boost the pedal with say a few db of clean boost, it gets me exactly where I'd want to be (a dry, tight metal tone, kinda 5150ish.  And while this isn't the purpose of the pedal, it is how I've ended up using it just because it sounds better than any amp sim and produces less heat than my tube amps.  It's tight, its raw, there is no fizz and no boomyness, just a healthy low end.  Crank the knobs on this thing to 10 and you have a very aggressive, tight tone that makes even my Marshall Class 5 tight and grindy enough for Scandinavian style metal.Over all though, this is great for lightly distorted / edge of distorted sounds.  It gave my clean tone a sharper, more \"amp like\" tone (that is, midscooped slightly with the tone knob in the middle.) I think this would be great for Hendrix covers on his cleaner stuff, it just has that chimey, vintage amp character (very early marshalls, older fenders) with the ability to go from clean to dirty with simple attack variation.  If your clean channel is overly \"flat\ this will liven it up to more \"sharp\ scooped tone, which to my ears sounds more vintage.Basically, from Hendrix to modern de-tuned metal (with a definite mids emphasis - not \"80s marshall mids\" but  modern mids emphasis). overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review Wow.  I have been impressed with a lot of Joyo's products, but their Sweet Baby Overdrive was one that came highly recommended, and hasn't disappointed.  I held off a little bit until the price came down, but the truth is that this thing is worth every penny it's sold for, and then some.As the description says, this is a \"mild overdrive\".  It won't give you the \"Brown Sound\".  It's not meant for metal.  It's almost like adding a tube-amp \"gain\" knob to your existing rig, add subtle yet dynamic saturation and sustain to an otherwise clean tone.  Chords and notes blend together beautifully without crunching up or fizzing out.  Unlike many \"tube\" overdrive pedals, this thing has tons of volume on tap.  You can set the \"Drive\" to 0 and still have a nice loud clean boost.  Turn up the drive and it can do blues and rock.  But I think of it more as an enhancement to your clean tone, as opposed to an \"effect\" that transforms it.  In that respect, it actually reminds me of the BOSS OD-3 Overdrive, which is a vastly underrated pedal (though the OD-3 probably offers more gain).The Focus knob is interesting - it doesn't act exactly like a tone knob.  As you turn it up, it doesn't remove bass, but changes the gain structure a little and opens up the tone.  The lower settings are bluesy - the higher settings are bright and dynamic.  But chances are, both will sound good.There are some concerns you could have about the build quality - the switch may not be built to last 20 years, and having to remove 4 screws to get to the 9V jack is annoying.  I also wish they'd put the 9V adapter jack on top instead of the side.  But those are mostly minor gripes.  It's an excellent overdrive and an incredible value. overallrating 5   lineend
name carvinone review  very nice compressor.  I leave it on all the time and it really improves my tone/sustain.  Can be fairly subtle or can provide significant squish if you want that sort of thing.  Quiet - much quieter than other compressors in this price range.  No concerns here overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Ruud review  Fantastic pedal, especially considering the price. Prior to this pedal, I've used an MXR Dyna Comp and a TC Electronics Nova Dynamics compressor. This is low-noise compared to the MXR and simple to use. It doesn't get as &#34;squashy&#34; as other compressors, so don't plan on getting this if you want something other than a fairly transparent compressor for extra sustain and unified output. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dan Edman review I'm sold. I've purchased several JoYo pedals and all of them are built extremely well and perform as good as if not better than top name pedals. overallrating 5   lineend
name Don B review Very transparent, with great sustain and a hint of &#34;dirty&#34; boost if you crank the knobs to max.Built well, sounds good and does what you'd expect. overallrating 4   lineend
name Fender Guy review  Let me just start out by saying that I've been playing guitar for over 30 years and have owned a lot of different pedals over all this time. I still own most of these units except for this one...the JoYo compressor. My setup is a very simple one...starting with a Stratocaster to compressor, wah-wah,  super-overdrive, boost pedal, delay, then straight into the front end of a tube amp with reverb & vibrato. I don't want to get into a long blown out history of all the compressor pedals I've tried over the years but I know why you want one and how to use them. This thing simply didn't work right out of the box. While the outside of this stomp box is all metal, the inside is full of very low grade parts from China. Loose wires and bad components were everywhere on the board. I ended up sending it back for a full refund. I don't in anyway blame the seller. They took care of me without a hitch and I would buy from them again...just nothing with the name JoYo on it. If you're only buying these based on price I would say buyer beware...you get what you pay for. overallrating 1   lineend
name Guitarman review No way this thing cost lest than $40.  I needed a small pedal board and didnt want to put a lot of money into pedals so I gave the Joyo pedals a try and I am pleasently surprised.  This compares to my other compression pedals I own...in a metal case???? BONUS.  I'm super happy with my Joyo pedals. overallrating 5   lineend
name hgprs review  The unit I received did not work. I returned it. I like the other joyo pedals I ordered so I am going to give this one another shot. overallrating 2   lineend
name Jacy D. Gillum review It could use a little more on the sustain side like my mxr, but it does what it is supposed to. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mr Tall review Although this is a very solid feeling pedal and the output and sustain knobs worked, the attack knob (the control for how much compression you want to apply) did absolutely nothing. I even checked it in my recording software by looking at the waveforms and there was no change at all regardless of the attack setting.Perhaps my pedal was a rare defective one, but none-the-less I returned the pedal back to Amazon and will search for another compression solution for my pedal board. overallrating 2   lineend
name Paparaptor review This is probably the best pedal purchase I have ever made.  I'm not familiar with more expensive compressors and how they might be noticeably better, but this one sounds exactly how I would expect a compressor to work.  It just makes things sound solid.  I've watched the wave envelope it puts out using Audacity and Adobe Audition and the compression works as advertised. overallrating 5   lineend
name Reaperman review Great price for a carbon copy pedal. Just buy it you wont regret it. It beats spend gobs of cash that you could spend on other things overallrating 5   lineend
name Scottro review I've had this for almost a year. While I'm no stranger to compression as far as recording and pro audio goes, I haven't used a compressor pedal since Washburn made that really janky, noisy compressor pedal in the late 80's. I have never used a Ross, so the fact that this is supposedly a clone didn't have any influence over my decision to buy the Joyo. I will say that it's not a pedal that should be reviewed the first time you use it. Sure, I love to love my gear right out of the box just like others do, but compression takes time to dial in, even if you are familiar with it. That said, I finally love this pedal and feel that I can accurately say that it has made a tremendous improvement in keeping my signal tamed when going from clean to overdrive/distortion. I bought it mainly because I play in a Rush cover band, and the harmonics at the beginning and end of Red Barchetta sounded flat and lifeless until I got the Joyo dialed in. Compression isn't the easiest effect to dial in, but once you're there, you can pretty much leave it set as long as you're using similar pickups if you happen to switch guitars. Great pedal once you get it dialed in. Take your time and you will probably be as happy with it as I am. overallrating 4   lineend
name Shad Clark review Everything I wanted and more. I love the joyo pedals. They are amazing and they don't break the bank, awesome overallrating 5   lineend
name STEPHEN MOREAU review It seems to do nothing as an effect and draws power reducing the volume on your instrument as well as the amp.  Not sure if it is just a broken pedal or if it is just junk. When received the package did not appear to be damaged, but I have tried it on 3 different amps and i get the same results regardless of the amp or the instrument. overallrating 1   lineend
name StormJH1 review As thrilled as I have been with the Chinese-made Joyo overdrive and distortion pedals I've tried out in the recent past, I felt like the JF-10 Dyna Compressor was somewhat of a risk.  I had been using the very excellent MXR Custom Comp already, but was frustrated with its lack of external controls and versatility.  Also, it's one thing thing for Joyo to \"clone\" the circuitry of a distortion pedal, but could they do it accurately with an \"always on\" effect like compression?Well, Joyo has absolutely done it, and they've done it well enough that I'm selling my MXR.  Compressors are hard to explain, and even harder to demonstrate on a YouTube video, so let me offer my explanation of what this pedal does, and why you should give it a try for only around $40.The primary effect of compression is to \"level\" or normalize the output across frequencies.  Particularly with a clean signal, aggressive playing can lead to annoying volume swells.  Also, certain notes sustain, while others seem to die out too early.  Compression \"smooths\" over these problems and levels everything to a polished, presentable sound.The secondary effect of compression is that the pedal can sustain single notes and chords by increasing their level after they would normally die out.  In this area, the Joyo JF-10 is superior to many other compressors because it gives you \"Attack\" and \"Sustain\" knobs.  \"Attack\" refers to how soon the compression effect kicks after the note is struck.  Turning the knob up produces a \"chicken picking\" effect where the note is very clear and pronounced.  Adjusting the \"Sustain\" knob, obviously, increases the length of time that the note or chord continues to play at volume.  Like most compressors, there is also a \"Level\" control to change the volume of the compressed sound.Of the compressors you can actually find under $100 (such as the MXR Dyna Comp and BOSS CS-3 Compression Sustainer), I like this one the best.  The MXR models have a good clarity of tone, but with only two knobs, the lack of customization is a problem.  You may want high sustain or attack for playing U2-type guitar parts, but might find excess sustain too \"messy\" for punchy AC/DC riffs.  The Joyo allows you to make this change easily.The BOSS CS-3 is a good pedal that has controls for attack, sustain, and also tone, but the pedal produces a lot of noise, and the resulting tone sounds too digitized.  Also, a \"tone\" knob on a compression pedal strikes me as an admission that the pedal is CHANGING your tone, which good compression really shouldn't do.  The Joyo Dyna Compressor sounds like MY guitar and amp, it just puts some polish on the final product, and allows me to add sustain and \"punch\" if I see fit.  Great pedal, and amazing value! overallrating 5   lineend
name The Pusher review I have a love/hate relationship with compressors. For $40 0, you can't go wrong with this one. I use it a lot on my practice rig. If you need a top notch compressor, hands down the Keeley 4 knob. I use a Keeley in my live shows. Expensive but worth it. As for this Joyo, I can't complain. It does it's job pretty good but it does color your tone some what. True bypass is nice, it's noticeable in your chain, but not to much to take it out. I love for my practice rig. Good buy if you're on a budget (all us musicians are) just don't expect to blown away by it. For $40- give it a shot, I did and don't regret it :) overallrating 4   lineend
name J.E.S. review Joyo continues to surprise me. This thing is all metal, looks very sleek, is true bypass, and all around works well.The individual bands actually light up, which is pretty cool.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was they forgot to drill a hole for the power indicator led left of the footswitch. You can see the led on nearly every other Joyo pedal for an idea of how it should look. However it doesn't even show up in the product picture on amazon. It wasn't a big deal, I just drilled a little 1/8&#34;ish hold and it fits through. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jim Dandy review EQ is great but good luck changing the battery - Lid is too small (or I just have big hands - LOL overallrating 3   lineend
name Jon review For the price, this lil guy does the job.  I got this to add to my pedal board and it seems to do a good job boosting the mids and highs that seem to get lost in the pedals and cables.  The pedal is somewhat cheaply made, the jacks don't really seem to fit the housing so well, but i do have it somewhat semi-permanently fixed to the board so i do not think that this will be an issue. overallrating 4   lineend
name Kyle D. review I was hesitant to pick up an overdrive or delay from Joyo but took a chance on the EQ.  I really like this pedal and it does exactly what it should.  I use it mostly as a boost with a slight shaping of the EQ but it can be used to get a scooped sound, mids boost, hi/lowpass or whatever you need.  It's a quiet pedal and claims to have true bypass.  When the pedal is engaged the 6 lights for each band come on and they seem sturdy enough.I would just subtract a star because it seems a little strangely designed.  Not the performance side of the pedal as far as I can tell, but for example, the \"N\" on the \"IN\" label on the right is backwards, and it comes in a weird box with plenty of Engrish so I'm skeptical as to how it will hold up to being stomped on.  Time will tell, but for now it seems like a great box for the money. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mike Diamond review I like the amount of frequencies available for adjustments- I run this through a Furman pedal board and there is little to no noise - for the money this is a good product- overallrating 5   lineend
name PLaBorde review Alright, it was $30 not $130 - I already had a pretty low expectation bar so would say it gets the job done but not the most &#34;sound-sculpting&#34; investment you could make. As a mid range, lead boost it serves a very practical purpose though. overallrating 3   lineend
name purnielou review true bypass, doesnt color your sound at all when turned offzero noise, none at allvery useable bands, and useable amounts of gain50+ years as a gigging guitaristmy ears have always liked a lot of midsunfortunately, most amps and modelers consider &#34;mids&#34; to be a much higher frequency than what i consider mids to bei love a nice &#34;bump&#34; in the 800 mhz frequency and this pedal delivers that perfectly.great pedal at a great price overallrating 5   lineend
name Stephen review For not a whole lot of money it does what more expensive EQ pedals do. Its well made and sturdy with a metal body. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  When I tried it out the first time the octave seemed to be intermittent. Noting that this product comes from China the first thing I suspected was cold solder joints.  I warmed up the soldering iron and opened 'er up and YES!  not only were there cold solder joints but there was a small piece of loose wire shorting components at random. Typical of quality control in the People's Republic of China. A little touch-up with the soldering iron and it's back to normal, whatever that is.  I'm a bit disappointed with the octave but I'm keeping it because it's a good fuzz (and I voided the warranty).  The Normal/Mid-Cut switch is part of why it's a great fuzz.I think I'll replace the Fuzz control with a pot that provides a wider range before going into supersaturation but the rest of the controls I'll leave alone.Dislikes:  quality of Chinese products is a crap shoot.Likes: it's a good, affordable effect overallrating 4   lineend
name AT review The Joyo pedal looks kool and has some kool features but those are the main pros. Ive never been a big fuzz kind of player but i figured its only $40 so why not? The first thing i learned about this pedal is It does what it's suppose to do but with some drawbacks. There is veryyy loud feedback through the pedal. If you go this pedal and didnt have a noise suppresser you'd be up the creek. Although it is a fuzz pedal is it does \"fuzz\" things then that's why I give it 4 stars. I deduct 1 star because the loud feedback. But in the long run I would just check other pedal out and look for a better alternative. overallrating 4   lineend
name b carney review This pedal sort of let me down a bit.I really cannot find a musical sounding adjustment,I can hear a small amount of octave when I adjust it but it is mostly a fuzz pedal with a mid range cut switch.If this was more of an octave pedal I would have been entirely more into the way it sounds.I kept it because to be honest it is very cheap.Why bother sending it back? It is a very good paper weight and I have even used it as a hammer and pounded nails in with it.Lets face it,If someone breaks into my house I can whack them on the head with it and knock them out.I just cannot get any octave sounds idk am I missing something? Joyo I like your other pedal but this one makes me want to punch your entire company in the mouth. overallrating 3   lineend
name Carver review  I got this from a \"direct from china\" vendor.  When it arrived the volume pot was not working.  It would only operate at about the first 1/4 of travel and then die off.  I was ready to give up but on the second day it just started working(???).  So I don't know if it's a fair representation of these pedals.  I have two other fuzz's(Swollen Pickle & MXR 108 Classic Fuzz).  To me this pedal is pretty nice but sounds a bit compressed.  The Octave feature is a little useless for anything other than lead work and the mid-cut makes it a bit nasal sounding.  Don't get me wrong, it's a pretty cool pedal but it's not as nice to my ears as my other two fuzz pedals.  But those pedals are about $100+ so if you just want to play around with a fuzz pedal this might do the trick.  But do buy from a local vender in case you get a lemon.  All in all I think if you really want a quality fuzz pedal you might be better off somewhere else.  I own a few other joyo pedals that I love but to me this one is just OK. overallrating 3   lineend
name Charlo review I am a fan of Joyo-  I own the vintage OD, the Ultimate Drive, the Sweet Baby, the US Dream,  the Crunchbox clone, and this one.  This is probably my least favorite Joyo pedal.  I'm giving it 3 stars for the fuzz it delivers on the cheap, but the octive leaves much to be desired.  I have read that there is a simple mod that will correct the octive issue.  Apparently, one of the components is installed in a reversed positon, which results in the lackluster octive.  I haven't taken mine apart for the fix, but I read that it's just unsolder, flip, and resolder the same component.  You can google it for better instructions.  Still, this ain't bad for the pocket change they charge.  The reason I haven't fixed it yet is I have the feeling that once I mod it, it will sound just like my Dano French Toast- albiet with a sturdier case and true bypass- overallrating 3   lineend
name CUSTOMER review I can bear it and dig it cause fuzzy wuzzy was a bear and it is green like the frog ....dig it.  I must have gotten a really good one cause mine sounds great and is nothing like those on You Tube that sound so bad the only bad in mine is that what comes before behind and it is bad @55 overallrating 5   lineend
name Daniel G. Lebryk review For the price, this is an amazing pedal. The sound from a $40 pedal is outstanding, much better than I ever expected.The Voodoo is a fuzz pedal, meant to give a sort of Jimi Hendrix sound. This pedal creates fuzz and can raise a note an octave. Alone it does a decent job of transforming my guitar into something like Hendrix. I was able to hold a note for two minutes with this box, the sustain is big. All was not completely perfect, it might be me and the way I'm adjusting this, but I had a bit of trouble with feedback.From a sound standpoint, this is a great value and does a good job of fuzzing up my sound. Combined with Joyo's California, Hendrix is almost in the house. (Joyo JF-15 Guitar Effect Pedal California Sound True Bypass)I have a Boss ME-70 multi-effect pedal. This Joyo single effect pedal blows away my Boss pedal, I'm almost sad to say that. I don't have experience with other single effect pedals, so I can't make a comparison to those more costly pedals.I have a Marshall Amp and cabinet with 4 x 12 inch speakers. My guitar is a Gibson Les Paul 2008 Standard Plus.From a construction standpoint, these are remarkable for the price point. The whole thing has a good weight. The base has a dense skid resistant foam rubber on it. The box is a solid cast metal box, with a very heavy metal base. The bypass and octave up switches are solid and bolted tightly to the box. The 1/4 inch input and output jacks are really sweet - there is a metal insert that screws into the plastic internal jack. It looks to me like it would be very hard to break this jack - that outer ring is heavy duty. The pots look really good. For this pedal, they went with press on knobs. If the knob ever breaks, they are a very easy replacement at Radio Shack. The only weak point is the somewhat thin Mid Cut toggle switch. Given that it is between three knobs, I think it would be hard to break this switch - but it is a little lighter weight than I would like.The pedal comes with a 9 Volt battery. It also has a standard 9V power jack on the side, to use an AC adapter or large rechargeable battery pack.This is not a high end pedal, at this price point, nobody should ever expect that. But darn it, this is one amazingly nice pedal when I consider price. Well worth the investment.The GateShop provided me with a sample of this pedal for review. overallrating 4   lineend
name hgprs review  This one sounds a bit nasal, and thin on guitar. I tried it on bass, and it gives you that big raw, ad thick stoner metal bass sound. I like it! overallrating 4   lineend
name jimmy three review ok pedal.,,,,it does very good at bedroom volume,,,,,but at cranked Marshall stage volume, I do not like it,,,it does not play well then,,,the octave gets crazy..and screamy,,the fuzz becomes irritating  at loud volumes...,,,I got a Bonamassa Fuzz Face,,,end of search,,, overallrating 3   lineend
name Matt review This pedal provides the classic octave distortion I sought after. For the price and product quality you can't go wrong with this one. And the functionality is great! Use it as a fuzz/distortion independently or switch on the octave up for the classic Jimi Hendrix like tones and harmonics overallrating 4   lineend
name NPunk42 review This device sounds okay, its usable. But you should plan ahead if you're in the USA and want one, it ships from mainland China, it takes a while to get to the States. overallrating 3   lineend
name Paparaptor review I'm not sure what I was expecting.  This definitely is a fuzz, but the one I got doesn't seem to have much in the way of subtlety.  It's either nothing, a lot, a lot more or way too much.  It's not bad and it's probably just my personal preferences, but this just isn't my cup of tea. overallrating 3   lineend
name Parabola review Not the greatest pedal..  Gives a really broken sound.  There is no mid way on this pedal either...  It seems its either all out fuzz assault or nothing.  The octave is a joke.  Having said all that I could see this pedal really shining with a punk sound where bar chords are in abundance. overallrating 3   lineend
name Paul Hawthorne review  Definitely worth the $40. If you are looking for a literal octave pedal this ain't it. This is a good old school fuzz monster, and when combinations of notes are played, most notably an interval of a 4th on the lower strings it creates an overtone series that has a subtle octving effect. I've used this pedal to put some growl in my bass, kind of an E.H. Bass Balls sound. overallrating 5   lineend
name Shad Clark review I love this it's do fun to play with. Every pedal that I buy of joyo amaze me. They are well built with a sound that is beautiful for that price. I'm sold out on joyo pedals. overallrating 5   lineend
name StevenEddy review  Kenny Wayne Shepherd - \"Blue On Black\"Nail the lead - use a Strat in the neck position.Gets close enough to fake it for a club band.Sounds pretty close to the more expensive models from Chicago Iron.This pedal will save you $300 or more from the CI model - and it's close enough.Some are concerned with the switches - I am running it in an FX loop pedal - so it rarely gets the button pushed anymore.I have the Joyo Ultimate OD also - nice pedal - I think I like this little company. overallrating 4   lineend
name Andrew P. review I've got several guitars and CAPOs - this one is not too bad. I would still prefer classic style. Seems like spring is a bit too strong. Price is great thou! overallrating 4   lineend
name delighted review Easy to use from day one and I am a beginner at the guitar - would recommend it to any one. overallrating 5   lineend
name drummerboy review I bought this in order to have one in my 12 string guitar case. I like to keep a capo in each of my guitar cases. It works okay for 6 string guitars, but not even okay for 12 string guitars, plus the spring, became loose. You get what you pay for in this case. overallrating 3   lineend
name MysticJaguar review This works fine on a standard guitar.  No issues whatever.  I see other reviewers having issues.  Not sure if that's from rough handling.  But for casual use this one is completely fine. overallrating 4   lineend
name The SARGE! review  Looks better than the expansive one my Grandson has.  He keeps using MINE!!!  Arrived early and is of great quality.  Fits my VERY old acoustic just right! overallrating 5   lineend
name grandpa review  I have purchased about 5 of these in the past 4 years. I have found no major issues with any of them. Expect to do a small amount of fretwork, such as filing and finishing some of the fret ends, checking the frets for crowns, filing those down and polishing the frets. As with any neck, even the high dollar ones, the truss rod will likely need minor adjustment after it is strung and set up. They come unfinished but well sanded. I sand a bit extra, but one could spray it out of the box. I like to use 3 coats of amber and 6 to 9 coats of clear lacquer, satin or semi gloss. None of these are select quarter sawn wood, but they are an excellent bargain for anyone wanting to build a guitar or replace a broken neck on an instrument. overallrating 5   lineend
name groovemachine review well it is worth the money in my opinion however i had to take about a quarter inch total off the sides for it to fit the pocket not that difficult really. the stripe needed to be sanded flush good thing it is not pre finished. the rod had to be  adjusted to get proper relief and the headstock is a little larger than a fender. for the price worth the small effort it took to get it rockn overallrating 3   lineend
name JOHN review Fretted Maple Fender(R) Telecaster(TM)-style Neck with Truss Rod this is one of many fender necks I have purchased from this company I have built several telecasters and fender P bass and Stratocaster bodies all so far have been great to play the quality in the wood is great. I have purchased Womack&#8217;s in the past granted there superb necks but there price is way over the top. When I must replace a neck I think for the money this isa great way to go JohnJ overallrating 5   lineend
name just_keith review I have yet to install this neck, but have purchased enough necks over the years to have a really good idea of what to expect. There is little to no evidence of corners being cut, just to start. Materials and labor all look good to great. Measuring for fit and specifications is on the money. Not having the mounting screw holes drilled is actually a plus as most &#34;econo necks&#34; seem to be off by at least 1/8.&#34; I'd rather have the trouble of drilling them from scratch than having to plug them with dowels and re-drill. Frets look good, and nut looks good. Until I can install it, I can only really vouch for 4/5 stars.Long story short is this neck looks better than many I've had that cost 2X as much, or more. Unless it has a twist or hump, it actually earns the 5th star. Even if the frets need a little cleanup, it still earns the 5th star. While some may not like the flatter radius, I'd argue that it makes it easier to get the frets in so that they aren't as much of an issue. And it is clearcoated - maybe not a nice amber finish, but most more expensive necks may have no finish at all. So again, another reason for the 5th star. overallrating 4   lineend
name Rich review The neck is  well made . the fit ..it was press fit to my body like they were made at the same time.I did have to sand the neck a little , it had a bump in it .. the frets are a little sharp but not as bad as most ..it took some time to get so if you in a tight build time i might look at getting somthing thats made in the states !! overallrating 3   lineend
name Andrew Adkins review  I like the capo, only it seems a little stiff when opening it up to put it on or take it off.  It was actually a bronze color instead of gold, but that's not a big deal to me.  I'm interested on the durability of this, but for the price, how can you go wrong? overallrating 4   lineend
name AWB review It arrived on time and was as described. Price was very reasonable.  It is easy to use with one hand and does the job.  Not sure what else can be said about a capo.  They either work or do not.  The other aspect is longevity and only use and  time will tell that. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Hersey review  A three star at best. I was not impressed with the finish or feel and I use a capo often. You can count on the price telling you of the quality of this product. overallrating 3   lineend
name christopher Lamothe review I think I got a great buy love the color and it has a strong spring holds very well great price overallrating 4   lineend
name jinx review I like this a lot better than others that i have.  Easy on and off and stays put. It's worth the money. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark A Williamson review Great Capo.  Like the color.  Good clamp pressure and this design wraps around the back of the Guitar neck so it does not show. overallrating 4   lineend
name Matt review Felt kind of too stiff and rigid to put on a guitar at first, but the more you use it, the more it will wear in (pretty redundant sounding, I know.) The color advertised was not the one I received. overallrating 4   lineend
name Melodie S. review This works well with the mandolin.  It is certainly an easy change.  I would recommend it &/or purchase again. overallrating 5   lineend
name SLV review A friend gives his time to help kids learn music. .He mentioned the need for one, so Got it. It appeared to be built well and I've not heard any complaints about the performance. Not very helpful sorry! overallrating 4   lineend
name Writer365 review I disliked having to wait a month to receive what I could've gotten at my local music store. The capo does what its does. These capo, I know, will lose their tension in time. I thought I had chosen a different capo. That's what happens when I stay at the computer too long without my glasses. overallrating 3   lineend
name Y. Xu review Can't hold tightly on 1st string (low C), a little buzz. overallrating 2   lineend
name Dakota Brown review Eh. I wish I had more of a passion to play it, but....ehh. It's not bad if you want a uke, but it's pretty small. I don't know what I was expecting. I don't know shit about ukuleles but I do know get a bigger one if you're not comfortable with small frets. If you wanna be that one fat Hawaiian guy, Israel Kamakawiwo'ole, go for it. but I think he played a little bigger uke than this, lmao. overallrating 3   lineend
name Justin P. Palmieri review  I'm a seasoned player of almost 10 years. I have owed a 300 dollar martin soprano uke which I had to sell in a time of need for rent money. I've been sad ever since. I'm in a tight spot now and just wanted something to play. I just got this uke today. Now aesthetically this uke isn't as pleasing as say a martin sorpano...but..... it sounds amazing for the price. nice bright sounds perfectly intonated too! I have owed a lot of cheaper ukes in the past too and they all sucked bad with horrible intonation. This ukes sound is at least as good as a 50-100 dollar uke! seriously impressed. I see they make a mahogany version i think du200? which is basically this but with mahogany which has a little bit of a brighter more bassy full tone. I may get one in the future its only 40-50 bucks on here amazing! anyway this uke is 29 bucks you get a uke made of nice solid maple wood over all a nice full tone which gets good volume well intonated too!I see some people complaining about the strings....and how it goes out of tune fast.when i got my martin soprano which wasn't cheap it did the same thing. best thingis to stretch out your strings nylon strings take a while to stretch out and set beforethey hold a tune for a long time.Anyway this diamond head DU-150 soprano is probably the best affordableukulele i have ever played. Its perfect for even us seasoned players who happento be broke poor artists! excellent!!!!!!!!!!! would recommend this brand to anyone! overallrating 5   lineend
name Just Visiting review This is a good budget uke. I'm not a ukulele expert; to me they all sound a little toyish. This one has better tone and projection than some of the ones I've played in stores. I haven't tested it with scientific instruments or anything, but I have a good ear (former professional tuba player, current music teacher, enthusiastic amateur guitarist) and the chords sound nice and in tune to me. The tuners are cheap, but they are geared, which is nice, and it stays in tune decently. It's not the Stradivarius of ukuleles; the finish is pretty bland, and the sound is not exactly a revolution.  I have used it to teach a class for teachers on using music in their classrooms, and it performed well. My experience with offshore budget instruments leads me to believe that quality control may be spotty, but I only have the one, and it is good. It is neck heavy, but they all are in my experience, and it seems pretty sturdy, although I've been very gentle with it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Matthew B. Jones review I recently ordered 5 different ukulele models while researching products for my senior adult choir at church as I wanted to give them a few options.Okina UK100 Soprano Ukulele with Rosewood Fingerboard - NaturalDiamond Head DU-150 Ukulele, NaturalMahalo U-30OR Painted Economy Soprano Ukulele (Orange)Lanikai LU-11 Soprano UkuleleKala KA-15S Mahogany Soprano UkuleleThe Okina, Diamond Head and Mahalo were all under $30 at the time and within $2 price of each other.  Of the three, I thought that the Mahalo was the best offering both visually and in terms of tone quality.  The Okina had a poor sound quality even compared to my own 20- and 40-year-old ukuleles (which had the original strings).  A string upgrade to Aquila strings helped significantly, but even then, the Okina still had a far worse sound quality at this price level.The Diamond Head and Mahalo both sounded better even with the stock strings, and each includes a nice (for this price) little gig bag.  The Mahalo has the most review  ed the Lanikai and Kala on their own pages.On an almost irrelevant note, the Diamond Head was the only instrument of the 5 to arrive in something close to actual tuned-up string tension.  It takes several days for these nylon strings to stretch and settle in, but I didn't have to retune the Diamond Head so much because it was already virtually in tune.  This would not be my primary concern with purchasing an instrument for myself but may be a significant headache-saver for a non-musician parent purchasing a ukulele for a young child. overallrating 4   lineend
name R. Dary review I got 2 of these for grandkids.  They are all right.  I felt as if the uke was well worth the low price.  Like any uke, strings take a long time to set --- sometimes feels as if they never will.  probably would be improved with a set of Aguilas.  Buy a clipon tuner, too.  Snarf makes a great one that has both the vibration-sensing mode and a microphone, can be set for various instruments or chromatic, AND has a metronome function --- and they are so inexpensive! overallrating 5   lineend
name Scotty Boy review Awesome instrument. It stays in tune and is fun to play. The best $29 that I've spent in a long time. After a week, I'm already playing songs and I'm not a string player. Don't purchase this without buying a tuner. I bought the Snark SN-6 Uku tuner. It's awesome too. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Benamati review (star rating based on price) great for home use, but dragging it on the road i dont know how long it would last. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bienbenido Rodriguez review The cradle guitar stand was for a friend. He was happy with the cradle guitar stand. Hasn't had any problems with it. overallrating 5   lineend
name F. Sasso review  First off this stand is a guitar stand that is cheap and it does what it is supposed to: it holds your guitar.  One thing it has that was a surprise to me was a rubber thing to hold the guitar in at the top which was a bonus.  I use it for my Mitchell Acoustic and it holds it perfectly.About the effects on finish.  After Googling it, calling where I purchased my guitar, and reading the little tag on the stand, the foam on this and many other stands may affect &#34;Nitro Cellulous Laquer Finishes.&#34;  How do you know if you have this finish? Basically the value of your guitar and/or the age.  This finish is used mostly on high end guitars in the thousands of dollar range and some vintage guitars and vintage reproductions. It is not used commonly today except for specialty guitars.  It is a finish that is actually sought out by people who know of it as it is like a hybrid of gloss and satin as the tech at GC told me. overallrating 5   lineend
name jason review came in oversized boxes but were packaged securely and easy to set up and hold my guitar and bass right out of the box, overallrating 5   lineend
name LARRY review UPDATE: received 6 of these. 5 are ok but one has a bad weld joint at the top retainer. It was held by only one small tac weld.I got what i paid for. cheap price and cheap product. no excuse to make this kind of low quality guitar stand, putting a $500 guitar on this is asking for guitar damage when the stand falls apart. not worth the time & $ to send it back to amazon. One star only for this product. Good chance that you will get a crappy one if you order this. Less than one star for this piece of ...... overallrating 1   lineend
name Michael Livote review  This is a solid stand, with good adjustability and a thick, decent quality foam to cushion your guitar/bass....its only fault is its price. Amazon sells cheaper versions that are just as good. Simply search  for guitar stands on here and see for yourself. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ralph Martin Smith review  This is a cheap stand and I was not surprised to see it had broke less than 2 day after it had arrived. The top cup that holds the neck of your guitar was welded in one spot only and it was very thin metal where the weld was made. I do not recommend this product. overallrating 1   lineend
name Superlead777 review Got it for $5 0 bucks and wish I'd bought about 5 more.Just as good as anything else out there,Onlky complant is the adjustment to the neck support does go as low as I'd like,but that's my take on it.Buy if you need a stand.For the money,you won't be disappointed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrew Walker review This is a very simple product, and, as others have stated, you could probably just 'DIY' one pretty easily....but for this price, why bother??? Under $10 and this thing is as good as ones that range from $20-50.  I don't think the material + the time it is going to take for you to make one (about 30 mins-an hour, more if you have to go out and buy all of the materials) is going to be worthwhile versus just ordering this bad boy online and...voila! It arrives two days later, no fuss no muss (assuming you have Prime, because, well, who doesn't these days? ;) )PLUS this will look good on camera. overallrating 5   lineend
name Claudia A. Portillo review awesome, it does the job perfectly, now my vocals sound way better and clearer. this filter is awesome and for the price can't get any better. overallrating 5   lineend
name Eric Leberg review Good price.  I'm a little concerned because when I first set it up, the screen drooped down. The flex-shaft arm did not seem strong enough to support the screen in any position.  I was able to move it around, and it's working at the moment, so I'll still rate it okay, but I have concerns over the long run. overallrating 4   lineend
name Gregory Madden review if you have never recorded vocals with a pop filter you don't know what you are missing. This one works well, gets rid of a lot of the little sounds and all the pops. only bad thing is when it doesnt stay in place, but its usually fine overallrating 4   lineend
name Joe review  Its a pop filter, it works well and does the job.  However the neck on this thing is a bit long, so if you are using a short mic stand it may have some extra flex that gets in the way.  Otherwise its a good option at a good price. overallrating 4   lineend
name Shastafication review IT DOES THE JOB. It is nice and it fits well on my desktop mic stand and it looks nice infront of my Shockmount that holds my Audio Technica AT2020 overallrating 5   lineend
name A Conrad review  It works great on my acoustic guitars of various sizes.  It is easy to use, easy to put on, easy to adjust the tension, and lightweight.  When not in use, I keep it parked on the headstock.  The shape and ergonomics are a mix between a Kyser and a Schubb S1.  Five stars all the way.  Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I've been searching for the 'perfect' capo for years now and this one's come the closest so far.The capo's well made and doesn't show any manufacturing flaws at all. As delivered, the capo fits the neck of my Taylor perfectly with just the right amount of tension. Some other capos are horrible to attach and grip the neck so hard, I'm afraid it'll dent the fretboard. The Planet Waves capo has a nifty tension adjuster in case you have a different neck profile.I like that slips easily on the neck without a lot of mucking around. Nothing's worse than fumbling around or needing two hands doing something so simple.It comes with a clip to hold a pick, but it's kind of hard to slip one in, especially with some picks I use.Overall, I think this capo's a winner. It's easy to put on and take off. There's no buzzing and it stays out of my way when I'm playing. That's all I ask for :) overallrating 4   lineend
name bertrarious review  This capo seems to handle quite nicely.  Spring loaded trigger like a Kyser (still my personal fave) but with an added tension adjust adjustment on the spring.  In time this will probably become my favorite as there seems to be some benefit to the tensioner helping to keep the guitar in tune.  The only issue, if you could call it that, was that I have always used the Kyser's that have the non moving side of the squeeze handle above the neck as opposed to under the neck like this one - after many years of playing, muscle memory sometimes has me reaching to the wrong place when adjusting position on the fly. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob Feeser review  s that commented that one type of capo provided a better tone than another type of capo. Tried as I might I could not reproduce the differences that they spoke of. There are so many factors affecting the tone, such as after changing the capo was a guitar body leaning a little bit more one way, then it was the last time. For example was the face of the guitar a little closer to the ear range as compared to the last capo you tested that might've been projecting more from the side of the guitar. I also felt that once the capo squeezes the string down the only thing that is creating tone is the fret line between it and the bridge. So at least between these two I found no total differences.I wanted to say that if you are using medium sized jumbo frets and high action you are really bending the string in order to fret it thereby changing the pitch. I love low action with no buzzing on lighter gauge strings. I'd rather dance across the top like a ballet dancer then scrub heavy gauge strings. To each his own they say. I just consider it important to let you know that I'm conducting this experiment with 8 gauge strings on the Tele electric and 9 gauge on the acoustic. So if you're running a much heavier gauge string with lower action, you would of course have less tuning shift going on, because you could adjust the capo (and both of these have a round adjusting knob for fine-tuning) and be able to adjust it to the point where you are pressing just beyond the level of the frets and not really squeezing it all the way down on the fret board and therefore have less of a challenge in trying to keep it in tune while using a capo. (Although I doubt many are setting it that way but rather squeezing it down to the fret board instead.) Although it is possible with heavy gauge strings that you can fine tune the pressure sufficiently that it will yield a tuned instrument while under the load of the heavier gauge strings creating a strong enough grip at this finer setting so it won't slide off of the guitar like the Shubb does at its lighter setting.Of course all this is predicated upon you not re-tuning the guitar when you change the capo position. That really is the only way to create a perfectly tuned instrument and that is to do a little tweaking when you change the capo position. I'm sure most people ignore that and consider the ever so slightly out of tune instrument is something that is not objectionable and doesn't impede the overall quality of their performance. I find on the other hand, that a guitar which is perfectly in tune takes the music to a level that is not possible no matter how little or much it is out of tune.So I conclusion I find the planet waves easier-to-use and with its longer arm capable of a wider fret board, while at the same time capable of the thinner fret boards as well, as being the one that I highly recommend. Notwithstanding the Shubb places a very close second, and with its slightly smaller size, it does in fact get in the way a little less than the Planet Waves. All in all they both are the best of all the ones I've tried. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bryan Barrow review This Planet Waves Tri-Action Capo is easy to use, and features a micrometer adjustment knob to custom fit the capo to your specific guitar neck, a feature I've never seen on a capo before. It worked excellently on several guitars I tried it on (all with light/extra light guage strings), with no fret buzz or noticeable detuning after removal. The pick holder on the end of the clamp is a nice feature too.I recommend this capo without reservation. overallrating 5   lineend
name caffeinebrain review Knowing nothing about guitars except that my husband plays one, I got this for my other half.He was very happy with it, said it was an excellent quality capo, only needing a turn of knob to do what it needs to do.  He showed me how it worked; how it gives a different sound to the guitar, depending on where you position it.I would highly recommend this to you guitar players.  My husband is pretty picky about his guitar stuff, and I can assure you he was very satisfied with this capo!Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name David Basham review Capos are not something that I shop for. I have had two for years. One is a strap type and the other is an expensive K type. It is similar to this one. Yeah...in looks only. This one blows that one away. It has adjustable tension and it fits on the neck in a different manner. It is not in the way of chords or fingering and it does not cause the strings to go sideways. This is great. I play a Tele and an acoustic Martin. It works great on both. I play professionaly and this is the best thing I've gotten in two years. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Reinstein review  Having played guitar for 45 years, I have tried and used many, many capos. Back \"in the day,\" it was a bar of plastic held in place by a length of elastic. It didn't work very well but it is what was available to me. Later, some technology was applied to the need for a ubiquitously necessary accessory that would hold all six strings firmly in place (and in tune) as it was placed up and down the neck of the guitar WITHOUT doing anything to damage the fret board or finish of the guitar's neck. Many 'good' capos have been made. Until now, perhaps the best options have been G7 which fails in its 'softness' that allows strings to slip, and SCHUBB which, unfortunately, 'snaps' into place in a way that can injure the neck of the instrument.This new NS TRI-ACTION capo from Planet Waves accomplishes both requirements consistently and effectively.Designed by Ned Steinberger (the \"NS\"), the Tri-Action works on a trigger/spring/lever mechanism that works all the way up and down the neck, fits perfectly on the first attempt, holds all six strings firmly in place and does so in a way that causes no abrupt jolt to the neck of the guitar. Both the G7s and the SCHUBBs are better known, more commonly used and more expensive. This is one of those rare instances where what you get is NOT what you pay for. D'Addario, the famous string maker that produces the Planet Waves line of guitar accessories)has done a remarkable and welcome job on these capos. Any guitar player who has gone from one to the other (capo) over time, searching for the one that really does what it is supposed to do all the time, will find this new capo from Planet Waves a welcome tool in the quest to produce clear tones and great sounds on a six-string guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name E. D. Garcia review  Oh, quick note: this capo is meant for instruments with radiused, NOT flat, necks.  That said, it works fine on a non-radiused ukulele.I've been using only Kyser capos for many years now.  They don't fall off, they don't usually pull strings sharp, but they do grip TIGHT and can damage some finishes.This capo is easy on & easy off with the pistol grip, has a correct supportive shape for the back of the neck so it won't damage finishes, and has adjustable tension.  I backed off the tension as much as possible, set it on the neck, made one adjustment and it was perfect.  Since I can adjust the tension, I have no worries about it pulling strings sharp.I only wish it was a bit shorter for Ukulele neck widths! ;-) overallrating 5   lineend
name frankp93 review  To my mind there are three criteria for evaluating a capo:1) It's got to hold with enough even pressure to keep all the open stringsringing clearly, especially in the face of hard picking, strumming, and string pulling.2) The design shouldn't intrude on either my thumb when it's behind the neck or peeking over the fingerboard, or the side of my index finger when I'm at the first fret playing chords or single notes.3) The design shouldn't require excessive hand pressure or too much fussiness to apply, reposition, and remove the capo (especially two-handed fussiness).The Tri-Action capo scored big on all three criteria: It held tight on a variety of acoustic and electric neck widths and profiles, from a Martin OM-1 with a wide rounded shape to a Gibson L4 archtop with a baseball bat-thick and round neck, a skinny SG, a wide and soft C-profiled Ibanez Artist, and an imitation Strat with a hard-radiused fingerboard and classic C-shaped neck.Planet Waves came up with a design that works both \"over and under\": I can squeeze the capo with my fingers with its back snug in my palm or flip it over and use the base of my thumb, making it effortless to position, adjust and remove.The capo's profile is comparable in size to the Keyser, but without the Keyser's protruding high angle arm neccessary to generate adequate spring tension. I've used the Keyser for years and in my opinion the Tri-Action is far easier to apply.The Tri-Action is also much less conspicuous from the front, although it's not quite as compact as the Schubb or those fancy minimalist capos some flatpickers like (I like them too but they're a little more work than I sometimes want).What's remarkable about the Tri-Action is its spring tension that's truly comfortable to apply yet produces a more than adequate string grip. The spring wire is probably 1/16\" thick and I can't imagine it ever losing its tension. The adjusting screw wheel is about a quater-inch wide and textured for an easy touch.The purpose of the tension wheel is not to vary the distance between front and rear capo surfaces, as is the case with some other brands, but to vary the pressure exerted by the rear surface against the neck - and consequently the amount of pressure required to squeeze the capo. The bottom line is you can custom-fit the capo to your hand strength and avoid straining or worse - a painful palm cramp like the one I got on stage once while squeezing the Keyser.The pick holder is also nicely designed: a kind of serrated slit that lets you securely stash a pick at varying depths, equating to how easy it is to pull it out. I think my pockets serve the same purpose even more securely, but it's a nice touch.I didn't think there was a whole lot of room left for re-engineering the largely utilitarian guitar capo, but clearly a lot of thought went into Planet Waves' NS Tri-Action Capo - enough to easily knock my previous go-to capo right off its pedestal.Get one, and sit back and watch the banjo guys sweat when the fiddler calls for \"Done Gone\" in Bb at that next jam session. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gridley review I use a variety of guitars, from an old '50s gibson acoustic to a new nylon string acoustic. I expected the capo to work well on the narrower neck Gibson, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that it worked well on the 2-inch nut width guitars as well. It has a spring-loaded clamping arm that can have the clamping strength increased or decreased, and this works well. Above the adjustable clamping device is a narrow slit to hold a guitar pick, and there's also a holder for a tuner. I use neither of these, so I have no comment on their usability. But for my use the capo is thoughtfully engineered, and is an excellent product. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Thomas review  For years I have used a kyser capo because I like the trigger action.  I have run into a few issues when switching between my 6 to 12 string guitar.  I haven't used it much on my electrics.  Though  I like the kyser, the planet waves tri-action is super slick.  It is extremely easy to adjust and is far easier to squeeze open.  The trigger action is like a hair trigger when compared to the kyser.  A few twist to adjust it and I can easily capo between my 6 or 12 string without any problem.  Light, easy and quick.  I am now a believer.  I'm switching to the planet tri-action.  It is definitely worth the few extra bucks. overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  NS (Ned Steinburger) Capo is different than your traditional Kyser style capo. I really like how it is designed, where it conforms to the neck nicely and feels more a part of the guitar than other capos I have used. It boasts minimal string bending across the frets, where it will stay in tune better up and down the neck. I tried this out and, sure enough, their claim was true. I capo'ed from the 1st fret up to the 10th (where I would actually never use it) and tuning stayed pretty much accurate. There is also a nice slot in the capo to put an extra pick in, just in case you drop the one in your hand. Overall, this is a great product and I give it a high recommendation and five stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jason Whitt review  I've been playing guitar and using capos for 23 years.  I've learned this...if you are a serious guitar player there are many \"must-have\" items you need in your arsenal.  One of them is a capo.  By clamping one on a guitar you can raise the pitch and key of the entire guitar relative to the tuning it is in.  Essentially you are changing the scale length of the entire instrument when using this device.  They are quite common, inexpensive and the basic design really hasn't changed in many years...until now.That's where this product comes in.  This capo is great because it doesn't simply rely on a loaded spring to clamp down.  It has an ingenious but simple tension adjustment knob.  The reason this matters is because, depending on the guitar, sometimes a traditional loaded spring capo imparts too much spring tension (or not enough) when clamped.  Too much clamp pressure can result in squeezing the strings out of pitch.  Not enough pressure can result in annoying buzz and dead notes.  Either one is not good.  This new capo eliminates that in an efficient, effective and economical manner.  I highly recommend. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeffrey E review  I like this capo because it goes on quickly and there is no pulling the strings out of tune.  A bit large for one of my cases, but it still makes it in there ok.  Seems well made so I am not worried that it will break or need replacing for a long time. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jon Norris review While I haven't used a lot of capos in my playing, I have used 4 or 5 different types, and this is easily the best of that batch.While all capos require a certain amount of fiddling to get them to hold the strings down just right on each different guitar, this one was pretty easy to \"dial in.\" I had very little trouble getting a position which gave good clear tones from each string without having to mess with tuning.The action of the grip and release mechanism is easy, but it delivers firm pressure to the strings. In fact, the only negative I found was that the height of the capo made it a bit difficult to fret near it on the higher strings on some chords.Overall, this is a very good capo, and I can recommend it without hesitation. overallrating 4   lineend
name JPfromOH review The Planet Waves Tri-Action Capo features a trigger action, which makes it easy to put on and remove, compared with any other style of capo I've ever used.  As the product description says, it has a built-in pick holder, which certainly is not necessary, but which is a feature that some users will find attractive.  If the photo on the Amazon product page looks confusing, don't worry.  What looks like a spring actually is a spring.  The spring mecahnism is adjustable, similar to the way that vise-grips work.  This capo is adaptable to guitars with various neck radius shapes, and narrow neck, standard acoustic guitars, as well as acoustics with wider necks (e.g. Godin's Seagull guitars).  The only quibble I have--and it's a minor one--is that when you get the spring mechanism set up for one guitar, you may need to adjust it when you switch instruments.  Once adjusted, though, the downward tension on the strings seems to work well with no fret buzz. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Lin review  Can't say I've tried all of the capos in the world, but I've had my share of the different designs.First I had the bungee cord type, then I had the snap on type, then I had the different capos designed for acoustic, or classical or electrical.This one by far, evolved from good design.The bottom curve portions fits the neck of my guitars just perfectly. The top portion is just wide enough to cover the strings.  The spring allows for adjustment for the optimal tension.The design on this is so that every string receives the same vertical pressure down to the neck. All of the others I have tried use a spring that could pop out (one actually did) and the entire capo came apart.This one even has a pick holder built in.It is light weight, just the right size.I highly recommend this capo if you need one for acoustic guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name LA review I've had my eye on a G7th capo for awhile, but this became available in the Vine program so I decided to try it.The capo was easy to pop out of the package. The design is simple and easy to understand and use. It is very lightweight and works fine on my Epiphone electric guitar. The capo also has a handy built-in pick holder.This capo certainly meets my needs, and I've removed the G7th from my wish list. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lochsa Lad review  I like the adjustable tension of this capo, I don't think its as easy to put on a \"Kyser\" capo of this style, but once on the neck, the Planet Waves NS Tri-Action Capo moves easily, and has even pressure across the fingerboard, a result of the adjustable tension I surmise. Some day I will use the pick holder, not right away, some night when I'm feeling I need my pick held. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael L. Knapp review Over the years I've tried literally dozens of capos. While some have been better than others I've never had one I was completly happy with -string buzz, hard to place without being out of tune, too firm, not firm enough, etc. So far the Planet Waves NS Tri-Action Capo is the best one I've ever tried,at least in the short term. It's worked equally well on my acoustic & my electric. It works on my octave mandolin and, even though it's designed for 6 strings, on my Rickenbacker 12 string. Hopefully it will give years of faithful service & for the quality is reasonably priced. At this point I give it 2 thumbs up. Recommended overallrating 5   lineend
name M. Luke review I have used this on my Les Paul.  It proved to be very functional.  The size is good if you want a capo that sticks out a bit.  In the past I have used the NS capo which is more compact.  This one is harder to lose because of its size.  I also appreciate the even tension across the strings.  Much better than other capos when it comes to this and is handy if you like to use custom gauge strings. overallrating 4   lineend
name Modern Blue Argonaut review  I've been playing guitar for about 7 years now, and I've always used the Kaiser capo, but since I got this planet waves one, the kaiser just gathers dust in my guitar case. Although they're both just tools to hold down the strings on a certain fret, the planet waves is much easier because it uses spring action with little effort, while I can recall the kaiser taking a lot more work to actually get it onto the guitar. Less pressure is involved, and I kind of like the fact that the rest of the capo, that isn't actually barring down the frets, is under the guitar instead of over it. The product conceals itself well to those who aren't playing the instrument and it has great use. I'd recommend this to anyone who wants the best capo out there. overallrating 5   lineend
name MyBeesWax review  [Update 2013-09-24]Star Rating downgraded from 5 to 3 because the pick holder broke (a rather thin and fragile plastic flap that helps to wedge the pick in place broke off).The Planet Waves Capo trumps myKyserin both speed and ease of use. Its triple spring action provides the leverage needed for opening or closing it with much less effort, and it's every bit as well-built as the Kyser. It also has a couple of features that the Kyser lacks:(1) Integrated Pick HolderI'm always losing my picks (God knows how many picks I've run through), so the pick holder is a very, very handy feature!(2) Tension AdjustmentWith the capo attached to myWashburnat the lowest tension, my G-string would buzz. But at the maximum tension, this capo has a stronger grip than the Kyser, which makes for a buzz-free playing experience.---The Planet Waves Capo definitely gives the Kyser a run for its money. For years, the Kyser had been my favorite capo, but having found the Planet Waves, I find myself liking it more than my Kyser. If you prefer a quick-change capo (as opposed to aShubb-style capo), the Planet Waves Capo is well worth considering. overallrating 3   lineend
name Nathan A. Edwards review I have been using an old elastic-bar capo for years because the last spring capo I used did not have nearly enough tension. When I first applied the Planet Waves Tri-Action Capo I thought \"here we go again.\" There was ample tension E-G but B and E were buzzy as all get out. Not expecting much, I adjusted the tension. It took a couple of tries to get it just right, but now the capo works as if it was made specifically for my guitar... zero buzz across the board. That in and of itself, makes this capo a five in my book. Add in the facts that the release mechanism is a breeze (on and off), it looks nice (I have the black version), as well as its comparative ease on the wallet, and this capo is a rock solid five star product.This capo also has a pick holder. The feature can actually be a little awkward because of its placement in the context of the capo's overall size and shape, but it is there if you need it and it does not detract from the functionality of the capo itself.Get this capo! overallrating 5   lineend
name N. Caruso review  The Planet Waves Capo looks like it should work a lot better than it did. I tried it on several guitars and made direct comparisons with several other Capos. I used this capo on a Gibson J40, Hummingbird and a J-200. I played it finger style and strummed with a pick. The device is very well made and really looks like the best capo I own. However, the sound left something to be desired. There was fret buzz and the notes sounded lifeless, unless  I really cranked down on the adjustment - then is was still dull, but passable. It was a little better on electrics - I tried it on a Les Paul and a Telecaster - it was OK, but not the best of the bunch. I do like the built in pick holder. To compare this I tried a G7 capo, Kaiser and Schubb. Frankly, the only one I really am happy with is the Schubb. overallrating 3   lineend
name Otto Correct review The adjustable tension is a great idea and the open/close lever is designed in such a way that it sits behind the guitar neck and won't get in the way of your hands (unlike the capo I had before this one).  It even comes with a handy pick holder!I could make this review longer, but what else do you really need to know?  If you have a non-classical 6 string guitar, acoustic or electric, this guy should do the trick, regardless of neck shape.  Its a very well designed capo! overallrating 5   lineend
name Perry D review I have several capos & this one really surprised me for the price. It's light-weight yet strong and the adjustable grip is great for any neck. Compared to my G7th which costs 3 times more, it is a great buy. I really like Planet Waves products. They are made well & last. overallrating 5   lineend
name P. Hamm review  I'm a HUGE fan of the two previous NS Capos from Planet Waves. What does this add to the others?Well, functionally I think it works no better than the previous dual action capo. In other words. It's freakin' perfect.So... I'd give it 4 stars... except it gets 5... because...That little clip that holds a guitar pick is absolute genius.Full marks. You can't miss with this product. overallrating 5   lineend
name P. MSakamoto review  As a musician, you wonder how accessories like a capo, which have been around for centuries, can be improved. Sure enough, the Planet Waves' Capo has a feature where you can manually adjust the tension. When a capo doesn't have enough tension, it will slide around on the neck when your hand bumps into it which will result in buzzing. Initially, the Planet Waves' Capo required me to play around with the tension and placement on my instrument which caused me some concern at first. I mean shouldn't it just immediately work? After I figured out what worked best for my instrument, the capo worked like a charm. An additional feature of the Planet Waves' Capo is that there is a clip for a pick which is handy if you don't already have an attached pick holder.I like it and recommend it for those who might move their capo around to different instruments that have varying neck dimensions. overallrating 4   lineend
name Psychic Cypher review This capo works just fine. The only downside is the same as with most capos...it requires some fine-tuning to get it work on different guitars. The only one I've found that doesn't is the Kyser...my \"go to\" capo for years. Because of its design, that capo adjusts to any guitar (acoustic vs. electric, thin neck vs thick, etc) easily. The only downside of that capo is that it sacrifices a tiny bit of perfect intonation for the sake of ease of use.This capo has a similar \"pinch\" design (spring-loaded), but doesn't adjust as easily to different guitar/neck sizes. It has a wheel that allows for it to be tightened or widened as the guitar needs. This allows for a bit more accuracy of intonation, but at the expense of ease of use. It's certainly not difficult or extremely time consuming, but it's not a capo you want to use to quickly swap in between songs.So, all said, I still prefer my Kyser. It allows for much faster changing, which for me is worth the slight offset in intonation accuracy. But this might be a better option if you're in a studio or won't ever need to use a capo for more than one song at a time (or don't plan to use it on more than one guitar in the first place). overallrating 4   lineend
name Pushpin review I did some research on capos and decided to give Planet Waves a try. I previously had one of those bungie cord like capos, which was fine but it is a bit cumbersome.The other capos I looked into were Kyser and Schubb. Kyser is great because of its easy trigger grip. It's disadvantage however is that it has a lot of weighted tension on one side so it can knock your strings out of tune. The Schubb deals with this issue by having an adjustable tension spring that will adjust pressure according to the thickness of the neck. The problem with the Schubb, however, is that it can't really be manipulated with one hand and it can easily fall of the guitar.In comes the Planet Waves. It has a trigger grip so technically you can easily move it around the fretboard. However, because of the adjustable tension, you do need to adjust it when moving to a different neck thickness. It might rule out the one-handed ease but it does take care of Schubb's problem of falling off. In reality, I only found that I need to adjust the tension when switching between guitars or if I move up way up the fretboard. Between the 1st and 5th fret, I don't really need adjust. However, if for some reason I want to capo at the 7th, I do need to adjust the tension because it's too tight. In all, it's not that big a deal and it's nice to have the option to adjust the capo.In all, I'm happy. No capo is perfect. You can do partial capos with this one. Another review complained that it created buzz but all you need to do it adjust the tension.In case you aren't aware, this particular capo model only works on six string steel guitars. I have an electric guitar, a nylon and a Recording King ROS-06 with a chunky neck. Works great on the electric with the skinny neck and the ROS-06 with that chunky neck. Since the capo was built for guitars with a radius fretboard, it does not work on classical guitars (or anything with a flat fretboard). The capo will not reach across the entire fretboard and since the cap is curved, it will not apply pressure on the middle strings.It's a nice capo but it may not be what you're looking for so I recommend looking into the other two big hits in capos. overallrating 4   lineend
name Rick Langdon review  I am a long-time musician who has been through a lot of capos; some that I hope to never see again :) ... fortunately, things have changed for the better ...What serious guitar players have always needed is a capo that is smart and small, durable, quick change, one hand operation that also has the right tension to make sure there is no string buzz or detuning ... for a while, you could get quick change or tension adjusment, but not both in the same capo ... the last several years have seen manufacturers attempting to provide these key features in one acceptable capo ... now there are many choices out there at various price points and frankly, it gets confusing ...So why this particular capo?  First Planets Waves is a name I have come to trust to provide quality accessories at reasonable prices ... this NS Tri-Action Capo is built sturdy but it is very light and unobtrusive on the guitar neck ... one-hand changing is a cinch and it has a well place adjustable spring tensioner ... so far, this capo covers all the bases in a simple design as well or better than anything else I've tried for the price ...One thing I did not expect is that, because of the design and tensioning, I can use it on Tenor Guitar, Banjo and Mandolin as well ... while I prefer a smaller capo for these other instruments, in a pinch, I can just clip on the NS Tri-Action and keep playing ...I am the kind of guy that when I find something in the instrument world that works, I stick with it for years ... it is possible that this capo may become my favorite ... I just really like the look, feel and features of this smart design ... looks like Planet Waves hit the mark once more ... overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert review This capo is easy to install and move and does not seem to pull the strings thus maintaining tune. Adjustment is easy and effective. The same company makes a tuning capo which I find handy at times. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sam I Am review I don't often capo my guitar.  When I do,  I need something that goes on quickly and is firm on the neck.  You can't get better than this. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cali gadget guy review  I dont know what all the hype is over this thing.  The idea is good and its cute.  Its for kids and metal heads that want to play screaming guitar but not blow the windows out.  How many of these types of noise boxes do we need?  Not only for the price you need to have a speaker cabinet to go with it.  Go buy a 20 watt Roland cube at least you can play some clean guitar also.  Or any combo little amp.  It's for bedroom use only.  You have a external power supply to hook up to it then you need a speaker wire.  Being light weight as it is also if you move around with your guitar you will pull it off the speaker cabinet and drag it around the stage with you.  Just get a distortion pedal at least it stays in one spot. overallrating 2   lineend
name Carlo review When I'm in a apt. I need an amp with tube (at least the pre) and a cabinetOrange PPC108 1x8\" Speaker Cabinetas small as possible, giving a decent sound and output (w/o annoying around) and Orange made my needs true!(I never ever expect to play at a stadium with this! Obviously)In my opinion, this is absolutely a decent Amp that respond to precise needs. overallrating 5   lineend
name E. D. Garcia review  er is right.  The external power brick for this guy seems fragile.  I'm not a fan of the thin line from the brick to the amp. It's holding up, but one round with my cat and I'll be looking for a new power supply.The RubAnnoyance #1:  One cheap cable anywhere in the mix will result in annoying HISS even at low volumes.  I found that out quickly.  So, get a proper speaker cable and a high end instrument cable or you will hate this amp.  I'm running it with a GLS 12 gauge speaker cable and a Planet Waves American Stage instrument cable - both available here at Amazon or any good guitar shop.Annoyance #2:  This is a 20 watt amp, right?  WELL... if you don't run a 4ohm speaker, you won't get all 20 watts.  The Micro Terror self-adjusts to the power needed to drive your speaker by stepping down output. (Yes yes... don't quote physics to me.)  At 8ohms, I still get good volume.  But at 16ohms (like my BH110) it sounds like a 5 or 7 watt amp.  That said, I'm actually a fan of the tone I get with my 8ohm Weber in its pine cab. The 8 inch Jensen speaker in my Champ, while nice, can't put out the low notes like I'd prefer and the Jensen Mod 10-50 is TOO clean.  But the Weber 10A125 sounds fantastic to my ears; even with the loss in volume.Annoyance #3: The Micro Terror is so small and so light, it'll tumble right to the floor if anyone kicks your chord.  Unlike a nice 20 pound amp, the chord won't pull out.  So: BE CAREFUL.Mitigation for Annoyance #3: The all steel chassis can handle a tumble from three feet up onto hardwood floors... though, it will gouge your floor.And then there's the standard annoyance that comes with owning any guitar amplifier: if the power is noisy or ungrounded, you will wind up with hiss no matter what.  I always carry a Monster HTS 350 and run my amp through it; that REALLY helps in cleaning up signal noise.  (If you don't have one, get one.  The 300 & 350 are cheap and they work.)The SummaryAfter all that, I can still say:  I love this little amp!  I've gigged with it and it sings well.  Plus, the added gag of tiny ukulele + tiny amp always draws a laugh... until I crank the dial over and shred some faces.For the price, you can likely afford to pick up $40 worth of guitar/speaker chords and wind up with a healthy rig.  And, for the price, this is a solid 4 star amp.  I know I'm happy. overallrating 4   lineend
name Gordon Tubbs review BOTTOM LINE: The Orange Micro Terror is powerful hybrid amp head capable of driving any number of speakers you throw at it. It's low wattage guarantees crushing tube overdrive and classic British tones in the palm of your hand.WHY ONLY 3 STARS? For starters, this is what I would consider a review   with \"For a $150 amp...\". Look, I don't judge gear just by price, I judge it by VALUE and with my EARS first. The reality is, you need a really nice 1x12, 2x12, or 4x12 to really make the Micro Terror sound amazing. If you're dropping $150 for the Terror, and probably another $150~$250 for a great cab... why not spend that $300 or so on a great ALL-tube 1x12 to begin with with 2 channels, better EQ, and the option to route to an external cab from the get-go?) overallrating 3   lineend
name Ian review I have checked this amp out twice, once with an orange ppc112 and once with the 8&#34; version, with both a Strat and a Les Paul, and I am very disappointed in this amp.Now admittedly, with the high output buckers on the les paul the pre-amp breaks up nicely and the tone is really sweet with the gain on 5-7, however the bottom line is that there is simply not enough clean headroom in this amp to produce any worthwhile volume with clean or mild crunch tones.So, without any volume with clean tones this amp becomes a one trick pony and hence so very very disappointing...Bottom line: unless you want full on distortion 100% of the time, you are better off with a clean amp and distortion pedal than this gutless amp.... if you are committed to Orange (and boy do they make some stunning amps) go check out the dark terror... overallrating 2   lineend
name The Count review Will be getting the amp in a day or two. At the sale price of $119 this can't be beat. My research on this device said that to make the really good little solid state/tube hybrid even more awesome is to replace the JJ 12AX7 with a Mullard Blackburn vintage 12AX7 (from the 1960's). It can cost around $30-50 a piece for a NOS (new old stock) but will sweeten the sound without adding or subtracting noticeable gain. In the end the Micro Terror should sound just like real tube amps costing many hundreds more.1st UpdateTook delivery and hooked it right up to my Marschall 412 into the 16 Ohm jack. Volume at about8 o'clock and gain at about 3 o'clock. Man, what a great sound. Very tubey! Typical British growl at higher gain settings. Loud. Plenty loud for your bedroom/office/whatever. Turning it up a bit should be more than enough for a gig at a bar. Just be sure to use a GOOD QUALITY SPEAKER CABLE, like the GLS. Will be updating when I get the vintage 12AX7 tube replacement. So far I am very impressed. Honestly, with a sound this good, why buy a TH30 for 5 times the price. Measured how loud this thing is. At about 3 feet in front of my Marshall 1960 lead 4x12 with gain at max and volume at a bit less than 8 o'clock I got around 84 decibels playing strong but not super strong chords. This is too loud for most apt. buildings for sure so better plug in the headphones.2nd UpdateTried out several compatible tubes...ie 12AY7 12AT7 and the Mullard 12AX7. Each will have a subtle or more obvious effect, sound is such a subjective thing you really have to try this out for yourself.  I personally found the Mullard to be the best. Really nice tube sound, typical Orange, sounds as good as most amps costing several times as much. overallrating 5   lineend
name The Den review This is a very cheap little practice amp, and I hoped I'd be able to use it with the headphone port and aux in to practice without driving my GF nuts... Unfortunately I have a couple of problems:  the headphone and aux quality really wasn't that great (and using great phones).  The sound of the amp itself is dirty or dirtier... I just expected this to be a little more versatile than it turned out to be.For quiet practice, you're best getting a VOX Amplug, IMHO.  Sounds great, MUCH cheaper, and integrates external audio better. overallrating 3   lineend
name Barron Family review A perfect fit! Plus it comes with a handle, strap and a nice sized pocket where you can store picks, capos, straps and strings. Its great for getting my uke from point a to b safely. Would recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name kiboy review  Very happy with it considering the price point.  I'd buy it again in a heartbeat as long as you don't need a hard case.  Great for the knock around uke though. overallrating 5   lineend
name Norm review It is okay. It serves the purpose. It is a good fit for the soprano uke. A pull tab for one of the zippers broke off within a week. Not a big deal I just stuck a zip tie in its place. The case is not a cheap trash bag style gig bag but a heavy nylon with some padding to it. It has a pocket on the front to hold some small gear. There is no support for the neck inside like in a guitar case. It will keep your uke from getting scratched or dusty, but will not provide much more protection than that. overallrating 3   lineend
name Scotty Boy review This gig bag is assembled with quality fabric and awesome construction technique. Definitely far superior to any of the other gig bags that I'v ordered for tenor and baritone Uke in this price range. overallrating 5   lineend
name Shastastan review  This is a very reasonable price for this bag.  I got it for my les paul epiphone uke.  The fit is fine.  This bag has better padding than the bag that came with the uke.  I'll just give the epiphone bag away to someone who doesn't have one. overallrating 4   lineend
name Victoria review What a good buy!  This gig bag is nicely made, looks great, and the padding is really nice.  Luv the zip pocket in the front - perfect for strap, snark, capo, whatever.  Bought this for my hubby's tenor uke and one just like it ('tho smaller)for my concert uke.  Highly recommend. overallrating 5   lineend
name Yakov Hadash review This is a very sturdy and well-made bag. Much better for the money than I was expecting. I wish I could find a guitar bag that was this nice! My uke is very cozy inside. The pocket on the outside has a lot of space for your picks, kazoo, ukulele stand, whatever you need to have with you.I carry an iPad around when I play -- the full size iPad doesn't fit in the outer pocket, so I put it on the back of the uke on the inside. An iPad Mini would probably fit. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob Denton review  Inexpensive and compares favorably with my more expensive tuners. Angle is not as adjustable as a snark but tuner works well. overallrating 4   lineend
name brien patterson review This is so darn cool!! It shows which string you are tuning and exactly when you are in tune!! And it works on so many instruments!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Electrosandwich review Being very disappointing by the sensitivity of the Snark SN 1, I purchased this bargain priced tuner, I could not be more pleased. It has settings for chromatic, bass, guitar, and ukulele. Not only does it have tone dial indicator, but the screen changes color, red for flat, green for just right, yellow for sharp. The screen is also very bright and easy to read. It is very sensitive, no need to constantly move it around like with the Snark SN 1. It is tiny, perfect for carrying in your pocket or purse. I use mine for when I go to the music store and test out ukuleles. This makes a perfect main tuner, or a nice inexpensive backup to more expensive tuners. My main tuner is a Snark SN 8, but this one is just as accurate. The only negatives I can find is that the hinge seems kinda delicate, so you don't want to force it, and the power button is very tiny, but for the size and performance of the unit, those low points are almost irrelevant. Buy a couple, you can get two or three of these for the price of a single Snark or Korg. overallrating 5   lineend
name Justin P. Palmieri review  Great little tuner very accurate and portable!nice bright screen perfect and the price is right!Its nice it has a chromatic tuner on it too as wellas guitar and bass too! very handy! i useit to tune my baritone, concert and soprano ukes ! overallrating 5   lineend
name Matthew B. Jones review I ordered the Hola! and the Snark SN-6 to preview for my senior adult ukulele players at church.  I've spent the last week or so tuning a large group of 20 or so ukuleles twice a day to allow them to &#34;settle in&#34;.  I've used both of these similarly priced tuners and have found them both to be excellent.  I can't really tell any difference in the accuracy of either one.  They are both contact tuners, meaning that they pick up the vibration of the instrument rather than relying on an external microphone.The Hola! is definitely the best choice of the two in that it's more versatile, easier to use, more durable looking, and easier to store.  The Hola! lies virtually flat and takes up less space in every dimension than the snark.  It comes in a plastic sales container that can be reused to offer further protection if you feel the need.  The Snark's curved display arm (which you can't really see in the photo) is slightly more delicate looking, in addition to the fact that it extrudes farther.  I found the Hola! display to be bigger, brighter and generally easier to read.  Honestly, most of these differences are minor especially when considering how inexpensive these tuners are.  The really important difference is the &#34;tuning mode&#34; feature on the Hola!.Hola! offers very simple operation with one button for power and for switching between its 4 modes of function.  You can select &#34;chromatic&#34;, &#34;guitar&#34;, &#34;bass&#34; and &#34;ukulele&#34; modes by briefly pressing the power button (as opposed to a long-press for power on/off).  This is an especially important feature if the user is not an experienced and knowledgeable musician.  Imagine trying to tune with a an 88-key piano if you don't know anything about the notes on the piano.  &#34;Ukulele&#34; mode is like using a piano with only 4 notes.  Use &#34;chromatic&#34; to tune your uke differently than standard or tune other instruments.The snark  is  superior in it's rotating display which can be turned and rotated in almost any direction.  If turning your head  at all  is a deal-breaker, get the Snark.  I found the Hola!'s display to be more than sufficient.  I'm currently using the snark on my guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Livote review  I bought this on a whim to use as a low cost tuner for my Hola! uke...and find myself using it on my six string guitar and four string bass as well. It tunes quickly and easily, with different colors used for when your too high or too low in pitch, and uses green as the color when you nail it, very nice and easy to use. It's also very compact, easily storing in even the tightest of gig bags, even your pants pocket will do for traveling.I highly recommend this if your on a tight budget and can only get one tuner for multiple instruments, it's a bargain and it works great. You can't honestly ask for more! overallrating 5   lineend
name Norm review I love this little tuner. It is smaller than I thought it would be. It weighs next to nothing, is accurate,  and easy to read with its bright large display. It is universal for different string instruments by pressing the botton on the back. The only part of the display that is very small is the one that tells you what instrument it is set for, but that was not a big enough issue for me to subtract points for. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul Hawthorne review  I've ordered 9 of these, and only one has been defective. Not worth shipping it back, no big deal. Great tuner for my guitar class! The Snark may have a few more features, but if all you need this to do is help you tune, you're good to go. overallrating 4   lineend
name Richard review  Liked the fact it tunes your ukulele as I must be tone deaf and cant use pitch pipes,, I bought another for my step son.  I did have a problem with mine not turning on one time but after re-seating the battery it has not had a problem since. overallrating 5   lineend
name bean review  i like the fact they are colored the helps a set up and break downi am going to buy some more overallrating 4   lineend
name C. Hill review  This 6-Pack of Guitar Patch Cables are great for chaining guitar effects pedals and the short lengths helps to reduce cable \"spaghetti mess\". These are well made cables with 90-degree connectors, which is exactly what we needed.Highly Recommended!CFH overallrating 5   lineend
name Dakota Brown review They work great with my pedals! Not sure if it's the pedals or the cords, but I noticed with my full rig and using all the cords there is a noticeable hum in the background. I'm sure a noise gate could solve that problem, but oh well. I can deal with it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dennis review  After years of soldering connectors to custom wire lengths, I love the ease of buying a few packs of inexpensive patch cords and just plugging in. Some of my older pedals are still connected using soldered 90 degree plugs that invite crackle and hum over time - may be due to vibration when packing / setting up or, maybe it's just contaminates in the air condensing on the contact surface. No matter, I won't be getting out the screwdriver and soldering iron again.One advantage of these molded plugs is smaller size - especially when connecting stereo devices. Much narrower than the 90 degree metal shells with screws. A couple of concerns I had were increased noise without the metal connector shell and the restrictions of fixed length. As it turns out, they don't contribute to higher noise levels and, they are just the right length for all my pedal connections. Everything is connected using this single length patch.Love the color coding, too. Especially on the stereo pedals connected in series where you can link the mono and B channels and are looking for that mono output in less than bright light.And what to do if one does fail? Toss it and grab another from the bag of patch cords that cost less than a couple of soldered connectors and is replaced faster than a soldering iron can get up to temperature. I'll always have a bag of these around for spares and reconfiguring my board. It's a lot more fun playing than fixing stuff - love these patch cables! overallrating 5   lineend
name jimrenfroe review They all work and none of them have given any trouble. My pedal arrangement stays loose and the whole thing gets moved and jerked around (a lot). I would have liked them to be a little bigger in diameter but for the price they work great. No regrets, Rock On! overallrating 4   lineend
name Marilyn Brown review took longer than I wanted but im in cali and they are in jersey so... when I got the patches they were better quality than I expected. So It was cool. overallrating 4   lineend
name Nathan V review These patch cables have worked well and done their job just fine for me but when they arrived they smelled really strongly like band-aids ... kind of a gross plastic smell.  The smell did go away some but it made me not want to touch them much at first. overallrating 3   lineend
name A. Baker review If you are looking for a compact size pickup this is it.  I've tried it on my fiddle and a mountain dulcimer.  It is great for a quick way to get electrified.  Lead wire is not very substantial, but if it breaks in the future hopefully I can just buy another one.  To get the best sound you should probably run this unit thru a preamp. overallrating 5   lineend
name Daryl J. Healey review  s on here have mentioned using it on a ukulele . . . no.  It doesn't work that way, unless the sound hole is not directly over the strings.  If it is, the pickup will mute the A string, and it's annoying.Anyway I digress.  The pickup adds a bright, clear sound to your instrument, without feedback or hassle. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ethan Paulson review For being so cheap, this pickup works surprisingly great. Was just looking for something quick and easy to mic a violin at a decent quality, and this did the job perfectly! overallrating 5   lineend
name F. L. Hall review  I wanted a pickup for my relatively inexpensive violin. It sounds pretty good for the price I paid for it. I was actually in the market for an electric violin and while shopping Amazon ran across this inexpensive pickup for an acoustic. I purchased it at the same time I bought the electric violin. Naturally when the electric arrived, I laid the acoustic pick up off to the side and went to work on the electric. A few days later I thought I would give the pickup a try. It slides right in and out of an F hole with no problem. I plugged it into my Fender amp with a little reverb and WOW is how I can describe what came out. It sounded like I was in a Great Concert Hall. Of course there is no adjustments on the pickup so everything is done with the settings on the amp. Whatever your amp is capable of, your violin can do it. Now I haven't tried to blow it up or anything but the sound is tremendous. Cant say enough except the price was so low I couldn't have gone wrong too bad. overallrating 5   lineend
name ixd735 review Pros:-Price point--can't really go wrong-Clean signal (no self-noise)-Works for a tunerCons:-For recording or amplification purposes, this thing picks up a LOT of attack noise--fingers dropping on the strings, bow clicks, etc.-Additionally, the clamp does not always solidly grasp the instrument, and shakes around a bit. God help you if you touch the pickup while playing amplified. overallrating 3   lineend
name James Tunnicliffe review For an $8 item, you can't go wrong. I used it on a violin to test out some amps at a Guitar Center. It seems very sensitive and transmits a clear tone. overallrating 5   lineend
name Johanna Soliday review I originally rated this pickup 5 stars. However after using it for some time on dulcimers, a mandolin and acoustic guitars, some problems have turned up.Basically the Cherub is just too sensitive. It works well at lower volumes, but as soon as you crank it up, feedback city that you can not stop easily. I put a rubber inner tube from a bike to reduce the sensitivity, but still feed back and funny sound.If you are looking for a pickup to use at a dance or some other loud venue, the Cherub will likely squeal as you crank it up.It sort of makes the whole acoustic chamber of your instrument one big pickup. You can talk into your instrument! overallrating 3   lineend
name Just Visiting review I quite like the sound of this thing, running through a Crate acoustic guitar amplifier. It sounds really natural, and it's easy to dial in a nice sound. It's hard to hear it while you're playing; you're better off dialing in a sound while someone else plays for you, or trusting someone else to set the amp. Like most of these kinds of pickups, it's quite susceptible to feedback, so you can't get out in front of the amplifier and listen. Not a slam on the product-that's just the nature of the beast. I'm an honest to goodness terrible violinist, but I got this to help me teach a large group of elementary school children. It's a beginner class, and hearing the right sound is really helpful. It works great. I don't turn it up very loud-just a little bit of extra push so they can hear me in the back of the room. I hate the &#34;short&#34; cord, and I wish I could use a regular instrument cable, but I can understand that they don't want a lot of weight pulling on your violin. But the cord length means you have to sit pretty tightly on top of your amplifier-unless you use some kind of little pre amp. In fairness, the cord is a reasonable length, but I'm quite tall, so it's 5' of cable just to get straight up to my shoulder. overallrating 4   lineend
name Tobias L Merriman review Unbelievable clear sounding on a Mandolin.  Can't yet get the sound out of a violin that I want with it but still experimenting.  Will have to find a way to keep the cord secure while it's connected as the slightest movement or adjustment makes a lot of noise.All in all 7$ very well spent.  Thank goodness pickup prices are coming down.  Only a few years ago you could not find a pickup-mic even this good for &#60;100$.  Now if only the price of pickup-chics would come down. :( overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review I have run sound for several large churches, providing services for both live sound and television broadcasting. The way that you have to mix for each of those is vastly different, especially when applying vocal effects. I have also run a small recording studio for the last 12 years.The 80/20 rule says that if you can get 80% of the sound you're looking for with 20% of the work, be satisfied. This Mic Mechanic (MM) is more like 99% of the sound with 1% of the work.I actually use this more in a studio setting than for live sound. Primarily because it solves SO many problems that you face as a sound engineer.1) Adaptive tone. The MM continuously listens to your voice and adjusts the compression, gate, EQ, and de-essing. Even when recording dry vocals, at a minimum, you should at least set your compression, then in post production, add parametric EQ to place your vocals where they need to be set.Now? I hit the tone button, and all that is done for me. It makes a dynamic mic sound great! It makes working with a condenser mic easier.2) Reverb. Most home recording enthusiasts have problems applying reverb. They either use too much or too little. With this, when you it equally between wet and dry, you get the right amount of reverb to bring recording to life. I recorded a vocal with club, room, and hall reverb. Each one sat just right! When you solo the vocals, you can tell which is used. In the mix it was more subtle. Good Job!3) Pitch correction. I have to admit, my own vocals aren't perfect. When you record your own vocals, and you're like me, you'll hear a \"chorus\" sound in your headphones. That's because you're hearing you own vocals and the pitch correction through the headphones. This takes a second to get use to.When set in the center, you can still do your vocal gymnastics, slide into notes, and it seems... natural. It pulls you to the closest not in the chromatic scale, so if you're way off, it will make your vocals sound out.I'm not a singer, but this has renewed my joy in singing! overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian Mark review I have a bad habit of backing off of the microphone when changing chords on the guitar. This little device gives me auto-correct for that habit as well as some nice echos and reverbs which aren't overbearing, and the pitch correction sounds really natural. Now I just need 2 more so the rest of our singers have that same great sound. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Candy review This is a nice product that is perfect for someone like me, basically a one man band.  Guitar is my primary instrument and I am a decent singer, but not great.  This can help clean up my vocals and is helpful if you occasionally stray off key (a little).  Very simple to operate.  Like most swiss army knives it can do a lot of things pretty well but none of them great. Hvr, considering the price, I think it's excellent.  Would buy it again if stolen (as they say). overallrating 4   lineend
name Daniel Freeman review I have a small format 10 channel mixer for my acoustic and small gigs and it has no built in effects. It also gets a little bit noisy when using the EQ on the two mic pre channels.The Mic Mechanic allows me to dial in foot switchable effects right on y pedalboard, where they should be for a solo act or when your running your own sound. I typically leave the &#34;Tone&#34; button on at all times, as it gives a nice eq curve and mild compression. Effects are easy dial up on the selector and can be customized by using the modifiers...(read the manual). The correction works pretty well for me, but someone who is a bett vocalist may not need it, in which case, you can turn it down. I typically run mine around 12-1:00E thing I don't like about this pedal is its 12v power consumption. It can be phantom powered, but if I engage phantom power on my mixer it is on for both mic pres And I use the other often times for a second dynamic mic when playing as a duo. It can run off the Sanyo Pedal Power without issue however and I often use it on my acoustic pedalboard with a compressor and delay/reverb for my guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name John Ellis review When I originally went out to place this order, I was planning to order the  TC Electronics Singles VoiceTone C1 Vocal Effects Processor for its pitch correction function. As I looked over that device and some alternatives, I finally ordered the TC-Helicon Mic Mechanic because it had pitch correction and some other very nice effects. I ignored the reviewers who said the pitch correction function had no effect - how could TC Electronics put out the &#34;Mic Mechanic&#34; with a pitch correction function that didn't do anything? Well, those reviewers were right - the pitch correction function has NO EFFECT! Also, I couldn't see any effect between engaging/disengaging the tone button. I kept the Mic Mechanic because I like the other effects, but I'm very disappointed in the primary reason I bought it! overallrating 2   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  I purchased this to add basic effects to a small PA based on daisy-chainedPowerwerks PW50 Portable PA Systemheads and got a lot more than I bargained for.The effects are beautifully done. Reverb sounds natural and there is a wide range of choices for both reverb and echo. For the record I keep mine set at Club with the wet/dry knob set to a straight 12 o'clock position. Wet means more of the effect and dry means less.There is a mic gain on the left side of the unit, and the mic input (XLR only) has phantom power. The XLR out goes straight to your mixer. There is also a USB port for software I do not use so I cannot speak to that feature.The unexpected bonus on this device is the tone feature, which I leave on. It adds a dimension to vocals that does not interfere with them, not does it alter them in ways that are mechanical sounding - you can set it for minor to major pitch correction. I suspect that most folks will want less of this than more.Overall this is a perfect addition to a vocalist's toolbox because it is straightforward to use and relatively inexpensive. It's also perfect for adding vocal effects to small, bare-bones PA systems. It transformed mine from essentially a loudspeaker to a true PA. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bret Hart review This is the best octaver I have ever played through (I bought my first one in 1980), and you would be a dope not to get one now before they become expensive. THREE umm... density/timbral/tonal choices [chorused, only octaved signal, 50/50 mix clean-octaved signal] PER setting, which ranges from -2 to +2 octaves. Quiet and tiny footprint. You'd be dumb not to get one while they're cheap. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dan Edman review Depends on what your looking for. Is this a POG...nope, but it has some tricks up it's leave for the price. The only con I can give is when playing chords when dropping down (like a drop D) it doesn't always sound grant. Bar chords work a little better overallrating 5   lineend
name Levi Cannon review I have owned almost every octave/harmonizer/pitch shifter on the market. For what this tiny 80 dollar box is capable of, you cant beat it. First off, Its polyphonic. You wont find that in anything else under $300. Instant tracking, wide range of versatility, perfect volume balancing and very solid design. Only two flaws: a very slight hum when compared to buffered bypass pedals, still doesnt hum as bad as my POG did. The only flaw that irks me is that the affected note comes slightly flat when using just the pitch shift mode. Its very minute but a well trained ear in a solo session will hear it plain as day. Otherwise this inexpensive powerhouse is a grand slam. Great job Mooer, i cant wait to try more of your stuff. overallrating 4   lineend
name Orcatrino review If you only want to use this thing as a detune effect to add a static, non-oscillating, chorus like effect, it's fine for that.  As an actual pitch shifter though, this thing is awful.  All the pitch shift settings sound like they're 30 cents sharp. This is especially awful sounding when used as an Octave effect.  I suppose I could have opened it up to see if there was an adjustment pot inside but I did not want to void the warranty so I just returned it.  It's hard to believe that nobody at the company could hear how badly out of tune this pedal is.  I've read the same complaint about their Pure Octave pedal also. This is really too bad because all the other pedals for Mooer seem to be quite good.  I own their Reecho Delay pedal and quite like it and I'm also tempted to get their Green Mile pedal.If you're not that sensitive to pitch inaccuracies, this pedal maybe fine for you but I doubt that many will find this pedal to be satisfactory.One minor quibble about the rubber padding used at the bottom of these pedals.  It does not stick to the adhesive on ANY of the Velcro strips I've tried to use. overallrating 1   lineend
name Rock Morton review The Mooer Pitch Box in the harmonist mode blends the dry signal with the altered pitch, and in the pitch shift mode if filters out the dry signal.The pitch knob allows you to raise the note 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 9, 12, and 24 semitones, or lower the note by 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 9, 12, and 24 semitones.I found that putting a distortion pedal in front of the Pitch Box made the harmonies more pronounced. Making how well it tracks and handles bends and vibrato more noticeable. And in general it helps it sounds more like a guitar and less like an organ.When I had the pitch box in front of the distortion pedal, it had this constant warble that sounded like an out of tune guitar. The detune mode sounds like a chorus but I almost never use it. overallrating 4   lineend
name animulvr review Works well and has some nice features for extra tuning help. Comparing it to my old BOSS TU-12 dedicated guitar tuner, this works just as good. overallrating 5   lineend
name Casey D review I chose a 5 star rating, because i've simply never owned a tuner of this high quality in my lifetime. This tuner blows away my old 'Guitar Professor-Qwik Tune' Tuner. This tuner gives unbeatable performance therefore the price is justified in my opinion. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeremy D. review I ordered TM50BK unit but after a couple of delays with my local delivery agent, decided to buy a unit locally which turned out to be the Korg Beat Boy.The Beat Boy is everything that this unit is and then some. In addition to the metronome and tuner, it has a record function and drum tracks, in all 100 different patterns. The units have an almost identical front panel with the metronome patterns in with the drum options, the extra buttons for the record and an external mic for acoustic instruments.Had I seen the Beat Boy first, I would have ordered it instead as I was looking for a drum machine anyway. The functions which are shared between the 2 units work really well, the tuner is accurate and fast, and can't fault the metronome.I will probably keep the TM50BK as a spare, but I'm also glad my local shippers have prolonged the wait. If you just want a metronome and tuner, this is a fine unit, but if you're considering a drum machine too, look at the Beat Boy before making any decisions. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jerry E. Semler review I started to play the violin a few months ago.  When I got my violin, I purchased the Korg CA1 Chromatic Tuner thinking I would not need a metronome.  The Korg CA1 also cost slight less.  However, now my instructor is having me work on scales using a metronome.  She has the Korg TM40 metronome.  I opted to purchase the newer model Korg TM50PW Instrument Tuner and Metronome.  It is great.  Based on my experience, unless you are sure you do not need a metronome, I would recommend everyone purchased the TM40 or TM50 (just in case) instead of the CA1. overallrating 5   lineend
name M. C. Malkemus review  I play using this device. It is portable, so I always have it with me. I tune the A to 432, and this works well for that. Has a tuner and a metronome. What's not to love. Best to carry a cable to plug into the guitar, unless you are in a quiet area. It is sensitive, and will pick up ambient sounds to give false readings. This is a good thing: it's sensitive. overallrating 5   lineend
name An Engineer review So ive been playing using this thing for a couple of weeks now. Ive ran different setups and seem to work well with my pedals one at a time except for one issue that I noticed consistently, so beware of this.One channel (#8) does 9v with 500mA, sounds great right?I plug in my Even Tide Timefactor and works great by itself. Once I added other pedals, there became a horrible hum. Like noticable and just horrible. Then I used my stock Timefactor power supply and plugged in my entire rig without drawing 500mA from output 8, and there was no hum.This phenomena also occured when I plugged in my Holy Grail pedal (the classic one) that draws 500mA as well.kind of annoying to have a power strip to power all my pedal, but im not complaining about it for a power supply that is a fraction of the price of a vodoo pp2+, to power most of my pedal quietler than a one spot. overallrating 4   lineend
name Applewhite Minyard review This isn't the best power supply available. It doesn't truly isolate each input. The description says the outputs are &#34;isolated,&#34; but what this means is that they are independent; that is, if one input has a short in it, that one will cease to function and not the other, working inputs. So the short circuit protection is isolated, but the grounding is not.This can cause some issues with noise, but there are other things that can cause noise too. It's not always just the power supply making the noise. It could be certain pedals, cables, or some combination of factors. A power conditioner will sometimes help as well.However, the Joyo provides plenty of power--enough for 8-9V inputs and 1 each of 12V and 18V.It is dependable, solidly built, comes with plenty of connectors and is small enough to fit on moderately sized pedal boards. I have 12 5 x 3 pedals on my board with 2 of these Joyo units, and my board is about 26 x 14.There is some noise, but I don't attribute that just to the power supply. It takes some investigating and maybe an experienced tech to trace this down. I'm not sure it can ever be completely eliminated, but the Joyo itself seems to produce very little, and it's a third to half the price of the truly isolated units, and a definite step up from a daisy chain. It also has those cool blue lights that you can turn on or off. overallrating 4   lineend
name K. Ray review Very versatile power supply and much cheaper than others.  This is not true isolated outputs, but it is quiet and that is what counts.  I have the Fuel Tank Chameleon and I end up using this because it fits the needs of the pedals on my board the best, mainly because of the 500ma output. Here is a comparison of the JP-02, Chameleon, and the OneSpot.  I have all three.T-REX FUEL TANK CHAMELEON (1350ma)Outputs 1-3: 9v/12v 300maOutput 4: 9v/18V 150maOutput 5: 9v/12v 300ma| ---- Use 5 OR 6 only, not bothOutput 6: 12v AC 300maJOYO SP-02 (1000ma)Outputs 1-7: 9v 100maOutput 8: DC 9V Maximum output of 500mAOutput 9: DC12V 100maOutput 10: DC18V 100maVISUAL SOUND ONESPOT (1700ma 9v only)Daisy Chain Power into 8 pedals not exceeding 1700ma overallrating 5   lineend
name Michelle A. Puziss review This thing Rocks! Unlike other cheap Chinese-made ripoffs (ahem... Behringer) These Joyo products are well made, inexpensive and worth every penny. overallrating 4   lineend
name NW_OR_USA review I have a home brew pedal board with 6 pedals on it. This allowed me to clean up the wiring a lot and powers all of them with no problems. The blue LED lights are quite bright and make the pedals visible in dark room conditions. Not a bad price, either! overallrating 5   lineend
name overbybr review I like this power supply, but I wish that the LED's only turned on for the channels that you have a cable plugged in to, so for that reason I'll give it 4 stars as opposed to 5. The quantity of power outlets and the amperage's that it provides are best in class. overallrating 4   lineend
name Reno review So far this power supply is great! Pretty compact and light, come with all the power cables you need and does the job at a far more reasonable price at the other power supplies I was considering. No complaints here! overallrating 5   lineend
name S. review Well, it's a solid chunk of metal.  The lights on it are either all on or all, off, so they are useless to me.You can power any lightweight 9v, 12, or 18v stompbox with this.  Just watch the milliamps because I don't think this can deliver much more than a few hundred per box.My only issue with it is that the included patch cords are all the same length.  Would have been nice to have a few really long ones.It is more expensive than a one spot, but I guess this is a neater solution and at the very least, I can actually use my all the stompboxes  I want now. overallrating 4   lineend
name slambusky review joyo makes great quality products  cheap. I love this product it works great. all my pedals hove there own power supply overallrating 5   lineend
name SRR review  I've read its not really complete isolated, but it does the job. I didn't realise how much noise my one spot was adding. I A/B them both one after the other and it truly was quieter. the only Problem I have is my TC Helicon takes 12 volts input but 300MA. this pedal only supplies 100MA so the pedal didn't work in the 12 volt slit. Luckily however it does work plugged into the 9volt 300MA spot so im using it there. everything else in the other 9volt 100MA slots.it's a lot quieter now. I recommend trying it and saving some cash. overallrating 4   lineend
name Timothy L. Obriant review I admit I haven't had it long, but so far so good. I have a Gator pedal board that came with their power supply. Unfortunately, that thing has a proprietary connector on the cable. The PS is fine, but the cable is shorting out. Couldn't find another cable, so I thought I'd find another solution with a more generic cable. This Joyo product fits that and is cheaper than the competition (which made me a little skeptical). I may never need all its features, but for what I need (powering 5 devices) it is doing the job beautifully. My pedal board includes tuner, chorus and octaver stomp boxes, a bass DI and a Rolls headphone amp. The JP-02 frees me up from any other wall warts. Money! Now I just need to figure a way to attach it to the bottom of the pedal board. overallrating 5   lineend
name Debra Merrill Mccullar review  Ordered a set of these to put 2 on my Ibanez and 2 on my Squier, they fit perfectly. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Guitar Operator review  s.If you get these and they aren't perfect...send them back until you get a perfect set! It's free!Hope this helps...not much else to say! overallrating 4   lineend
name Jeremy D. review Not much you can say about these, they're knobs! They fit perfectly and are of high quality finish. They finish off my bass nicely as I like to have the numerals there for reference. overallrating 5   lineend
name Seventh-777 review Not much to say here - they're knobs. They look good, are well made and fit perfectly on the CTS pots in my guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Techie review  What can I say?  They look great and were cheap.  My kind of product.  Bought them to replace the old &#34;vintage&#34; style knobs on my LP clone.  Much nicer looking! overallrating 4   lineend
name David L. Bacon review I have just gotten all the adaptor snow to make this work. Focusrite was very helpful will problems concerning this. I have only made a few recording but I am going to make a lot more. Very easy to use. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Villella review  I wanted to find a device that let me record easily when at a gig, or just in my office. I did a LOT of research into devices that were USB only, even other ones that Focusrite sold. The main reason I picked this one was its versatility in being both iPad and USB compatible.The complaints about the iPad connector cable are valid - it's too stiff and short. I feel like I might accidently break it off if I'm not too careful. Why it uses a proprietary connector on the back of the unit, I'll never know. To combat the included 30-pin cable I bought a$10 3ft 30-pin extension cable, which seems to do the job nicely. The GarageBand software on the iPad is simple enough to use, and while it can only record one of the 2 input channels at a time, that's fine for what I expected. To record from a live sound-board, I just use the XLR input, set the gain (with the awesome colored halo ring), and save the recording as a mono track.Being small and solidly built, I've got no problem tossing this in the milk-crate with the rest of my cables and peddles.In regards to how it records when plugging into a computer via USB (an iMac in this case), it's even better than I expected. The GarageBand software on the Mac does have the ability to record both input channels at the time time. The on-board monitor volume and headphone is fantastic. I thought it only would play back what was being input at that moment, but it does more than that. It's a real monitor (the GarageBand software recognizes it's the monitor output), and when you have a multi-track recording that you're working on, the software allows you to pass back other tracks from the computer while recording a new track.For example, I recorded a track with just the guitar (track 1), I was using the 1/4\" input channel, and laid down that track. Then I created a second guitar track and recorded a second guitar part (headphones plugged into iTrack Solo) and I was able to hear both the current track I was recording, and the first track. Lastly, I plugged in a mic into the first input, and created a 3rd vocal only track. When I was singing, I was able to hear both guitar parts with the headphones still plugged into the iTrack Solo as well as my vocals recording in real-time. I wasn't expecting this level of capability, and was very impressed by the lack of any noticeable latency in both the backing tracks and the vocals I was recording with all 3 going at the same time.The last thing I want to mention is the XLR pre-amp. Focusrite has been making high-end professional recording equipment for a long time, and the thing they're most well-known for is the mic pre-amp. I have to say, it is spectacular. There is absolutely no noise (no hiss, or clicks) of any kind. The gain staging nobs with the color halos make it so easy to setup, it's almost too easy. The sound it captures is exactly what you expect, and you'll notice right away if you're using a low quality microphone. It definitely stands up to their reputation. Having 48v phantom power to use those top dollar condenser mics is also a really nice thing to have. The demos on their website show how simple it is to use. Once you start playing with it, you'll realize it is a really nice tool for a solo artist, or someone who wants high portability, but great sound quality. overallrating 5   lineend
name John review Despite its iFlavor it works beautifully with my PC. Sounds better than any sound card i've used and of course gives me the ability to play and record on my computer with no noticeable latency. It's a great intro model, not just for ipads. Whole device is powered and runs over one USB cord. I'm so impressed, my main PC audio comes out of the headphone jack of this device. It's an extremely capable machine with good drivers and works great with REAPER. overallrating 5   lineend
name Just Visiting review I bought one of these for myself after using one in a junior high school music program. (I'm a teacher, not a student.) I have only used it with Garage Band, but it works really well. I have used it to record electronic drums, bass guitar (direct out from a multi-effects pedal), vocals, and guitar (with garage band's virtual amps.) I've been very impressed. If you really turn up the gain, you will start to get a lot of noise, but the noise comes well AFTER you get past the point that any reasonable signal is &#34;clipping&#34;-making the light turn red. So, with the gain at 1/3 or so of the way up, you get good clean signal with little to no noise. The cord connecting to the ipad is really pathetically short. I bought 2 of the same Ziotek extension cable-at the recommendation of Focusrite. One worked, the other didn't. So, yeah, best of luck with that. Focusrite should really have made a longer cable. It gets in the way of the USB power plug a little bit, and makes things awkward. Other than that, I like it a lot. overallrating 4   lineend
name Rick H review I got one of these from another source but have returned it for exchange because of the following issue:  when I record a track either with the review   after doing a few recordings. But, I would say if you've just updated to iOS7 or are thinking about it and you want to get this unit, you might want to hold off on that upgrade.  UPDATE: Got a replacement unit and even did a restore on my iPad, as suggested by a Focusrite support tech, and STILL have the problem I discussed above.  So, this product simply has turned out to be a dud for me. If anyone else has a similar issue with this and find a resolution,  please let me know. overallrating 1   lineend
name Carlos & Gloria Guerra review This music package by Led Zepplin is historical and put together well. Great for any Zep fan. Great audio and video. I especially liked the unreleased version of For Your Life! overallrating 5   lineend
name garmenteros review What else can be said that isn't implied in the title of this review? Not a single second wasted in this performance and this bundle is perfect for those of us who don't want to purchase the items separately. My only issue was how long this took to come out considering the show was 5 years ago. That and the fact they didn't play more songs but who can blame them, their catalog is  almost endless (one of the few bands who matched quantity with quality). overallrating 5   lineend
name Kevin review Get this. It was awesome! Blu-Ray surround with the band was just amazing. Great extras too. They were so much tighter on this concert than back in &#34;How the West was Won&#34; overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael D Burwell review I was a little nervous for some reason when I started watching this (I saw it in the theatre).  I was afraid I might be in for another Live Aid let down or something like that.  I had heard the epic reviews and the internet buzz when the actual event happened...but had no idea if this would be as good as all that.  Never fear, you need to see this film.  The guys prove that the hype was legit.  I was so stoked when they launched in to some of my faves like \"For Your Life\" even if the performances of \"Dazed and Confused\" and \"Stairway\" seemed a little pedestrian.  But hey, it's LZ doing Stairway which is better than 99% of the music on the planet so who cares if it was an obligatory performance?  The show seems to get better as it goes along, and by the time \"Kashmir\" comes on I had tears in my eyes.  No joke.  This show is riveting.  I bought the Blu-Ray so I could continue to experience the awesomeness of this show, which really defies description.  I am not sure if non-LZ fans can appreciate how incredible this show is, or what the band accomplished in doing this.  They took it seriously and rehearsed for 7 weeks for this one event.  Jason Bonham did a good job of honoring his father and staying true to the original material and live nuances developed over multiple tours in the 70's.  If you love LZ you probably already have this set, if you have a passing interest only you will witness a one-night-only reunion that blows away any of the other weak attempts by older bands of this era.  It's pretty awesome. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Graf review I love the performances and sound production quality of Celebration Day! The band's on fire and Jason Bonham did a incredible job. A must buy for the Zep fan I can highly recommend this.To rehearse that long for this one show it's a shame they could not consider another world tour or at least a few more concerts. With Jason doing so well it was possible I could easily imagine NY, SF, Rio, Paris, Rom, Tokyo etc overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  The Flashback x4 is an awesome sounding and flexible Delay pedal. I got this through a third party seller on Amazon for under $200 new... a steal in my opinion. Having three settings is awesome since I will use them all in a set. Having the tap tempo is a must and this one works perfectly. The toneprints are cool to choose from if you find something you enjoy on the website. It's simple to use my Galaxy to &#34;beam&#34; the toneprint into the pedal from the pickups - very cool technology, makes me feel like I'm on a guitar version of star trek. I can't say that I have a favorite delay type since they all sound so great. I am partial to the 2290 with modulation - very clean and very cool sounding without having too much chorus. The space setting is also very cool and has a hint of tremelo in the background, which coincides with the delay time - sounds great with a little overdrive added in.All in all, this is a great pedal and a purchase that I am totally happy with. It is by far the best delay pedal I have ever owned as well as being the most versatile. Five Stars from me!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Ian review First of all its huge... no., like really huge....But finally you get over that, but seriously, its huge.The three presets are what sets this apart, but this could have been so very much better... why?.the midi clock sync implementation is flawed..A. The midi clock sync of delay operation is erratic and largely unreliable, particularly if you wish to change presets during a song or turn them on/off.B. To have a midi in, and not be able to midi sync/quantize the looper.. sigh...like really?.. This means you cant play with a drum machine, sampler, sequencer or play with anyone that does!So, while this offers some functionality above the Flashback in that this unit gives three preset delays (only one of which can be used at a time) and can be used as a basic looper (along with the delay defined by the knobs), The downside is a very large footprint.Therefore:BUY if you have the space and either need the three presets, or have neither a looper OR a delay.CONSIDER PASSING if the looper or midi functionality is seriously driving your decision... both are weak, after the fact, implementations overallrating 3   lineend
name K. Ray review This is far more pedal than I need but what a fun pedal to have.  Just going through the presets was fun, but downloading and trying the stuff they have available online was even funner :)  The bad part about this pedal is that it is HUGE and will take up a lot of space on your board.  You have to be committed to dealy.  You'll have 3 different presets available at one time from the footswitches.  I can't comment on the looper as I never used it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Victor Hugo review You can set up 3 delays configurations, what is a interesting option to use on stage. Tap function also helps a lot. All type of delays are sounds beatiful... overallrating 5   lineend
name William review No manual.  You can print one off the internet but it should come with one given it's price.  I purchase such so I could lay down a rhythem track then go into the solo while attempting to play live.  Don't believe this is what it is mean't for.  A simple delay looper will suffice.  This can do a ton of cool stuff but did not suit my needs. overallrating 2   lineend
name David W review  Don't know why quality instruments don't come with bone nuts but these are a very inexpensive improvement.  The next time you change your strings, check and see if your current nut is plastic.  If so, have a few of these on hand and re[place that nut.  You will hear the difference and they don't wear out like plastic.Just make certain you get the height correct so your action isn't too high.  Rule of thumb, grind just a bit at a time and keep checking for correct height.  You can always remove more material but you can't put it back on...This is a quick, easy improvement.  I have bone on all of my guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Filipe N. Marques review  I liked the string spacing on these nuts. You ~could~ just drop it in and play but you will soon realize it will need some refinement. My open B and E strings, with somewhat aggressive picking, would buzz like a sitar. This was corrected by filing the slots with a back angle towards the tuners. Some additional filing will be needed to remove the sharp edges. The base of this bone nut does NOT have a radius. So if your nut slot is radiused, you will need to have it done or you will have poor sustain and possibly crack the nut in half at string tension. This is more common in vintage guitars, though.My guitar's sustain was definitely improved with this nut. I highly recommend it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Katheryn Bowling review With a little sanding, this fit my Fender American Strat perfectly. Great sound that only a bone nut can produce. My strings stay in tune even better with this installed. Very nice value! overallrating 4   lineend
name Marty German review  I've just replaced the original, plastic nut on my new Squier Strat guitar with this one.I had to file it down slightly to fit the slot and set the string height that I wanted but this was simple to do using a single flat metal nail file.I was shocked at how much 'brighter' the guitar sounded with only this single change!Even my wife who claims to have a tin ear, commented on how much clearer it now sounds.Also, the shipping time warning was a bit over exaggerated. My piece arrived in a week (thank you very much!).For the low price, I think this will improve the sound of your guitar (safely) more than any other upgrade. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tachyon review For the price I can hardly complain, but unfortunately the item was not the correct size for a Fender Strat replacement. Checked it Against my American Standard, MIM Strat and Squier and it would not fit any of them. Should have just used one of my dog's chew bones and cut it myself, would have been more accurate. overallrating 2   lineend
name 'brother' Bill review This will last a very long time due its sturdy construction. Two pieces, easy to set up in seconds. Great buy for the $. (...ONLY MINE WAS A 'HAMILTON') overallrating 5   lineend
name Captn' Bob review Far better than any light weight chrome stand, this has guts!  Easily adjustible, knobs tighten easily and firmly.  Good height adjustment for sitting or standing.  Highly reccomend this stand! overallrating 5   lineend
name James R. Davis review This is a really nice music stand. I wasn't expecting it to be such high quality. I wanted something better than those cheap metal music stands that would get knocked over by a small breeze of wind. Definitely got what I wanted. The orange Gearlux logo looks pretty cool too. Buy it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  .The stand is adjustable enough for sitting or standing musicians, and is stable enough to use outside. The rest/tray mechanism holds a lot of weight without losing any adjustments. In fact, I have attached anAleratec Universal Tablet Mountto hold an iPad with sufficient room left over for a 438 page copy of theThe New Real Book - Volume 1and it holds those rock steady.Another feature that I like is the legs can be configured like a tripod with varying angles, which is useful for outdoors with light breezes that would knock over lighter stands. Or you can set the legs flush for maximum stability if space and the stand's footprint are not problems.Bottom line: this is a professional grade stand at a student stand price. I am thoroughly pleased with it and if ever I need another stand this is the model I will purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name tommy bravo review Super sturdy, well built. What more can I say, it's a sheet stand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Willie V. Hughes review This is a great stand and highly adjustable. Can be used seated or standing for a person over 6 feet tall. There was a review I read with negative comments about the design, claiming that pulling on the panel to lift the stand would cause it to come off. Nonsense. There are clamps for every adjustment and the stand is rock-solid. Because it's lightweight and portable, I could see it getting top heavy if you put a heavy book on the stand and jacked it up to maximum height. But this is a GREAT stand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Yeemeister review solid good stand, it is decent quality and doesn't have any places that will break easily.  can take anywhere you want overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles Forquignon review  I wasn't expecting much from this case; I bought it on a deployment to take a guitar back home with me that I had also order off Amazon that was of better quality then I had expected. This case is sweet! I love the black and crome, it looks great and the inside is well cusioned and really smooth. If you need a case don't even think twice about, this is a great one at a great price. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Oliver review For the money, this is a great guitar case.  I bought it for a Silvertone SD10, which costs about $120.  The guitar fits it fine.  I use it to store my guitar around the house or put it in the back of the car to transport it.  I don't think I would take it on an airline.  They destroy luggage, so I don't think it would fair well.  The compartment inside is large enough for picks, strings, capo and a strap with room to spare.  Mine opens and closes ok and the lock works. It is well worth the $60 I paid for it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Garyb review it is a hardshell case, about what I expected, decent low end hardshell but serviceable. I wouldn't check in with an airline, I can lean on the top and push it in. for a little extra protection over a gig bag YES, don't put an amp on top of it in a van though. overallrating 4   lineend
name Sweed review Looked at a lot of cases most priced $90 or above.  Settled on this one because of price, reviews, and measurements posted here in the reviews that assured my my guitar would fit.  I have an Alvarez AD60 (dreadnaught style body) and it fits in this case nice and snug.  Solid, well padded, sturdy latches, and everything lines up.  Very happy with my purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name timhief review This is exactly what I was looking for the protect my investment.  I tried purchasing a soft case that had the Seagull logo on it and was advertized and fitting my guitar, it didn't.  It was way too short for my Seagull S-12 Coastline.  This is a sturdy case that looks good too. overallrating 5   lineend
name ChevisN7 review Bought these as an extra set just in case I made a mistake when I was trying to cut down my nut and bridge. They are real bone and fit well on my Yamaha. Did not end up using them but will one day. Great product for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris review This is real bone.  The length is perfect for my guitar but the nut is a little high and the bridge saddle is thicker than the slot on my guitar. It is just my luck that I have some sandpaper in my garage so I sanded each bone and was able to install this new parts on my guitar after about 10 minutes of sanding. overallrating 5   lineend
name David W review   on my Yamaha 700 acoustic guitar I have owned and played for 4 months, I finally took the advice of other consumers.  MANY people suggested changing the stock plastic nut and bridge saddle to improve tone.This guitar is an incredible deal and piece the way it was.  I did put a light set of D'addario strings that made a world of difference.I was due for another string change so upgraded with this set of bone nut and saddle.WOW, it really did make a huge difference.  This guitar is such a quality piece, especially for the money.  But, with the string and bone upgrades I can't imagine a sweeter sounding acoustic.  It changed the tone to that of a classical  guitar.  I am so happy with my changes.The high notes are pure and ring nicely and lows are rich and deep.  The sustain is a drastic improvement, each note lasting nicely into the next.  I am so pleased and excited with my guitar.If you own this or any other acoustic with plastic nut and saddle.....change them, it's a very quick fix.  And find a nice set of strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sirius review The saddle, after some minor rounding at the edges, fit perfectly as a replacement for the one that came with my Takamine acoustic. I haven't replaced the nut yet, but even so the improvement in tone and sustain is quite noticeable. These are high quality parts, well worth the relatively small investment.Edit: I have since replaced the nut too, and am pleased to report it is a near perfect fit, though it is a tiny bit shorter across than the old one. But the difference is negligible, and the improvement in tone and action was well worth the small additional expenditure of time and effort. overallrating 5   lineend
name The Picker review for the price of 1 ( one) saddle at GCyou get 2 of these and the nut assembliesi keep them handy for guitar setup changesordered on Monday, arrived on thursday overallrating 5   lineend
name JerryWithaJ review [Now that the SN-13 is about the same price as an SN-8, I've changed the comment about the price differential.]The SN-13 is another great Snark chromatic tuner with a Super Tight display. However, the black SN-8 adds a tap tempo metronome and the ability to set the tuner a few semi-tones below standard for about the same price.  (No matter for me since all I use is the tuner, anyway.)  Still, the SN-13 is  white  and, for all I know, may do a better job at tuning an older iPad.  :-) overallrating 5   lineend
name lfeez review Cheap, Easy, Durable, these things are worth the small price. I have one for each guitar and just leave them on! overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Lovelace review  I love the Snark tuners, and I own several different models.  They all work great and of the various models, I prefer the SN-2 (red).  I got the white one because I just liked that it was a unique, Amazon-only model.  The SN-13 display is like the display on the SN-8, and offers lower resolution than the SN-1/SN-2/SN-5 displays.  Still it works beautifully, and the glossy white looks nice clipped on my Pearl White APX700.  Its also easy to find should you drop it in the dark. overallrating 5   lineend
name MysticJaguar review Well, without a tuner like this someone playing woodwinds might not even realize how a number of notes, usually in the lower octaves, are a little off.  With cheaper made instruments like school instruments you would be surprised.  This tuner helps you not only start in tune but also develop some strategies to deal with those sour notes.  The fact that it works on guitars also just makes it worth the extra few dollars.  Highly recommended.  And it looks great too. overallrating 5   lineend
name Skippy review I'll be honest here - I bought this one primarily because of its looks.  Not a lot of white clip-on tuners around. I also own an SN-8 and in comparing the two, the SN-13 seems to be as tight, but it's only four stars because as another reviewer mentioned you can get the SN-8 (which has more features) for a few dollars less than what you're paying for the SN-13.  Still, it's a typical Snark.  It registers very quickly, it's easy to read, and you don't have to pluck the string very hard at all for it to pick up the vibration. The stem on mine is a little looser than I would prefer but it still stays in position.My only real gripe isn't unique to this model but to all Snarks.  The curved stem combined with the round head means it won't sit very flat in a gig bag pocket and the stems aren't exactly robust, so I'm always concerned that one day I'm going to take it out of my bag and it will be in three pieces.  Other than that, I'd recommend this to anyone looking for an inexpensive and pretty accurate tuner. overallrating 4   lineend
name Tommy B review I have several of these tuners and this one is as great as all the others. Easy and quick. No reason to be out of tune with these tuners. The white is great but no matter what color they are, they are a quality product. Rock on.... overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayne review There are lots of ways to tune a guitar ranging from using a tuning fork to sitting next to a properly tuned piano. I've also used a variety of electronic tuners over the years with everything from rows of flashing lights to meters with a needle. There are some excellent tuners out there with tone generators, metronomes, etc. built in. But this device is simple, portable, easy to use, and just plain works. It's also cheap enough that even if you have other types of tuners, it's worth the money to get one of these for each guitar case. Aside from its simplicity, it's also less bothered by background noise, as other units with microphones might be. overallrating 5   lineend
name Zach Briggs review I set this to free super saver shipping 5-8 days and it got here in three! Its very shiny looking and easy to see because there is a little thing where you can move to point the screen of it. Although my friend told me there is a way you can see the chords you are playing don't know how though. But all I bought it for was the purpose of tuning Mission accomplished. 5 stars for you! overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review If you're going to use this as an insert effect into any amp, the first thing you need to do is turn off the amp model.Although I liked the presets in the MS50G, none of them worked in my rig. The first thing that I did when I brought it home was to make a different single patch for each effect. The big question is &#34;Why?&#34; especially since it's designed to handle up to 6 effects simultaneously. The answer is... I like my overdrive, distortion, and compressor, but I couldn't make up my mind on delays, choruses, flangers, fuzz... and it's always nice to have options for additional over drives and distortions.This is the 4th pedal on my board sitting behind a ModTone Lemon Squeeze Compressor, TC Electronics MOJOMOJO overdrive, and a Wampler Sovereign distortion.I give it 5 stars because it accepts pedals well and it serves so many different needs. Normally, I have it set as just a chorus pedal, but occasionally I use it as an additional overdrive or distortion. It's great to be able to plug in whatever I need and know that the sound quality is going to be great!It takes a moment to level match each patch so the transition is smooth, and at some point I may take the few remaining slots and make them combinations, but as of yet, I really haven't had the need... a great utility pedal and a must if you're just getting started on your pedal board and you're not sure of what pedal you want where. This will help you figure things out... and if you're not careful, it may find a permanent home! overallrating 5   lineend
name Derek James review It does take a little getting used to the programming aspect, but this little pedal is amazing.  I must have 20 different pedals, and I'm always torn which ones ones to bring to practice. With this pedal, it's easy...just grab and go.  Are all the sounds perfect or as good as individual analog pedals?  Probably not.  But they do the job just fine.  The thing I love the most, and this may be a little anal, but I've actually preset individual settings for each song I play with my band.  That way I can shuffle through the presets with one stomp. Some have two pedal effects, some have 6! If this broke or wore out for whatever reason, I would go right out and buy another one for sure.  Best $100 I've spent on gear. overallrating 5   lineend
name John review This is an extremely versatile pedal.  I was considering getting a reverb or delay pedal, but I decided to go with this instead since it's infinitely more flexible.There are tons of effects.  Some I might not use, but there are plenty I will use.  New firmware was just released, and it adds a few extra effects.  You download the firmware and install via the USB port.I use it with a VHT special 6.  I have a Fulltone OCD after the Zoom.  It works nicely with the tube amp whether or not I turn the OCD on.  The effects sound excellent to me.  I'm now a Zoom fan.If you're lusting after a bunch of effects pedals, but only have the cash for one, this is a really good option.  At a minimum, you'll hopefully figure out the 5-10 you won't really use without having to shell out the cash for them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick Langdon review  If you are an electric guitar player, you know how it is ... you think you are finished with your pedal board but in a few weeks you are back at it searching for another effect ... but this means trial and error and a busy wallet ... the solution may be this Zoom MS50G ... this unit is like having 50 stompboxes to use on demand without having to change out your board ... here are some the things I like most about this pedal:1) Small footprint; same size as most single stompboxes of today2) The digital effects are very, very good .... most have an almost analog quality to them3) Ability to create and save your own patches, ordering them for stage use4) Good tuner included; I found it to be very accurate and easy to use (if you already have a tuner, then you can open up another slot!)5) Great price ... considering 50 effects, this thing costs no more than a single stompboxThe unit is pretty easy to use once you get the hang of it; however, I will say it takes some work to get a handle on everything and the manual isn't a great deal of help.  But with just a little work and resolve, you'll be dialing in some new sounds.I have been very pleased with the capabilities and the sounds from the MS50G ... Zoom has a reputation of creating quality effects units at very reasonable prices; they've done it again with this pedal ... I highly recommend it if you have one slot on your pedal board but don't know which pedal should fill it ... one thing to note that was frustrating at first:  most of the OD's and Distortion's are preset with the levels way too high for output to a tube amp ... once you put these pedals in your own patches you can permanently save them with appropriate levels ... just be prepared to cut the levels down right away when trying out OD's and Distortions or you will likely get some very unpleasant feedback ... overallrating 4   lineend
name The Pusher review Im an true analog guy. But when I grabbed this pedal I was blown away. This little thing packs a lot of serious effects for its size. A lot of which do not sound to digital. I was amazed at the tones I could pull out of it. For $99- it is a steal. I would pay twice that for what this pedal does. Easy to navigate and understand. Small enough to fit on any pedalboard. Easily hooks up to the computer to download custom patches. If you're looking for a multi effects stomp box, look no farther than the Zoom MS-50G. Well worth the $99 0. Can easily set it up for live situations. Of course you're not gonna get all the effects at a drop of a dime. But I set mine up for a few effects I use live. Works flawless. When in the studio, this is where the pedal shines. Also it can't be beat for when you're just jamming alone at home. If you're are gigging, of course this isn't going to be your go to pedal, but it does come in handy for some really nice effects. The review before mine, well they should of known this pedal isn't the greatest for live venues. That's why we have pedalboards with all our different effects we can call up with the drop of a foot. I was on the fence about this pedal for a week or so. Went to a local music store, heard and was sold. No one can touch Amazon's price and service. Get off the fence and buy this pedal. I promise you won't be sorry \\m/CONS: No power supply or USB cable. Besides that, the pedal is a bargain and sounds fantastic! overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Botta review I have been using this gig bag for the past few months. If I do the math, I probably didn't use it more than 10 times, basically from home to the subway, from the subway to the studio and back, so maybe 20 minutes walk each time. So I used it for about 3 hrs and 20 minutes, mostly carrying it on my shoulders, sometimes by one of the two handles.Then the side handle started coming apart: the seam ripped on the side and the handle will eventually fall off if used. It will be OK for a while until the shoulder straps start breaking (which I kind of expect at this point!). Meanwhile I'm going to buy another (sturdier) gig bag.Save your money and get something better than this. overallrating 1   lineend
name kbgulfcoast review Honest for cost it's 5 star, but I got 2, and 1 handle was slightly mismolded, rubber groove is a little off... But in no way matters.  Just kinda ok really now I can tell them apart by feel.This is a nice heavy Cordura (like military spec heavy) with self repairing zippers (standard kind) and totally adequate pad, soft nylon lined, and bonus pockets... 3.  Nice build, PVC piping on pocket edges, adequate pad backpack straps for any acoustic weight.  Heavy rubber feet for standing it up, give a 1/2\" of  wet ground protection if needed.For the price of 1 many other brands, I got 2,And for what most folks expect they are great. overallrating 4   lineend
name lee cardwell review This thing is crap right out of the box it had holes in the stitching and all the pockets were sown on crooked. What can you expect for $20 tho. This was a temporary solution I don't recommend this for long term use it will probably fall apart. overallrating 1   lineend
name patriotsarebest review For my first gig bag its ok. I since then bought a new alvarez acoustic electric which i will be buying a hard case simply because the build quality and protection isnt there in a padded case. I have had this padded bag for a year now with light use and edges are starting to tare and rip. Also i am concerned that the zippers might get stuck and break at any moment. I will be replacing this with a hard cases as soon as i buy one for my alvarez. overallrating 3   lineend
name R. W. Milyard review  Just got three of these in today and compared one to a used Fender standard (one strap) bag I also got in at the same time.The Chromacast has thicker padding that is covered with cloth on the inside while the Fender does not go thisextra step. The Chromacast also has many more pockets.The specs on the Fender and Chromacast do not back up reality, as the Fender advertizes 12mm padding, and the Chromacast advertizes 10mm padding. Someone is not telling the truth here, and I think it is Fender.This is a good medium class gig bag, that falls somewhere in between a dust bag (like the Burswood) and a Deluxe 20-22mm padded bag.The only thing the bag is missing, is a hanger on the back which the Fender does have.Chromacast should get rid of the plastic (expensive) hand grip on the front of the bag and just sew on a hanger on the back like everyone else.This bag is good for in house, and light use (no throwing it around) transport.If you are gigging, use a deluxe bag, or a hard case.At $20 0, this bag is a steal! overallrating 5   lineend
name trebe review I had never heard of ChromaCast, but after buying this guitar bag, it's easy to understand why this bag is a top seller at Amazon.  It's relatively inexpensive, fairly well built, and features a number of zippered compartments of varying configurations, to store accessories.  The case is very convenient to carry, as it has a handle on the top, and a second handle on the side.  It also has a set of shoulder straps, for carrying the guitar on your back.  The quality of the nylon is decent enough, and there is a rubber pad on the bottom for protection and traction.  The amount of padding inside the bag is a little light, and the zippers might not be heavy duty, but for general use, this bag is hard to beat for value.Some have reported that the case is too small to accommodate an acoustic guitar, but I was able to insert my 4.8\" high acoustic inside, with some room to spare.  I was so impressed by the quality of this bag, that I also boughtChromaCast's electric guitar bag, for just $17. overallrating 4   lineend
name TWM review I recently won an Epiphone les paul specail and was in the market for a bag. This fits nicely and even offers a bit of protection. While I wouldn't say to drop it off the roof or run over it with your car... It does seem to do a nice job of protecting it from bumps on the road and such. overallrating 5   lineend
name bayou bob review i own two of these...the first did not have a compartment door..so things just roll around inside case..not happy...but this one is just fine.looks great...no i would not take it on tour...but as far as run around and taking lessons..its safe all latches match up well...enjoy will order again overallrating 5   lineend
name Clam Canoe review Manufacturer's website claimed that this case would fit a Les Paul style guitar. I have an ESP Eclipse. Not even close. ChromaCast products are great. They need to fix the info on their web page. I'm not a fan of shaped Les Paul cases. Too bad. overallrating 1   lineend
name EMIL D RUIAN review The quality of it is above my expectations. The only thing I would've like different is the accessory box inside. They could've make it a little bigger. The box already fell down 4 times (I got small kids...) and nothing happened to it or the guitar. Great product, worth every penny. overallrating 5   lineend
name Grizz review  it is more than I hoped for! Very nice protection for my Luna! it is a solid casr that for the price cant be beat! overallrating 5   lineend
name Ken Blevins review Once again received a good product for a good price and fast delivery.have never had any problems with any case bought thru amazon. All latch well and look good. Do not fly my guitars anywhere but do carry them in my truck over the road and no damage even with falls along the way.have five hard cases of various brands and all bought thru amazon wirh no complaints with any of them. All fit and work as expected overallrating 5   lineend
name michaelht1 review this case is perfect for storing a guitar in, I would not recommend using it for traveling anywhere unless in the back of your own vehicle, it will protect your guitar but it is not a heavy duty case, for the price this would be hard to beat by anyone overallrating 4   lineend
name Randy V. Brown review I don't travel often with my guitars, but needed good protection for those times when I do. This product meets all my expectations. My Les Paul and Fat Strat, both fit well in the case. It provides good support and cushioning, with a roomy accessories compartment. The corners of the case are well reinforced. The hardware is mid-grade. I believe it will hold up well for my use, and for someone playing weekend gigs. Overall it is a bargain for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ray review A good solid case. As for size, it's designed for the narrower Fender style body electric guitars. It could have better padding for instrument protection, ( compared to similar product from other makes.) Will do the job of good protection. overallrating 3   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  This electric guitar padded bag is exactly what I wanted.  The price was right, the guitar is secure and wont' get scratched.  The pockets are deep enough to hold whatever you need for a gig.  Very cost-effective.  Great price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Darren review I couldn't be happier with my choice to buy this product over the many others listed on Amazon. This was a newly listed item on Amazon when I bought it, (in fact this review will be the first), so I was a little apprehensive about choosing something that had no user feedback, but I'm glad I decided on this item.I wanted something with several storage compartments, so I could organize all my guitar accessories in the case properly. This bag has six separate compartments for storage - three main zipped compartments, each also with a zipped pocket for smaller items. Perfect! I also needed some new plectrums and this particular case came with a nice quantity bundled, as well as a guitar strap that I don't currently require as I already have one, but it's nice to have a spare now.The padding of the bag is quite thin, but firm, so is more than adequate enough to protect my guitar from bumps during transport and carrying. The two built in \"back-pack\" straps will certainly be useful when traveling with other luggage, and the case also comes with grip sized carry handles both on the front and the side ensuring the guitar can be carried however a user wishes to.If you are in the market for a guitar bag and don't want to spend a fortune, I would definitely recommend you consider this item. It is perfect for my requirements, and may well be for yours too. overallrating 5   lineend
name David G review Strap is pretty crappy but picks are nice to have around.  Fairly good quality bag and the pockets are nice.  Good price. overallrating 4   lineend
name Fred Smith review This does the job but it's fairly thin and not all that well padded.  For twice the price, you can get a really nice Yamaha hard case that is way more than twice as good.  The strap that came with it is no great shakes either. overallrating 3   lineend
name J. Brown review Fits nice and provides good protection. overallrating 4   lineend
name jeff h review Great gig bag for acoustic guitar. Very well made with good padding. It has six nice pockets, a rubber bumper, and two straps. It fits the guitar nicely. I would definately recommend this to anyone with an acoustic guitar that needs a gig bag. The strap and picks were an added bonus. A great value. overallrating 5   lineend
name lee cardwell review It only cost around $20 so my expectations weren't very high to begin with but right out of the box it had a hole in the stitching and the front pocket was sown on crooked. I don't plan on keeping it long. overallrating 3   lineend
name M. Pope review Returned this item because the zipper was already broken when I received it. Not durable! Spend a few more dollars, it is worth it. overallrating 1   lineend
name Popper review A great little package for the price, but unfortunately, the zipper failed the first time I tried zipping it up. I have a standard size acoustic guitar, but be aware, the fit was snug, but not tight. overallrating 1   lineend
name RLL review I'm a beginner, so I'm not very picky on the accessories yet. But this was a great package deal for this price. Shipping was free, it arrived in under 1 week from ordering.Pros:padded caselove the \"backpack\" featurehas many pocketsfits my Takamine Jasmine acoustic perfectpicks vary in size and shapestrap was easy to attachCons:strap is made from nylon and feels cheap (which it is, lol)some poor stitching in one area of the case (shoulder strap) exposing the padding, I restitched fairly easily. overallrating 4   lineend
name Yakov Hadash review not as much padding as I would like. my old bag had more. other than that I like the pockets and overall design. overallrating 3   lineend
name aceofbase review I also have a keeley 4 knob compressor but I'm preferring the Xotic pedal right now. The compression is more agressive than the keeley but I find it easier to dial in a good sound, especially using the blend knob, I like to retain some dynamics to my sound. The high/mid/low switch is great, I like it on mid or high, really makes the harmonics come out. There is more volume on tap as well, and I can see how it could also be used as a useful clean boost.  The Keeley has a more dynamic and transparent sound but I also find it's noisier than the Xotic. The Xotic is a fraction of the price though and better overall value I think. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cali gadget guy review  I have had and tried about every compressor out there.  Lastly the old standard Dyna Comp. Only because its cheap but like the rest it sounds like a compressor and clips your tone.  Blah.  This is a very transparent compressor.  I use it on acoustic guitar solo gigs and electric.  Low setting on the switch and compressor set at about 11:00.  It gives wonderful string balance and sustain. At this setting you do not get any of the squashy clipping compression sounds. And it does not wack the bottom out of your tone.  None of the typical compressor hesitation when you pluck a string.  Just balance and sustain.  As close to a rack mount as it gets. The blend knob solves all of the typical compressor issues.  From here you can get any type of compression you want or need.  Mine has a white case. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Cedeno review  It arrived, I plugged it in, already had a battery in it. Both knobs at 12 o'clock, toggle in middle, didn't change the internal switches. BAM!! Guitar sounds alive! No more weak notes, the thin strings sound big now and match the thicker strings in power. No compressor \"pumping\" very minimal noise (compressors by nature are noisy) It just make the guitar sound better, even and stronger. Compressors can be a beast to control and you do have to go on faith that they work with out squashing or clouding your sound. This pedal has been optimized for guitar, you can tell it is high quality. If you play crystal clear you HAVE to have this pedal. Driven, full distortion it adds sustain. Im Sold. Now I may just have to get the SL drive also by xotic. look it up on youtube. overallrating 5   lineend
name Orcatrino review I had my doubts about the effectiveness of the blend knob but it is very effective indeed!  This compressor gives just the right amount of softness to the attack.  It never sounds &#34;thumpy&#34; or unnatural - but always musical.  I really think that this is what a guitar compressor is supposed to sound like. overallrating 5   lineend
name P. Hamm review  Okay, so... it's small, easy to dial in a good sound, very inexpensive, made here in the US, and has a wonderful transparency to it.Add to that the different ways to configure it (by using the internal dip switches), and you have a compressor as flexible as any I've used for guitar at half or less of many cost (which sound, imho, no better).It stacks well with the EP booster and another comp/boost in the chain, too.Whether you want to drive your amp a little harder or just squash your signal, this product is impossible to beat.I totally adore it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andy Baird review  It's sturdy, and holds even a heavy mic in any desired position. I'm using it with a Samson Meteor USB mic (which required some adaptation due to the Meteor's short body), which is a heavy cast-metal mic. No stability problems whatsoever. overallrating 5   lineend
name F. Wise review  This boom has cleaned up my desk quite a bit and is great value for the price/performance ratio. I have an AT 4033 in it and it holds it in place with no problems. Wish I would have known about it sooner. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gutjammer review I had been using a full boom mic stand at my studio desk, and since it was off to the side, made it tuff to watch the level meters. This clamp-on boom serves the purpose, but has a hard time holding the weight of my Shure KSM 32 condenser mic. I tuck the goose neck of the pop filter under it, to keep it from sagging. Very affordable, and I found a work around for the weight issue. I wouldn't recommend this if you're doing a lot of recording, but it is sufficient for my home studio. overallrating 3   lineend
name Parker Hicks review This arm hold the weight of a ATR2100 microphone fine. It stays where you put it and it works as you would expect. The packaging was damaged and it was shipped just in a plastic shipping bag but it works. The shock mount is the same as one of the low end on stage shock mounts. I did have to slightly bend out the lower bit of the frame to allow it to freely move towards and away from me. However it works great. Not too big and gets the job done.Tip, just take something you can wrap a smaller mic in to get it to fit. My ATR2100 is a 2 inch diameter mic and this shockmount is probably meant for around 3 inches. I just wrapped it with bicycle handlebar padding and it works great. overallrating 4   lineend
name Paul Kacprzak review straight out of the box this product reeked cheap. No directions inside or on the box. I messed with it for about 5 minutes. I would not trust it with a heavy or expensive mic. I read the description but it did not say cheap. Live and learn. overallrating 1   lineend
name S. Marchuk review There's no way to attach the shock mount to it (screws for securing it aren't provided, the holes dont match up, etc...Oh well, I went with a standard microphone tripod behind my computer desk instead.I'll come up with a use for this arm later otherwise I'd have returned it.Will NOT hold a Blue Yeti / Yeti Pro microphone. Just an FYI overallrating 3   lineend
name Audio Maven review These are nickel round wound strings which are on the bright side of the spectrum. Designed to fit the general use guitarist they do the job. You do get a bit of finger noise moving along the string which is normal for this type of wind. Being 10's they are in the middle between the lighter strings which are easier to bend and the heavier strings which are where the tone is. I love the color coding on these which makes it easier to get the right string in the right hole unless of course you are color blind and there is no help for that. They are made in the USA which is bonus points and reason enough to buy them right there, put America to work. Get to picking. overallrating 5   lineend
name bertrarious review  I already use the EXL111 as my go-to electric string and tried these as part of the Vine program.  I have to say I really couldn't feel the difference.  From what I can see the only real difference in this balanced set is that the D string gauge is .25, whereas the same string in the EXL111 set is .24.  Since the string construction and plating is the same, I have to assume these will have the same longevity. I guess as long as both are still available (EXL111 being phased out?) i will be selecting solely on price.  Either way you can't go wrong as D'Addario makes a fine product at a reasonable price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bryan Barrow review At first, I wasn't sure what to expect from these D'Addario \"Balanced Tension\" strings. D'Addario makes some pretty strong claims for these strings, including \"greater dynamic control and a more consistent feel between strings for evenly balanced bending, strumming, fretting, picking, plucking and slapping\".I can't really speak to those claims; all I can tell you is these are darn good strings, sound great, feel great. I recommend them highly. overallrating 5   lineend
name caffeinebrain review I'm certainly not the musician in the family and honestly know nothing about guitar strings.  I got these for my husband, the aficionado guitar player in the family!  He said these are excellent quality strings and was very happy with the product.  So they come highly recommended from someone who has uttered a swear word or two over inferior strings in the past!  Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Daniel G. Lebryk review The D'Addario Balanced Tension strings are a good value, and worth slightly higher price. These are excellent strings, the type that a gigging musician would likely use on their guitar. They are inexpensive and sound great. For somebody that is a casual home musician, coated strings might be a better choice. The difference, somebody that plays a two or three hours every day, will wear out a set of strings long before corrosion sets in. Somebody that plays an hour or two twice a week will likely never wear out their strings and corrosion becomes the bigger problem.The big question for me, is the Balanced Tension worth a little extra money? It seems like yes they are. The strings are slightly easier to bend and feel just a little bit better. There isn't a huge difference. The direct comparison string is D'Addario EXL110, (D'Addario EXL110 Nickel Wound Electric Guitar Strings, Regular Light, 10-46), at roughly $3.50 a set, these are good solid strings at a bargain price. The EXL110BT strings are about $5 0 a set. If I were going through a set of strings every few days, the EXL110's would probably be a better idea. But if a set is going to last a week or two, the savings overall is pretty small, I would use the EXL110BT's.My personal preference is coated strings, I like Elixir strings a lot. The new D'Addario coated strings are fine, but they end up being about the same price as Elixir. I'll stick with what I know well.My 1981 Lucille did love these strings. They worked out just fine.On the packaging, I don't like what D'Addario has done. All the strings are in a single plastic package, I prefer individual paper envelopes. They loop two strings together and I hate that. When I'm stringing my guitar I like to work with one string at a time, and this silly double loop makes me leave one string opened up on the bench. Sometimes the strings get crossed over when unlooping them and it makes me mess with the strings for a while. They are trying to save packaging, and that is a good thing. But seriously, that little paper wouldn't kill anybody. I also don't care for the color coded rings on the strings. Lucille has an open bridge where I can see those electric colors. It is a small thing, but I don't like it. I prefer that the rings all be brass, one color. Yeah, I'm the only one that sees that problem. If I work one string at a time from an individual envelope, the color coding is not necessary.These are fine strings. They are a great price and provide a little bit easier bend. overallrating 5   lineend
name Flaherty review I am impressed with d'addario's electric strings. Easy to adjust to, very light on my fingers and they're built to last. With a few adjustments to my amp settings, these strings are very dynamic in their tone quality from classic to hard rock styles. Any guitarist who plays electric can enjoy these strings, and they last a long time too. overallrating 5   lineend
name frankp93 review  Compared to the nickel wound XL light gauges I buy in the 3-set boxes, the \"balanced tension\" XL set amounts to slightly lighter D and A strings ( 25/ 26 and  34/ 36 respectively, which I can feel, as well as a slightly thicker B string  135/ 13 which, frankly, I can't feel).The XLs are comparable in gauge to Ernie Ball Regular Slinky (yellow). But if you're used to Slinky's, as I was for many years, the nickel wounds feel noticeably coarser to the skin and took awhile to get used to. I love them now for blues, rock or funk, any kind of playing where you want to dig in a bit for tone - although I will say that for slide (especially when recording at relatively low volume) they don't give quite the same glassy-sounding undertone to my ears as steel wounds, something I happen to prefer.I put the XLs on an Squire Strat, which I like to bend strings on and the 5-position switch gives me a nice range of color to compare. Like the regular XLs, I noticed very little \"new string zing\" after giving them a good stretch. When my skin is dry indoors during the winter the nickels can feel rough at first but in warmer humid temps I sweat more and they get as slick as any steel wounds.I think the balanced tension is more a factor when playing chords than single lines and, for me, it's more of feel thing rather than something I hear (That doesn't make it any less significant to me - I've tossed brand new sets of strings and sold perfectly good guitars on the vague basis they didn't quite feel right).To tell the truth, when playing out I prefer an even heavier set than regular lights for tone, but at home when recording or just playing for myself I like the amount of resistance I get from the nickel wound XLs versus the Slinky's I used since I began playing as a kid. You have to work a little harder with the nickels for bends and intonation but I like the tone and feel overall and I think it's made me a more precise player. overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  I've used D'Addario strings for a long time (been playing 20+yrs) and have always been satisfied with their tone. The balanced tension brings a new element to the game of guitar in that these are suppossed to be mathmatically matched to have the perfect degree of tension. Do I fully understand how this works... nope, but they sure do sound good. Their feel is a little more \"snappy\" than regular XL's in my opinion and they have nice clarity as well. Their sound is bright, just like their XL cousins. I think it's more of a \"feel\" thing than a sound thing with these balanced tensioned strings. Now if they could just disect the dna of my guitars and match the tension of the strings with my instruments...All in all a great product that I recommend to any electric guitarist. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Swanson review I've been using Slinky regular nickels for over 20 years on my electrics, and love them. I've tried various coated strings etc but always come back to Ernie for sound and value. But on my acoustics, it's been D'Addario J-16s since day one, and still is. Never had one bad set, out of over a hundred. I adore the sound and the reliability.So why have I never tried their e-git strings? Because the Slinkys are perfect. But I must say: so are these. I just put a set of 10's on one of my Strats, and they are as snappy yet not-too-bright as I could want. They really complement the single coil tones, especially the 2 and 4 out-of-phase positions, so if you're a Strat fan and love that tone, give these a shot.One thing that was odd but not a problem was how long these are. A few inches longer than most electric strings, in fact. No idea why, but if you have huge posts and like mega-wraps, here's your puppy. I only do a triple wrap max, so it's just more to cut, but hardly an issue.And no matter what the coated string fans say, those might stay clean longer,  but that brand-new-string ZING only lasts a few hours on any string, coated or not. So if you're recording and need maximum harmonics and overtones, or playing big gigs where tone is everything, I say stick with uncoated strings, and aside from Slinkys, these are the best I've played. overallrating 5   lineend
name LA review I still had the original strings on an Epiphone LP-100 guitar I bought last November. I know that's bad, but buying strings can be complicated (and overwhelming). It was nice to get these through Vine and try them out.There is a definite difference in the sound of the guitar now that the new strings are on. It sounds cleaner and brighter.I wish I'd changed the strings when I first started learning to play because these are much easier to play. Now it's not much of an issue, but it would have made a difference when I was breaking in my fingers those many months ago.I would definitely buy these again, especially because they are so inexpensive. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael J. Edelman review I've been playing D'Addario XLs in their standard   10,  11 and  13 gauge sets for many years now, so I was curious to see how these new \"balanced\" sets would feel. I expected a more even feel across the fingerboard, but experienced something quite different- right off, the B string felt a lot stiffer.  Looking at the tension table D'Addario publishes it's clear why this is the case. In the traditional  1s, the B string has about 30% lower tension that the E and G. In these new sets, the B is at the same tension, which is to say it's under 40% more tension than the B in the traditional set. That's a significant increase.  If you're used to the lower tension, the \"balanced\" tension feels a lot stiffer at first.The higher tension string requires a different amount of compensation at the bridge, too, which means changing the setup- not easily done on a Telecaster, where changing the length of the B changes the length of the E as well. Being higher in tension, the new B should require more compensation, since it'll shift pitch even more when you depress/stretch it. Since my Tele is currently set up as close as I could get the E and B to perfect comnpensation, I didn't feel like playing with it.After playing a while, the set started to feel more natural to me. I don't think I'll be changing gauges on the Tele right away, as I have about a dozen  10s in stock as well as over a dozen  13s fro my archtop. But I may experiment a bit with the new gauges for my Epiphone Dot Custom, which I string with  11s. I'm wondering if the balanced sets will give me a more even string-to-string feel, and if so, it would be worth my effort to change over. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael L. Knapp review I'm always looking for the perfect electric guitar strings, as is evidenced by my drawer full of spare string sets that I felt failed me for one reason or another. A set of these came my way & as I had just gotten a 1966 Fender Jaguar I did what I always do when I get a new guitar - I restring it even though the strings were practically new. I could immediatly tell the difference in both feel & sound. The sound was crisper than the super slinkys that were on it & they felt good to my fingers. The only reason I took them off was because the Jag was for surf music & I wanted heavier gauge so I put these on my Tele, which was a match made in heaven. They sounded great but most telling is that after a month or so of heavy usage they still sound great. Reasonable price, great sound & long lasting. To me thats a perfect combo. Highly recommended!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name M. Luke review I put these on a Parker.  Great that they have uniform tension.  Took a bit to get used to, but they are very playable.  vlues, rock, country.  Nice strings. overallrating 4   lineend
name Modern Blue Argonaut review  I generally use D'addario with my acoustic guitar only, but I decided to try it out on the electric and I am very satisfied. It has the same light feel as their acoustic product, but it can make all the sweet tones I want it to when hooked up to an amp. I'm not sure on how long it lasts because I only put them on the guitar a few days ago, but they seem just as perfect as they were when I put them on. I would recommend you try these strings on your guitar because they work for me. overallrating 5   lineend
name Otto Correct review Strung these up on my LP Goldtop with P-90's.D'Addario promises these strings to be \"comprised of mathematically optimized string gauge combinations\" that result in \"greater dynamic control and a more consistent feel between strings.\"I dunno anything regarding the science behind this, but the main difference in gauge seems to be slightly thicker A and D strings compared to the regular set of D'Addario 10s they offer.  Its not a huge huge difference, but the strings are fairly unique in their feel and performance.For one thing, they're pretty stiff.  They bend, but not easily.  Maybe that's what they mean by \"Balanced tension.\"  They're also a tad mellow for roundwound nickel coated 10s.  Not flatwound mellow, by any means, but not quite as bright as your regular set of 10s.  I do get a great rock tone out of them, mind you, but you may be taken aback at first by their slightly darker sound.  Personally, I like the tone I get out of them, they're big and warm without being dull sounding, but again, your preferences might differ.One thing that's GREAT about these strings is, once they're properly stretched, they stay in tune FOREVER!  Again, maybe this is part of the \"balanced tension,\" and if so, good job D'Addario.I haven't had them on forever to really see how long they last, but they've been on for two weeks and sound just as good as day one.Who would these appeal to?  Well, if you like really light strings that bend easily, you're not going to like these.  If you're a rythm player who does long gigs, the tuning stability and big warm sound mean these are for you! overallrating 4   lineend
name Psychic Cypher review D'Addario strings are like the Kias of the string world. They make cheap products that cost a lot less but last a lot less time. These strings are OK...I've always been partial to Nickel wound (particularly semi-flatwound, but I digress). My typical strings are Elixirs, so I'm used to them lasting a long time. In this case, the strings sound good...like most nickel strings do. But they didn't last long at all before they started sounding dull and lifeless, and stopped keeping intonation accurately. So, like most D'Addario strings. So...they're not bad, but don't expect them to last like Elixirs do. You get what you pay for. overallrating 3   lineend
name Rachel Himes review I have tried so many brands of guitar strings in the past 20 years. I just keep coming back to these. The sound isn't quite as bright as the phosphorus bronze, but it is more of a acoustic guitar sound, anyway. These are clear, high quality and come sealed in tight plastic so the strings aren't exposed to air until you open them. Because of that little \"difference\" they do stay clean much longer than the brands simply wrapped in paper. I just can't think of a single complaint. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wilhelmina Zeitgeist review  The D'Addario EXL110BT Nickel Wound Electric Guitar Strings, Balanced Tension Regular Light are great! I've been a long time fan of D'Addario strings and these strings did not disappoint.They were very easy to string my Fender Strat with and stayed in tune a good long time. The strings had a good feel to them as well.Where I noticed the Balanced Tension the most was when I played chords. You know how you have tuned your guitar and it's tuned as well as it's going to be tuned but, when you strum that first chord something just doesn't sound right? You check the tuning and it's tuned alright but why isn't it sounding right?These strings gave a clear, clean sound when I strummed those chords. Bar Chords were terrific too. Impressive.I think I have some new favorite strings for my Strat! overallrating 5   lineend
name Aaron review  This is the most awesome loop pedal ever!!! does the trick perfect, you can remove and add in elements to your loop! super small, only potential drawback is that it cannot be battery powered. overallrating 5   lineend
name ac0214 review This looper distinguishes itself by really only doing one thing but doing it really really well at a very affordable price.  To record you simply press the button and the led will turn red, continue playing.  When done simply tap again and the LED goes to green and plays back.  At any time in the looping process if you want to overdub simply tap the button and record and tap to finish.  No need to line it up with the loop, it places your overdub exactly where you played it in the loop.  If you don't like the take a simple press and hold will erase the overdub. Want to stop and clear (two presses and press and hold) and your back to a clean slate.  I don't know the limit of overdubs but I haven't reached it.  The amount of time for the looping I believe is 5 min so you can record an entire song and overdub to your hearts content.  The tone preservation is excellent and haven't noticed any issues there.  You can get a nice variety if you put this at the end of your effects change so that you can record a rhythm that is dirty and crunchy and overdub and record, then turn off your distortion and overdub a very nice clean lead over it.  If I have something I like, I then output it to Sonar to play with some more.Pros- Small, very easy to use (1 level knob and a stomp button), designed by guitarists and it shows, true bypass and plenty of room for recording.Cons- You may consider lack of battery a con, I don't, everything goes on the effects rack and is powered through AC.  No drum track or click track but then again, the aim for this device was to keep is simple, I believe.UPDATE: I was having an issue with the looper one night being able to record but not hear myself.  I contacted support and their response was quick but they basically said it sounds like it is broken, replace at the store which I did.  It worked great then one night again, I couldn't hear myself recording.  I played for about an hour with different configurations, it seems not all 9V AC adapters are equal.  Out of the 4 I have it only liked 2.  When I used that adapter it seemed to work just fine.  So beware if you are having an issue you might want to look at the 9V AC Adapter. overallrating 5   lineend
name aceofbase review Small footprint, simple to use, one button, one knob and does not suck tone out of my guitar. It's only got a basic feature set but that's all I need. Reasonable price too. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review This compact looper sits as the last effect in my effect loop. It doesn't take a lot of space on my pedal board and it's simple to use. I've used the Boss RC-20 and the Digitech Stereo Jam Man. Although the others have more features, I like this little pedal.It took a little time to get use to the one button operation, but I find this to be very reliable. I've owned mine since the day they came out and I have had no issues. overallrating 5   lineend
name b carney review I can become VERY creative with this pedal and do a good many things in a great many settings.I have other musicians online who jam with me and I can really do more than a handful of things in showing them where I am going with a song.So many things I have developed.Great tool and good quality product. overallrating 5   lineend
name B:D review Pros: works really well and is easy to use. The sound quality is excellent and bypass works fine, too. It is amazing how you can add layers upon layers without any loss of quality.Cons: it takes a bit to get accustomed to the timing, not lest because the switch is somewhat sticky and requires some extra effort, which has an impact on the timing. Also, the LED is placed too close to the switch, so you tend to cover it up with your foot. They should have put it higher up right next to the dial.Overall impression: The positive aspects completely outweigh the minor negatives. It's a great and inexpensive looper. overallrating 5   lineend
name ben review I bought this hoping it would be a no-frills looper and that's what I got.  It sounds great and the level adjustment works really well.  I can layer even as many as 10 or 12 layers and hear every one without problem.  I give this five stars, but I have two minor quibbles that in my mind don't take away from the rating but might be important to some:1) there is no included power supply.  If it doesn't take batteries, that's fine, but give me an adapter.  This thing was over a hundred dollars. Don't force me to buy an accessory just to power it up.2) Personally I wish there was an option to remove layers in the order they were added (not just removing the last layer, or all the layers).  I'd like to be able to build up a song with layer on top of layer- moving to a crescendo - and then back off the layers one at a time, eventually returning to a single layer.  I played a solo at church with this thing and the congregation loved it.  I started with one part, and then added layer after layer until I had a really big intricate sound.  It would have been nice to be able to then take it back down to a single part and then quietly end the song.This is a wonderful little looper.  You won't be disappointed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bret Hart review WOW! If you want 5 minutes of no-nonsense, clean looping and overdubbing,...the tc electronics DITTO pedal will not disappoint! I have been exploring the fringes and outer limits of guitar FX for over 30 years and this one has, in just two days, become one of my Top Five 'Gotta Have' effects. It is so simple that a five year old could make great loops, and it add ZERO addition sound to your signal. Placed at the end of your pedalboard, which is easy to do because of the DITTO's tiny footprint, the possibilities for live stunts and grooves is mind-blowing. And you can't beat the price. I've uploaded a 5m workout that I recorded on my 2nd day using the DITTO if you'd like to hear it - a solo improvisation for Telecaster and reverb. [...] overallrating 5   lineend
name Bryan Croad review Wow, for the size, this is amazing.  Plenty of time and does everything you want from a looper.  Nothing else to say it's great, if you're in the market for one, get it. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. L. Wheeler review  For performing I'd go with something a little higher quality replay and more features but for rehearsing lead lines and solos over your own rhythm playing this is a great little unit at a good price. Would definitely purchase it again. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Craton review TC just does things right.  I love how easy this is to use, the incredible clarity of sound, and 5 minutes of recording time.  I do a single, duo, and full band.  It goes with me to all gigs and I do use it for when I am practicing.  Highly recommended solution. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hambone73 review I've had a Jam Man for some time, which as a tech person, I've found incredibly difficult to figure out. Perhaps I didn't take the time...ANYWAYS... this pedal on the other hand is a 100% leap forward in the opposite direction. I didn't need instructions, just punched in, layed down a riff, and jammed for about 2 hours straight. I did this for two days in a row. It's simple, built well, and and fun to use. Can't recommend it enough. It will improve your playing, and should be a required tool for guitar players. overallrating 5   lineend
name jimmy three review what a great little gizmo....I had a Boss RC-3 Looper,,,,,it involved too much bending over for me,,.and too hard to figure out...,the Ditto is so easy.,,,I take my trusty Fender Esquire...a cord...plug the chord in to a Caitlinbread Echorec pedal....take a short cable from the output of the Echo pedal to the input of the DIitto pedal.....then connect output of the Ditto to the amp....set Echo for multiple head repeats..i like the setting between 7 and 8 on the program select knob,,,,then turn OFF the echo pedal.....get ready to play....play the slow 4 chords to Maggot Brain....Eminor..D...Bminor...C.....count each chord as 123  456..as you come to start back on the Eminor,,,,,press the Ditto button one time with your foot,,,it will record you...,.play in tempo...!.,....its slow,,,,when you come back to the Eminor , you want to press the Ditto switch one time  to stop recording right before the 1 count,,,its tricky.,to make it play back smooth without loosing part of a beat,,...,.but easy with practice...anyway,....as soon as you press the Ditto switch to end the recording,,,,it will automatically start playing it back.,,then,....you turn on the Echo pedal....and proceed to jam on Maggot Brain.,,.,,till you achieve groovy-ness...,you don't want to record the rhythm part on to the  Ditto  with the Echo engaged,,,,that would make too much echo,,,,with both  the playback and the part you play on top of it, both echo drenched,,,,no good,,,,,that would be way too echo crazy..,it sounds much better and more effective  with a dry loop track and a super wet echo second guitar part,,,have fun... overallrating 5   lineend
name Ken Yo review Definitely the best looper I've come across. Lots of looping time; simple to use; unlimited overdubs.Really can't go wrong with the Ditto! overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Ray review Perfect looper that is small enough to fit on anyone's pedal board.  Many complain about not being able to use it during a live performance because of the single foot switch and they are right.  Having to do everything with a single footswitch is a bit distracting.  The ditto is great for practice, though. overallrating 4   lineend
name Kyle T. Locke review This looper is serious worth every cent I spent on it. Very simple, easy to use, and takes up less space on my pedal board than my Altoids tin. The sound quality is perfect, I can record a loop and play it back through this thing and it still sounds like I am playing instead of a recorded loop (assuming I end the loop correctly). I run this in my effects loop of my ac-30's after the preamp and all the distortion I run beforehand (big muff, od, boost) all get captured clearly coming out of this pedal. The range of the loop level is perfect, just over noon and you match the input signal and over that allows you to boost your loop for a little more dynamics.I chose those over the digitech jamman express xt and I have to say it was worth the extra money, even though the sales person was a little disappointed.If you want a simple loop this is the one, it takes a little learning but once you figure it out you will love it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Levi Cannon review I've owned Loop Stations, DM-4s, Jam Mans, Samplers and all that jazz. They're all full of crap you dont need. This pedal has flawless, colorless sound quality. It records what you sound like. You click it on, record your riff, click it and listen to it loop. Tap twice to stop or tap twice and hold to start over. You can record up to five minutes with unlimited layers. Smallest, Cheapest, easiest to use and most straight forward loop pedal you will find. If you need all the drum loops and the ability to save loops for later use, then dont get this one, but if you just want a good way to jam with yourself or a live loop similar to the DM-4 but with more time on the loop then yes get this. overallrating 5   lineend
name MQ review Amazon and TC Electronics will not tell you that you need a 9V Power Supply. I didn't see any warning or advise in the Point of Purchase, nor in the package. This is an unfair practice from Amazon and TC Electronics. overallrating 1   lineend
name Paul McDermitt review   ever...My first \"less-than-5-star-review\" ever...same as others, switch failed less than ten days of owning it. used less than ten times total, light use at home, I wasn't even wearing shoes! By the way, a gigging/recording musician for over 25 years so i am not a youngster that misuses my stuff. Bummer too GREAT idea....poorly executed.I will not buy anther one. I will not recommend to other musicians. overallrating 1   lineend
name Pone Tony review I always wanted a Boomerang III looper, which at almost $500 was not really a justifiable expense for me.  Then, I found this for about $100, and I immediately sprung for it.  This is a great practice tool.  All it does is make loops.  The learning curve is very low, and there's no limit to the number of loops you can layer other than the total 5-minute recording time.  There are no quirky timing issues to be found here; your own ability to keep time and rhythm will always dictate how good you are at making loops.  This does take some getting used to, but it makes you a much better musician in the process; your drummer and bassist will thank you.This could possibly even be used as a live performance tool, although you'd have to be very, very proficient with this tool and be playing very, very tightly in the pocket.  I personally am not a good enough musician to ever want to risk doing something like this, lest something go wrong on stage (and lest I subsequently find myself impaled on a drumstick).Students would be especially encouraged to get one of these.  My playing has definitely grown and improved since I finally broke down and bought a looper. overallrating 5   lineend
name The User review This is very simple to use and it records for 5 minutes....so that is awesome! The playback sound is very good quality. overallrating 5   lineend
name T. Winkler review  I had previously owned it Digitech jam man, I also try the boss.After seeing demos of this item on YouTube I decided  I'll give it a try, I can always return it if I didn't like it.The unit is extremely small but don't let that fool you. This unit is a high-quality all metal construction it has simple easy operation and it works flawlessly. You get up to five minutes to record a loop for loops and you can get an infinite number of overdubs. Let's be serious how many people really Loop for over five minutes?The unit is transparent when turned off I would highly recommend this Looper it's well worth the money. overallrating 5   lineend
name Vic review I'm a raw and green beginner who is about the slowest learner ever.am 43 almost 44 and have been learning since 42 almost 43. That being said using the looper was an eye opener. I bought it as a learning aide , to loop a progression and then try and run some pentatonics over the progression. The thing that opened my eyes is listening to the looped progression I played. There's no denying your mistakes when you hear them while not playing. Let's just say I'm not as close to being a player as I thought and I would &#34;not&#34; figured this out for quite some time if not for the looper. So it is an amazing critic for us beginners . And if your like me ( and you experienced guitarist ) you saw all the demos online and know what you as an experienced player can use it for. It's an incredibly easy to use piece of equipment , after playing around with it for about 5or 10 mins you'll have the gist of it. From what I understand it's very basic compared to other loopers , i dont know anything about that but if your looking for just a simple to use looper this will definitely be to your satisfaction. overallrating 5   lineend
name Zerochief review This little simple looper sure is a ton of fun. Beware that there is a learning curve to looping. With trial and error you can get your groove going seamlessly after a while. I'm a little disappointed with the sound quality of the loop playback, could be better. I use this mainly with a double neck bass/guitar. Compliments well. overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  Tascam is an industry leader in pro audio and have been for many years. Their quality is unmatched dollar for dollar and these are no exception. Excellent sound quality, premium fit and comfort for wearing all day as we do at the station. You can't go wrong with these, we're ordering 8 more pairs! overallrating 5   lineend
name E. D. Garcia review  I've tried these out in head-to-head (excuse the pun) runs versus Steelseries, Plantronics, Panasonic, and Sony headphones that all cost more... and the Tascam TH02 keeps up!I'm really surprised at how well they perform.  Lows are good, mids are clean, and highs are crisp.  Yes, the lows could be a bit beefier, but out of the headphones I compared it to, only the Plantronics excelled in that area.For fit: I have a large noggin; like, size 7 5/8 hat.  And these headphones fit well!  Not too tight, snug, but not confining. The padding is good and soft.Seriously, I'd rather buy three of these and burn through them if they break (which they haven't, and I've taken them everywhere) than spend $100 on another set. overallrating 5   lineend
name Indie Film Lover review These headphones get the job done. I like the build and design. Very loud and great to use studio style headphones for my filmmaking needs. overallrating 5   lineend
name NoName review These headphones are 100% amazing. I could not believe the sound quality. I have been an audio engineer for over 30 years and let me tell you these headphones will match those worth $200-$300...nice wide spectrum and frequency response, you will love them, well worth the price. (no I do not work for Tascam)... the first pair I bought the cord got stuck and was yanked and broke very easily....so I ordered another pair, because the sound is amazing, I just need to be more careful next time!!...but this headphone has a very delicate cord connection and construction...I have yanked my Senhieser's millions of times and the cord never broke, so be careful with the cord on this headphone...it is not the best, but the sound is superior. overallrating 5   lineend
name snocyclist review I only just received these, but thought I'd give my first impression. I purchased headphones because I figured it was a more pleasant way to listen to music at work than in-ear type. I chose this model because they were on sale, seemed to be a diamond in the rough, and reviews indicated it would be good for large heads(I wear an XL hat size).The build is average. They don't feel flimsy in my hands, but you can see the plastic parts are nothing special, strength-wise. The padding for the headband is a little uneven on the seam, as you open up the headband to put the unit on your head, it sort of looks warped. The 3 meter cable is attached to the base of the left headphone. The headphones can both swivel 90 degrees forward, maybe 35 degrees back, and 90 degrees downward. The swivel joint above the ear pieces allow them to fold upward into the headband.I listened to about 45 minutes of music straight to start, and was pretty pleased. I'm not especially particular, but do like good sound. There's some good bass, classical music was clear. The headphones did make me realize I had low quality recordings for a few of my songs that I tried out(listening to the HD equivalent on YouTube cleared up problems I heard). I wasn't totally blown away, either. I do hear a little noise when they're plugged into my computer and nothing is playing, though not so for my iPod(so I'm not sure if this can be blamed on the headphones).They are comfortable, but not as comfortable as I'd like. I do feel some pushing against my ears, the round ear pads aren't big enough to fit my whole ear. They do get warmer than I'd like. I definitely feel relieved to have them off. I think they are noticeably uncomfortable after about an hour. I was a little hesitant to get over-ear headphones in fear of this, and unfortunately it did turn out to be a problem.Who knows, maybe they'll wear in and improve. I'll update this review if I have more to report. For now, I'd say they're worth the cost, even if they aren't a shining diamond in the rough. If I could give about 3.5 stars I would; but for now, I'll give 3. They are accurately priced, and overall a typical quality product. Some exceptional pros are balanced by some cons.Update 7/19:I've been stretching out the headphones on a box for a couple days, it's helped a bit. What's funny is that the adjustable portion can get huge! It's comfortable on my head at about the 3rd of the 10 size notches...but the pushing against your head is the tight part. If you adjust them larger, they just fall below your ears, rather than loosen up.Also, I compared them to the Sennheiser HD201. The TASCAMs have better sound, but the Sennheiser is more comfortable(they're lighter and the ear cups are oval shaped and fit better).Update 7/23:I think the box stretching has been helping, I'm able to wear them for about 2 hours now before I notice them getting uncomfortable. Still a relatively short amount of time.Update 8/9/2013:The headphones have been living on a box just wider than my head anytime they aren't in use. The comfort is marginally improving, I'm guessing due to the stretching out, my head/ears getting used to the pressure, and me learning ways to sort of adjust them periodically to shift the pressure. However, I think my rating will remain at 3 stars. The sound is good enough to give it a couple stars, and the price low enough for one more. However, a month should be long enough for the phones to break-in to a standard usable degree, and that hasn't happened to my satisfaction.CONCLUSION: I would suggest you find a different pair if you have an exceptionally big head(mine is about 24\"/61cm circumference, or US hat size 7 and 5/8). The clamping definitely leads to discomfort, the round ear pads don't quite do the trick, and it makes your head pretty warm. It's not unbearable, but if you can find an alternative it's probably best. That being said, note that I have only reduced stars for the fit!! I can't speak for someone with a bit smaller of a head(and ears?)...if these fit comfortably, which I imagine they would for many people, they are a 5 star product! Great sounding, sturdy enough build, etc.Update 11/14/13:A friend of mine picked up a pair of Audio-Technica M50s around the same time I bought this pair, and I was able to try them out and compare for a good half hour today. I'm not very experienced with sound quality, but I felt that the M50s were definitely the winner. The most obvious difference was the added volume, but generally the sound was more pleasing to my ears. The bass seemed more supported, higher notes felt smoother and less static-like, etc. Besides the volume, these differences weren't huge. I had to compare somewhat carefully to notice them. The point of this update is just to say that you aren't getting $150 headphones for $30 with the TASCAMs. You are getting very good headphones, the sound of which should more than satisfy most people. I think you're pursuing diminishing returns in sound quality alone to pay much more than this for headphones(in this case, you'd pay 5X more for the M50s...but I don't think you're getting 5X the sound quality). The M50s are significantly more comfortable(though they do make your ears warmer), and the build feels better(stronger, smoother adjustments, prettier, etc.). All these things combined, and you may start to consider the price difference reasonable. overallrating 3   lineend
name Vivid review Soooo bummed. I simply love the sound on these cans, but the speakers are just too dang close to the surface (not deep enough in the cups) and press down hard on my ears. The max time I can wear them is like an hour, and then I can't wear them for a day or so due to residual pain. I guess if they used thicker pads to deepen the cups, that might help. Also, on most of my other phones, the speaker areas have fairly flat surfaces, while this one has the speakers jutting out of the cups and are covered by just one thin nylon sheet. So it's kind of like double trouble. However, these really do have great sound (especially the tight bass clarity). If it weren't for the discomfort factor, I would be using them all the time. As of now, I hardly use them at all. In fact, when I first tested these out, I was ready to hop on the computer and order a couple more. But I'm glad I waited to really give them a more prolonged test. Of course, we are all of varying shapes and sizes, ha ha, so they might work for you where they don't for me. If so, you've got a bargain on some great cans. If not, ouch. Cheers! overallrating 2   lineend
name bayou bob review although im not onstage bouncing aroung...they hold the strap on just fine...no changing hardware like strap locks...yes..more colors so they would stay hidden would be nice...but i will order more.. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jeremy D. review so I never had the luxury of the Grolsch brand strap locks.I tried to raid the water bottles at the local cafe, but alas, I was too slow.It's a bit hard to forge a strap lock out of a Carlsberg bottle cap.So the Fender ones will do just fine, plus they come in 2 colors and say Fender.Time to open another Carlsberg, cheers Fender. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mary V review My Epiphone SST Classic didn't have the strap pin, so I took it to a place where they put the pin in the wrong place, as I don't want to do another hole to my guitar, I left it there, but I'm afraid that the strap would come off and my guitar hit the ground, so I bought these Fender strap blocks, and I use it on my two Epiphone guitars that I can't use the Planet Waves Strap lock with. My other Epiphone guitar is an Epiphone Hummingbird.They work great!! I would buy these again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pegleg review This is a good product. These work very well and are inexpensive and easy enough to put on. I like. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pen Name review An amazing cheap solution but the dunlop strap pins are the best way to go overall but i defiantly trust these on my guitar. 2 months and no problems yet overallrating 5   lineend
name Aaron haszard review Its a good amp im happy with it. The high gain is not the best a lot of unwated noise even while playing and i see a few people on here have had the same problem. But i mostly play punk/hardcore and blues which is does very well. So when im in a metal mood i use a BOSS metal zone pedal on a clean BUTCHER seting and no unwated noise even at loud volumes. so its good amp i just wish i didn't need to use pedals to get good metal sound thats why i got this amp so could get rid of my pedals o well overallrating 4   lineend
name fearn0evil review I have the Fender Mustang IV and I would say the fender is a superior modeling amp, but if you want to use an amp for bass and acoustic guitar as well as a modeling amp this is the amp to get. The bass sounds great and when I played Here Comes the Sun on my acoustic, I'd swear the tone sounded like the Beatles record. The modeling sound is ok  and they tell me there's a looper here but i'd have to pay an  extra $120 for a pedal to access it. Oops, there goes a star for the con job. Peavey could have easliy included or at least offered a pedal for much less. I'll wait and pick up a pedal used in the future. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jerry Roberson review Great little amp. I replaced a 35 year old Fender chorus with this. No comparison. I have it below 1 on the volume and it is still loud. The factory setup is great, but you can set it up anyway you want it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kev review This is an awesome amp. There are SO many settings on this amp you could spend hours with news sounds and effects, so sick! It's fun experimenting with different effects and mixing them to something new. Sometime I want to get the pedal for this amp to preset effects I like. Great amp if you're just looking for something to either mess around on or practice with. I play a lot of different songs on my electric guitars and this amp makes it really fun. I would recommend this to a beginner to an advanced player. overallrating 5   lineend
name Todd M review VERY VERY loud electric guitar amp! As a bass player, I was shocked that 40W could be that loud for guitar. I can't raise the volume above 1 in my house. When you switch it to acoustic or bass mode, the volume decreases dramatically, but it is a great amp for guitar players who also play bass occasionally.Excellent top quality features. Beautiful sound for each of the different modes. The acoustic setting really made my cheap electric guitar SOUND like it was an actual acoustic. The amp simulation is top notch.Awesome value for the price!Edit: I've played through it more as a bass amp and after turning some dials and trying out the different settings....I'm even MORE impressed. One of the reasons the volume for bass was so much lower was that the default gain is at zero. I brought the pre and post gain up to a reasonable level and BOOM....huge sound. I play with a 18 piece dance band and usually bring my Hartke kickback for that group. After experimenting more, I would not hesitate to use the Peavey for rehearsals and performances with that band.I still can't get over the fact that it is a 40W amp. The sound is enormous and clean for that much wattage. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob Denton review  I have already laid down 8 tracks and the process is effortless. Easy export to Protools for final mix but the internal tools are sufficient for a decent working demo. overallrating 5   lineend
name frankp93 review  The DP-008EX Pocketstudio is the next generation design of the DP-03 Digital Portastudio. I have access to both units and hope to compare them as well as describe the DP-008EX on its own terms, pointing out features and issues important to me (mostly workflow-related) as someone who grew up home-recording with analog equipment.(If you want all the details of the full functionality I'd recommend downloading the manual from TASCAM or a dealer site that offers it.)Speaking of the manual I found it to be essential, at least at first. There are so many features that it will likely take some time to explore and incorporate them so having a copy handy (or better yet downloading a second copy) is a good idea.This is picky but I found the larger size of the DP-03 manual easier to read and handle than the smaller DP-008EX.I've used software-based DAWs for years and, while I enjoy MIDI recording, mixing, and editing with them, basic audio tracking never felt as comfortable or spontaneous as when I used analog equipment. I have a one-room home studio with minimal acoustic treatment and, aside from PC noise, I miss the simplicity and tactile response of my old MK-II cassette 4-track:  Instant power on, press record/pause, ready-set-go.  Granted, I don't miss the `wall of hiss' that plagued those recordings but I had fun capturing a lot of musical moments.Using a hardware control surface with my DAW didn't solve the problem - I just find the reality of booting Windows, dealing with the inevitable patching and other software distractions to be too toxic to the creative moment - especially when recording acoustic instruments.I hoped the DP-008EX would provide some of that older experience - with digital audio quality in a size that would integrate easily with my existing setup.The bottom line for me is: It does and it doesn't.First some comparison points that may not be obvious from the product images in the descriptions:Size-wise, the difference between Porta and Pocket studios is roughly 11 1/2 x 2 x 8 inches versus 8 3/4 x 1 3/4 x 5 inches. TASCAM doesn't provide a case or cover for the DP-008EX but a larger eReader or tablet case should do fine and I'd recommend one if you plan on portable use - the plastic appears fairly durable but it's still plastic.The knobs on the DP-008EX are smaller in diameter, lower, and have rounded tops compared to those on the DP-03. However, I find their slightly `rubbery' matte finish just as easy to grip. I also find the smaller, circular pushbuttons on the DP-008EX don't protrude above the surface as much as the larger bar-shaped buttons on the DP-003 and are less comfortable to use.The data wheel is identical in size and has a bit less resistance on the DP-008EX which I prefer - the wheel gets a workout and you want responsiveness when selecting from menus.You'll need the dedicated PS-P520 5v power supply for the DP-008EX; the 12v PS-1225L for the DP-03 can't be shared. (The plug won't fit so you can't fry it - and don't even think of using batteries when recording anything you take seriously).  On the other hand, the Teac RC-3F footswitch is sharable - you'll need a mini plug to phone adaptor - but I think it's indispensable if you're working alone.Speaking of power, a strong plus for both recorders (and for me a deal-breaker were it not present) is phantom mic power so you're not limited to the built-in stereo condensers. They're not bad for rough work but, unlike mic stand-mounted portables, it would be a challenge to position this unit close to some instruments and vocals. I can get a decent acoustic piano recording in a good-sounding room but for close mic recording of guitar (acoustic or electric amp), violin, or percussion I want the flexibility of a mic stand and better quality mics.I like the resistance of the faders on the DP-03, but I can understand how the lack of real estate kept them off the DP-008EX. There's no CD burner either on the smaller unit but with USB 2  transfer capability, that's not an issue for me.Having similar XLR, phono and RCA jacks along the back edge of both units is an acquired taste. I'm not  bothered by it because I have space to run the cables but it's worth considering your physical layout and whether that works for you.The LED screen appears to be identical in size on both units and that leads me to my main workflow issues:The flat positioning of the screen makes using the unit on a flat surface less comfortable than it should be - especially since the menu is used so much. A slanted or adjustable screen mount would probably be asking for design trouble:  I do woodworking and made myself a simple stand that slants at 25 degrees and doesn't interfere with jack access - it makes a tremendous difference on my neck and upper back while reading the screen and for general use. TASCAM should consider a similar accessory.The software is largely the same for both units, aside from additional mastering `tools' (essentially packaged presets), and here lies my major criticism: I feel a real conflict between directly accessing functionality (i.e. levels, EQ, arming tracks) with dedicated knobs and buttons, and being forced to indirectly access other functionality using what I see is an inflexible, constraining menu  system.If there were some way to customize the menu navigation (the equivalent of software hot-keys) it's possible the frequent repetition of non-functional steps such as pressing the home button and selecting with the wheel would not wear on me as much as they do.The best evidence of an unbalanced design I see is the dedicated Phantom power button on both units whose purpose is - to display the \"Phantom\" screen where you then make a selection to turn the power on and off! That crystallizes for me the hybrid character and compromises made here between software-based recording and using a dedicated hardware recorder.When space for knobs and buttons is severely limited I can understand the design thinking and trade-offs that drive having so much functionality accessible through the menu. But the DP-008EX is stuffed with knobs and buttons and even my first multi-tracker, a Fostex X-15, effectively doubled-up the functionality of two tracks to cover four.  So I have to question whether the trade-offs TASCAM made here in fact diminish the user experience.With connectivity and software-based recording using even smaller devices rapidly improving, I believe the market for dedicated hardware recorders such as the DP-008EX will be largely made up of people like me who grew up with older recorders and are looking to recapture some of that experience. I think TASCAM would be well-served taking that into account.I've always liked the design of TASCAM gear; it just looks and feels well-made, and that's still in large part true of the DP-008EX. But I can't help believing that a simple digital equivalent of my old MK-II cassette 4-track would satisfy a lot of people out there (and not to mention make a terrific hack for someone with the electronics chops to pull it off!). overallrating 4   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  er put it, this won't replace your DAW. I can record some very polished songs on my laptop, but the Tascam does come close. The mics in the front are a great feature and sound pretty good too. I have recorded a few songs on this already and found it to be a very enjoyable experience. The portability factor is huge in my opinion. Being able to take it downstairs when the kids are upstairs, or vice versa, is great. Plus it's fun to record vocals in the bathroom and kitchen areas.I totally recommend this for any songwriter who wants a nice scratchpad to put down ideas in a quick and creative manner... and then polish them up a bit in the mastering section. FIVE STARS!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name James E. Sink review  As with any new device or toy we buy we discover the good and bad points...first the good....THE GOOD: 8 tracks that can be recorded 2 at a time...has RCA outs which is good for monitors and or headphone amp as well as a 1/8\" headphone out...a durable feel, a nice design, XLR inputs with phantom power, lit screen to see better (Very Nice)... wav 16bit 44khz recordings, auto punch in, comes with a 2gb card and can take up to 32GB SD cards...has effects has a metronome, mastering internal track apart form the 8 tracks, built in guitar tuner, EQ, Compression in and out, nice dual stereo up front mics that are real good sounding and all 8 track mixing, bouncing to 2 of your tracks  even the tracks that are bounced to, the previous tracks 'that are there' that still are plying bounce too, very cool...and much more....THE BAD: short battery life, No AC adapter included, need to buy (Cheap off ebay around $8 0)...small buttons, bad sounding reverbs, auto punch in gives you 2 seconds after pushing buttons to record, COME ON TASCAM, 2 SECONDS!!!!!?????? I can't get back into recording part with a guitar in 2 lead in seconds all alone!!!!! No guitar effects or Drum patterns like Boss's BR Micro 4 and 80...(boss has it's problems too, believe me)sometimes it just hangs up, (think there is an unlock or reset pen press thing on the side)HORRIBLE REVERBS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!moreEven though this untit has its good and not so goods, it is a great device, you can import and export songs to this to and from your computers recording software, remember its 16 bit wavs only to and from DAW.....Tascam please lengthin the auto punch lead in from 2 seconds to 5 seconds or more on next firmware and dont make another new unit just to improve what a firmware can do!!!....Jim overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael J. Edelman review Tascam had the first inexpensive multitrack recorder on the market, and even as competitors entered the market they've managed to stay on top. I've owned or borrowed models from Fostex and Korg going back several decades but Tascam always seems to be out in front when it comes to ease of use and value. Even as the market evolved from cassette to digital, Tascam recorders have kept the same feel and ease of use. I had a Boss Micro BR-80 for a while, but I found the all-menu interface annoying and difficult to use. I kept forgetting the sequences to set up rhythm tracks, record, and mix down, and ended up having to repeat things over and over. I soon sold it, and then replaced it with a Tascam DP-004 when that appeared on the market. The Tascam wasn't really any more powerful than the Boss, and lacked the built in rhythm tracks, but it had fewer menus and more actual switches and knobs that made it more intuitive in use, and more like an actual mixing board or traditional cassette-based recorder.After the DP-004 Tascam produced a follow-on six track unit and this recorder, the 8-track DP-008. When it was first introduced a couple of years ago it really was a revolutionary unit. There were plenty of 8-track recorders out there, but none that were that small and that inexpensive. It's also more than just a DP-008 with more tracks. The DP-008 has a much improved mastering ability that allows you to adjust EQ, compression, and effects individually on tracks for the mix down, while leaving the original tracks unaffected. Like the DP-004, it has built in microphones and can also be used for direct stereo recording. Unlike the DP-004, it comes with an external power supply in the box (a $24 option with the original 004) and can use an external battery pack.I've been playing with my 008 all weekend, doing a mixture of stereo and multitrack recordings. One thing I noticed right off was that there's a significant amount of noise in the monitor mix while multitracking. I was afraid this would translate into noisy recordings, but the noise isn't there in the finished playback. I also noticed that while the basic recording functions are more or less unchanged from those on the 004, the new mixdown functions are much more complex and required constant reference to the manual. As mentioned previously, there's an awful lot of capability there and it's going to take some time to be able to use it effectively. Most of that functionality is menu-based, rather than being accessibly directly from the front panel, and I have to say that's one thing I don't really care for. The only input device you have to select functions and parameters and menus is a scroll wheel that's not nearly as comfortable as a knob or a mouse or touchpad.Most of my recording lately has been done with various Apple platforms. At home, I use Garage Band on my iMac and a USB-equipped Alesis console for input. Away from home I use Garage Band on my iPad and (for ultimate portability) iPod Touch. All of these platforms are much more intuitive to use than the DP-008 and much more powerful. Of course, they're also a lot more expensive, and lack the built-in stereo microphones and ability to plug instruments and microphones directly in without some sort of additional interface. Having XLR connectors as well as 1/4\" inputs is a really nice touch, something you never saw on portables from a few years ago. I like the old-school approach of the DP-008 as well as the all-in-one package approach.If I was just starting out in home multitrack recording and didn't have a lot to spend, I think the DP-008 might be a good choice. It's really good enough to produce music for a band's first CD releases, and costs less than a decent microphone. WIth 8 full tracks there's no need to do track bouncing to get four instruments and four voices down, and if you really need to, you can bounce and add a further six tracks, giving you 14 in all. I don't think it's going to replace my iPod for pocket portability or my iPad for functionality (Garage Band gives me a full orchestra, keyboards and drums as well) but having the microphones and instrument preamps built in does make it much easier to set up and use for live recording. It should get a lot of use at my home and elsewhere in the coming year. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bob Feeser review  s here just downloaded a driver and used their existing DAW in order to test out the interface, and therefore they didn't need to spend much time with it. I don't blame them; the shortest distance between two points is a straight line. So get out a cup of coffee because installing this complete package doesn't happen in just one hour. So here goes...If you have Windows Vista you are probably out of luck because the system requirements list Windows XP, 7, and 8. I am sure the omission of Vista is not a mistake. I know myLogitech AudioHub Notebook Speakersare non-functional in my Vista laptop if you are running Windows Media Center in it as well. It works in Win 7 just fine. So I installed it in my desktop running Windows 7 64 bit and it gives you the option of installing in 32 or 64. In addition to Cubase LE 6 it also installed AI Elements 6 as well as Agent One Content, Groove Agent One, Vintage Beat Boxes, Steinberg Drum Loop Expansion 01 which took a good amount of time to load, as well as Steinberg Halion Sonic SE 64 bit for AI Elements. I then had to activate and register Cubase LE6 which involves installing the latest eLcc, creating a Steinberg account (which is free and they don't ask you for a credit card). They provide you with an activation code after you register.I have an iLok for Pro Tools which is a USB device that enables you to run the program. Cubase does not require that you have one, although they have an equivalent looking device, but fortunately they have a software based equivalent. They do this with an eLicense which you will then update to version 6.5.4.1122. There is an eLicense control setup and you have a Soft eLicenser number that you will use in order to generate the Activation Code generated at the Steinberg site. What came on my disc was version 6 5 which they instruct you to immediately do an update, which I did to version 6 7.So we install the Tascam interface next which comes on a separate DVD. Included with the interface is a 5 foot USB printer style cable. You will need to install the driver disc before connecting it to your computer. Windows 7 recognizes it but fails to automatically load a driver. So install the driver off of the disc first, and then do the update. It took at least 15 minutes to do that update. What flashed on the screen was 154 megabytes and then all you see is an install screen with a scrolling series of round objects moving. At first it says, \"This is going to take a long time\ and they were exactly right. It almost tempts you to think something is wrong, because nothing is happening other than the scrolling, and then finally after ten minutes or so a dialogue box comes up and says, \"Do you want to install?\" and you click continue, and then it comes up again in another minute, and this happens a few times, and then finally it changes over to an installation finished box. (I have Verizon FIOS and usually download huge amount of data in a flash). Then you reboot.Now this is important. Plug the US-322 directly into an available USB 2  port and not into a hub, even if it is a powered hub. It simply won't work. I tried it and the light wouldn't even come on indicating USB. When I went direct the interface lit up and it worked. The manuals also warn you not to use it with USB 1.1. The US-322 comes with a printed Quick Start Guide. There is also an owner's manual for both the Interface, and Cubase that are available either on the DVD, or by Googling the same and they come up as a PDF download. If you are new to setting up interfaces be prepared to do a good deal of reading. There is a driver to choose, input and output settings, as well as going into Windows Control Panel/Sound in order to choose the interface for playback, and recording. If you're new to these kinds of setups just take your time, and don't be dismayed if something doesn't work. All it takes is for one button to get pushed and Wahlah you have sound. For example in Cubase there is a monitoring button without it you won't get any sound from the headphones. If all else fails you can go to the Tascam web site by Googling Tascam US-322 and then click on the support tab, and they have a \"you pay for it\" phone call number in order to help you. Hope this helps.PS: The real killer deal right now is Avid Pro Tools 9 bundle with the MBox Mini which is another limited interface but you are getting Pro Tools 9. Plus purchases of this bundle made after 10/2011 that has pro tools 9 will be able to have a free upgrade to pro tools 10 if you register your product with Avid. Considering what Pro Tools goes for by itself, and what the MBox sells for individually, and the bundle even comes with the iLok you can sell it used for what you are paying for it, and even more than you are paying for it if you take advantage of the discounts I have seen pop up as much as 20% off the already low price. Then you have Pro Tools 9, and 10 full blown versions, none of this LE stuff, and an interface, and can grow from there. This Tascam interface works great with Pro Tools. These Pro Tools 9 bundles are discounted to make way for 11, and I am seeing music stores running out of them. They are clearing the shelves preparing for 11, but it has bugs. I rarely purchase totally new versions until they have time to season some, and get feedback from users. After some time, and more updates, I will be browsing the shelves for discounts on the upgrade to 11; maybe in another year. PT 9 is all I need. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bryan Barrow review While the Tascam US-322 Audio Interface appears to be a powerful tool for home based recording, it also appears that it is designed to work only in tandem with the included Cubase LE software. I am not a novice at home recording, as I have used many devices from 4 track cassettes to ProTools setups over the years. Here is a rundown of my disappointing experience:1) plugged into my iPad using the camera kit USB connector - got review  . Until then, I'm disappointed. overallrating 3   lineend
name Jon Norris review I love Tascam gear, and have used it for nearly 30 years. I was excited to try out this interface and see what it could do. Unfortunately, I was disappointed.While the construction and mechanical function of the device itself were good, the actual function with the computer left much to be desired. Also, the complete lack of a manual with the one I got made it very difficult understand the functions. (Sorry, but with a device this expensive and which includes 2 CDs of software, how hard would it be to include a full manual on the install CD?)There was a very small quick start guide included, which basically just named the various switches, inputs, and outputs, and gave extremely sparse directions about using the software mixer screen. I was forced into trial and error to see if I could get a serious recording in anything remotely resembling a multi-track mode. I could not. I could record and layer multiple tracks (I was using Audacity, didn't want to install Cubase), but I could not get playback from the previous tracks while I also had live input. Now this could have been my computer or Audacity, as it is an older Win XP machine, but it played back multiple tracks without problem.There was nothing in the mini-quickstart guide to address this, or even hint where one should look, other than going to Tascam's web site. I'm sorry, but that is just not good enough with a device this expensive. There should be a complete manual, at least in pdf, included with the product. If I am going to use this to do serious recording, the last thing I want to do is waste huge amounts of time digging information out of a website, or worse, from \"user community\" threads in some blog.Which brings me to another minor complaint - no Linux drivers included. I use mostly Linux, with only one Windows machine for software which I can't get on Linux. I wanted to try the software under Wine on Linux but was under time constraints.Then there are the generic problems with software interfaces replacing hardware. With a hardware mixer, I can access as many controls as my fingers can handle (3 or 4 on some mixers) at the same time. Computerized mixers can only do 1 thing at a time, and one must be constantly moving the cursor from one thing to another to access controls. The controls on  this interface were very fussy, and you have to position the cursor just exactly on a very small portion of a button to get it to react. I found it very tedious, and again, no actual instructions were included to help with that process. With a touch screen, it might be easier, but then why not just use buttons on a real mixer in that case? (Yeah, I know, touch screens are COOL.)Also, software based functions are always limited by your computer and OS, and that means everyone can have a different experience - consistency is much harder to maintain.I am old school, and find hardware mixers far more responsive and useful. I know that lots of people are all excited about having software versions of hardware in their computers, and saving space, etc., etc. I value function over fashion, however, and that is what I have always liked about Tascam gear: it was supremely functional. This software falls far short of what I expect from Tascam, and the lack of a manual for the interface is inexcusable.Good mixers, especially for multi-track recording, can be complex and difficult to learn. The layers of signal interconnection can be hard to understand at first, and takes some time to get comfortable with. Old Tascam manuals actually used to have a certain amount of instruction in multi-track recording, which was helpful to aspiring recording artists. Not so here.I had really hoped to give this 3 or 4 stars, but sadly, it only rates a 2 (2.5 if I could) for me. Come on, Tascam, you can do better than this. overallrating 2   lineend
name Sam I Am review Awesome audio interface.  Perfect for my beginner studio setup. All set to trade my tracks with fellow musicians around the globe. Easy set up overallrating 5   lineend
name TheTerrorBeyond review This unit is compact enough to take with you if you need a small interface to take along with your laptop for field recording.  It is powered via the USB bus, so you don't have to carry power supplies, or worry about finding an outlet for the device.One issue is that this is not a plug-and-play device.  You will need to install a device driver in order for your computer to recognize it.  After the driver was installed, I was able to get Pro Tools to recognize it right away without any issue.  I recorded some tracks just to see how easy it was to work with and how it sounded.  It works like any other interface in Pro Tools, so you will be able to use it easily enough.  The mic pre-amps don't seem terribly powerful and you will have to really up the input level to get anything out of a 48v condenser microphone like the ones I use to record vocals and guitars.  I found that the overall sound quality was okay, but just okay. I wouldn't want to use this for anything important, but it will work fine if you are doing a field recording of rehearsals, or doing pre-production in a practice space.  I wouldn't recommend it for serious studio work though and I would rather drag my Pro Tools I/O rack to a location if I was in the field.The build quality is a bit suspect on this as well.  I noticed that the unit made a clinking noise when I picked it up after taking it out of the box.  It seems that the bottom panel is not secure and is a bit loose.  I can move the top and bottom together and apart, making a clinking sound.  This can, of course, be taken care of very easily, but I would rather have a device come as it should.  I have never had a problem with a TASCAM unit before and I have had a ton over the years, so I hope this is just a one-off quality control issue.  The knobs feel okay, but there is a bit of play in the line out control and one of the attenuators is sticky.Bottom line: 3/5 starsRecommended for casual use, but not for commercial use overallrating 3   lineend
name Tobias L Merriman review Works perfectly.  Got the drivers for Mac from the website and it instantly showed up in core-audio. Very easy to use. Love it! overallrating 5   lineend
name john review Purchased this and a comparable Hosa cable. This cable works flawlessly without crackles when guitar is moved. Hosa failed the test in both performance and easy coiling. I will stick to GLS products from this point forward. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick review I ordered two of these cables and they arrived on time and as advertised.  They are excellent quality, clear tone and a great look.  I was actually impressed with the room that the cables gave my tone and the clarity they have.  For Price and Quality these are top notch. overallrating 5   lineend
name skeletonbears review Definitely the best combination of price, durability and sound quality that I've come across. Plus, the tweed look really grows on you.  Ordered a bunch for the studio, and a bunch more for home. Holds up well, even after being yanked and crushed and stepped on. Do it! overallrating 5   lineend
name The Count review First of all, 20 ft is not too long. Better to have a little bit of extra length than too short. The cable works fine and is very flexible. Also looks nice and is easier to track than plain black ones. Recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name Wendell Burnett review Constructed well, works perfectly, rolls up nicely with no kinks. The  20 foot guitar instrument cable is another quality product by GLS Audio. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chandler review These are durable, but I get some noise from the cables. It's barely audible, but it's distracting nonetheless. overallrating 3   lineend
name cowboylove review The cable tangles easily. Not stiff enough.It get's in the way and is hard to stay stretched out. But the color and the cloth cover is cool looking and has a more personal feel than the common rubber types. It also seem tightly put together at the ends. overallrating 3   lineend
name Hans R review Satisfies my needs . . . nice cloth covered, large strain relied, good plugs (put a bit of thread lock on them they unscrew almost unintentionally) . . . . like it even if it's a bit long for use at home. overallrating 4   lineend
name hcross review A friend made a comment that the cord looked like an old iron electric cord. LOL The cord delivers good sound quality. The only problem I have with it is that it gets tangled up rather easy. overallrating 4   lineend
name Kazmir review This is a great guitar cable its very long and does not get tangles up no matter how hard you try I recommend it to anybody who wants a good cable. overallrating 5   lineend
name Todd M review Very nice quality. I've removed 1 star because of the 1/4 casing. The sheath likes to twist off a little too easily. I used plumbers thread tape and tightened it right up. Other than that. I've been using this cable regularly for a while and it works great. overallrating 4   lineend
name Alex Bartlett review This bit of leather and a button spared my acoustic surgery to add a second strap mount. I am happy with the function and it looks good in combination with an Ernie Ball strap. The raised star on the button adds a touch of design interest. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andy Clark review Works great.  Easy to use overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian review My acoustic only has the end pin strap button and none at the heel of the neck. I was using a bit of string to tie the strap to the headstock, but it was ugly. This, however, is a very attractive solution and quite sturdy to boot. Highly recommend. overallrating 5   lineend
name David G review Leather type material and corrosive free button type attachment for the strap.  I would prefer it not so wide but you have to include the button.  The button is not a snap, I just lack the word to describe it.  Previously I used to use a shoe lace and I would be thinking about it falling while playing.  Now I have more confidence with this strap.  It's not Gucci but doesn't feel like plastic either. overallrating 5   lineend
name John Wade Long Jr. review  ... but... they're the cheesiest looking leather I've ever seen... real leather for sure, but somehow the maker found real leather that looks like cheap vinyl imitation leather. overallrating 4   lineend
name Kevin Kiernan review Yep. it holds the strap on the neck of my guitar. I have a Washburn rover, a backpacker style, and so a stap is a necessity, and this works just great. overallrating 5   lineend
name LHardyRN review Works well with the AXL PG-515.  This is good quality for the price.  Snap is large and holds well; but is easy enough to unsnap when needed.  Its rare to need to remove this strap button because it slides out of the way, as needed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Brown review I am happy with the strap button that I purchased, however they sent me the wrong one.  No big deal. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tammy R Slayton review If you have to have a strap on your acoustic guitar, I would suggest this. I have a vintage 60s Dixon Hummingbird. I was really worried about scuffing it up. Don't worry with this. overallrating 5   lineend
name tgn1956 review I wanted to put a strap on my acoustic guitar. Now it is easier to handle, when trying to play. overallrating 5   lineend
name TheSunrisePost review Love it, I finally found one that supports my 12 strings Alvarez jumbo acoustic guitar overallrating 5   lineend
name Wendell Burnett review This strap button works great. works so much better than the string around the neck thing.And looks better too! overallrating 5   lineend
name arleas review For some reason, when I saw &#34;48 picks&#34; I think of a sandwich baggie full of plastic picks... What I got was a slim resealable bag that's about 1/8th the size I was thinking of.  It comes with Light, Medium and Heavy picks.  Even the Light picks are thicker than the &#34;thin&#34; picks I had ordered before.  I like having the variety though.  This has a variety of colors as well as the thickness.The only thing that could have made this better is if it came with a drawstring on the bag so I could maybe hang it from my strap. overallrating 5   lineend
name christopher Lamothe review just love them came really quick love all the different colors and thicknesses in all the colors you can fined a fine med or heavy overallrating 5   lineend
name David W review  I love this assortment.  Every color and size you'll ever need.  You can never have enough picks but this batch should keep you going for a while.  This was an exceptional value and the picks are of nice quality.  I would buy this again or recommend to anyone.  I use medium picks so would search for a large batch of these in medium only though.  Definitely a 5 star purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name doreen cascagnette review Love my assortment of picks and the price was right. I like that their is different gauges, because I don't always like using the same so this is great with the three different gauges to choose from in all these nice colours but I only received 47 instead of 48 picks but whose counting, i'm  still happy with my picks and would purchase from seller again, thanks. overallrating 5   lineend
name James I Van Asten review I was given free picks when I bought my guitar from a local guitar shop in town. The Retailer gave me some mediums. I find I do better with heavy thickness. I have a heavy touch when I play the guitar. With the different thicknesses I can choose which works best for me. From experience it never hurts to have extra picks around. Since I bought these I have been using the Heavy thickness ones. They really bring out the extra sound in the strings on the guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe Labruna review they are just great what more can I say They product is high quality and a good price I am enjoying them overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Lovelace review  A bonanza of handsome peal celluloid guitar picks in a variety of thicknesses.  An inexpensive way to find your favorite pick. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I have about quit using picks now.  But I needed a variety pack to try different thicknesses.  That's what you get with this.  From very thin and flexible to 0.8 and hard, you get a selection. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ariana Rivadeneira review  Perfect to try different sizes and shapes!! great quality. Buy it if you don't know which size or shape will work best for you. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob. Oh, Bob. review Terrific way to tray out various picks without committing to a whole pack of something you might not end up liking.  And high praise for GO-DPS Music.  These guys had the product out the door the same day I ordered it, sent some great sale information on other gear, and included a catalog explaining the specs of all the picks I'd ordered.  I only spent 1.99 and I really felt like they went out of their way to earn more of my business - which they did! overallrating 5   lineend
name Constantinople review Couldn't be happier than playing with a variety of picks - each one has a different feel and sound. The dura picks have more variety, there's only one in each thickness. The celluloid ones come two per size. As a pick, I liked using all of them, from the super floppy thinnest dura to the hard plastic thickest celluloid. Worth getting even if just to experiment - some of the picks were easier to use for certain songs than others, and the different thicknesses definitely have a different sound. Similar thickness picks of both material sounded the same but felt different to the fingers. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dan review A fine inexpensive assortment of thicknesses for the beginning guitarist to choose from.A great deal for a nominal amount of money. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hyun review just what you see. A good variety of different picks. I got it for me and my dad. My dad plays guitar, and he likes the thinner onnes overallrating 5   lineend
name JBIZZLE review Great price for 12 picks spanning from light - heavy.Picks are good quality and would recommend to anyone looking for picks. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joyce Kaiser review After taking my guitar lessons...I never knew there were soooo many kinds of flexibility or thickness of picks for guitars. My instructor told me that I need a variety to see which one or two felt good in my strumming hand, and to see if I could pick out some melody's without too much problem. I realize the pick is not magical that it plays with out me doing the work, and I have been having fun trying all sorts of sizes, flexibilities, and strengths. Just go for the gusto and find what you like! overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Parks Hammond review great value overallrating 5   lineend
name Leseagle review If you are picky these are all eye candy... nice flexible, easy to hold and I received on time at a great price. overallrating 4   lineend
name Isaac review Throw this right in my little storage bag I use for my gigging materials...microphones, cables, straps, tuner, etc. folds up easy, fits great. Seems stable enough. overallrating 4   lineend
name John Barry review My classical guitar stand was metal and short, like this, but did not have the front brace or download slant. If I had this then my beloved flamenco guitar might not have tipped over and broken it's headstock on the hard flood. So sad. I mourn it still. overallrating 5   lineend
name Julian review Solid, and super easy to use. The best for the price I supposeGreat quality and I am looking forward to purchasing more of this brand overallrating 4   lineend
name Leland W. Morris review  You have just simply got to try this little guitar stand.  It folds up so small, and yet remains very stable in use.  Adjustable in a snap, but if you even forget that, it will grip your instrument better than a metal stand.  Anything can be knocked over, but this really works better than you might believe.  Goood ! overallrating 5   lineend
name Tammy R Slayton review I bought the wall mounts for a more permanent solution, but this lightweight little stand is sturdy and adjustable. I just move it around the house wherever I feel like playing. Fold it up to take with me when I go out of town. Everyone who sees it loves it. overallrating 5   lineend
name CrochetGranny7 review  I love the Hola! small instrument stand. It is sturdy and folds up nicely for me to take with me when I go to the Ukulele Club. It has a nice rubber padding so I trust putting my instrument on it. I have a Tenor Ukulele and it fits just fine on this stand. It is very lightweight which is also a plus. I use the stand at home too. I stand my ukulele on it because sometimes I play and then I want to go to YouTube to listen to a particular song. It is very convenient.  I have recommended this stand to others also.Features I like: lightweight, sturdy and folds up easily. overallrating 5   lineend
name ixd735 review Pros:-Sturdier than expected-Moving parts are all smooth and do not feel like they will deteriorateCons:-If you want to keep the shoulder rest on a violin, it  almost  fits on this stand. overallrating 3   lineend
name Leland W. Morris review  I've been able to purchase 5 of these in different sizes for all my pickin' pals.  Lightweight, easy to transport in the back of your amp, or just put it in a bag with your music.  THESE are good values for the money, and do not fall over easily.  Those little grippers on the ends and the back actually work.  I mean really work well too.  Not so wonderful for uneven dirt or grass areas, but otherwise.  They are the BOMB !  whee overallrating 5   lineend
name Shastastan review  This is a great portable uke stand to have with you.  It folds up small and will fit in the outside pocket on your uke gig bag.  Having this stand is a lot better than just laying your uke on the floor. overallrating 5   lineend
name WillieJ review This stand is small, compact, and sturdy.  It holds my tenor uke just fine, and when folded, fits into the pocket of my uke case.  It's perfect to take along to a gig or practice, and therefore have a safe place to put the uke down. overallrating 5   lineend
name Yakov Hadash review This stand holds up my ukulele, so yay. Folded up, it fits perfectly inside the side pocket in the Hola gig bag, which I also use and heartily recommend. Make no mistake - this stand is not pretty, it feels and looks like cheap plastic, but it does the job. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  This is a modeling amp.  IT has several presets, to emulate different sounds.  They factory settings for these are pretty good, and all but the first bank (of three) can be adjusted and saved as new presets on the amp.  If you get the fender fuse software (license comes with the amp) you can get some pretty amazing &#34;pre&#34; sets from fender and other users.This is not a massive cabinet, so you aren't going to get that &#34;big&#34; a sound, regardless. But for a small room it's great!Common complaint I have seen:  No clean channel/preset.This is not the case.  There are a couple of factory presets that are &#34;clean&#34; although some people want cleaner.  You can either adjust the gain/vol yourself or download one of several VERY nice very clean presets from the fender forums.  That said, one of my guitars is edgy, it wants to overdrive the amp.  Another doesn't, and is very clean, even on the factory preset clean.I very nearly got a different amp.  I went to a music store and a salesman showed me a Mustang II.  I was sold when he showed me what all it could do - then showed me the price for a Mustang I!!  For ~$100 USD this is about as much as you could possibly ask for.It'll keep me busy for a long time. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Forbes review  I bought this amp to use for practicing the electric guitar. There is so much debate out there about amps vs solid state (this is a solid state). People will make ridiculous claims if you choose not to purchase a $400 tube amp to practice through. (&#34;You're not getting the right tone, man....&#34; The problem with that is, there are several companies out there Marshall, Fender, Vox, Orange, etc....and they all have a variety of tube amps to choose from and they all begin in price around this one. So, I figured, before I committed to a company, maybe I could just use this Fender to emulate some of those sounds I want.That worked out beautifully. Though I am very much a beginner, I have a greater appreciation for the nuances an amp's eq can have on your guitar's tone. I thought I needed pedals to have some of these effects, instead I can just change the channel to a preset and there is all the flanger/reverb/modulation I need. I have got to the point where I understand about how just adjusting my volume/switching pickups and using the built in guitar knobs can alter my tone enough to stand out when I want to.I would not have been able to do that without this amp. This amp helped me develop as a beginner so I wouldn't waste money buying other things, beginners think they should get. Excellent amp and I recommend getting this over the Mustang II. Save the difference for your real amp that will come when you actually know a little more. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Zemer review I bought this along with a new guitar for my daughter, as she is learning to play. My son has also joined in the fun. This is a pretty complex amp, and will require quite a bit of time to figure out everything that it can do. It can be a little daunting for a newbie. overallrating 4   lineend
name David W review   "unixReviewTime": 1389571200, "reviewTime": "01 13, 2014"}
name SeBo review  Luv it, I had version #1 and this amp isnt much different.they both are cheap and sound great plus u can connect to the computer software overallrating 4   lineend
name The Count review Do not expect this to sound like a Fender Frontman with 2 x 12\" speakers. But for practicing in your bedroom or similar it's perfect. Plenty of sound effects to mess around with. Are they as good as dedicated $100 per stomp box effects? Probably not, but so what. Just found out the best part of this amp. You can connect it via the USB port to your PC not only for using the rather cheesy Fender software, but it lets you pipe your guitar's sounds into software like Garage Band. You can thus save yourself a dedicated audio interface like an M-Audio M-Track or similar. PS: It is not recommended to go directly from the guitar to the MIC or LINE IN in of your computer (even with the right adapter plugs) as the impedances will not be right. On top of that, I have connected the Mac's headphone audio out to the amp's AUX in! Sounds MUCH better than listening to the PC's normal puny speakers.UPDATE: While the built in USB interface does work, a dedicated device with good pre-amps like the Focusrite 2i2 is much better in getting guitar audio into a computer.UPDATE TO THE UPDATE: While I am keeping this amp for convenience I have quickly learned that NOTHING can match a real tube amp. You can simulate all you want (and I am talking much more expensive SW solutions, its like imitation chocolate vs. REAL chocolate. Got the Marshall DSL 40 Watt combo. Amazing sound. overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam Rose review Works very well and is portable.  Guitar leans pretty far back, but I 'put a sock on it', no literally, and now the guitar leans at the right angle.  Not literally a right angle, but a very good angle.  Why do you have to be so difficult? overallrating 5   lineend
name Applewhite Minyard review I've tried numerous stands for the variety of instruments I use: electric guitar, acoustic guitar, mandolin, violin, and banjo. This one fits all of them and holds them securely and folds up easily for transport. It doesn't get in the way, has rubber feet and padding, and just works simply and effectively. It's not flashy looking, but then it's never seen because it either is hidden by the instrument, or blends in because of its compact size and black color. Nothing else is as versatile and effective, including the multi instrument stands, the ones with other shapes of the support arms, and other folding designs. This is simply the ideal. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris Syria review works as advertised, good construction, folds easy, holds acoustic or electric, does not nock over easy or at all.  good product overallrating 4   lineend
name Clam Canoe review What a great A-frame stand, especially for the money. It's lightweight but super-stable. I like it so much that I ordered three more. All 7 of my electric guitars fit wonderfully onto the stand, as do my acoustics. The similarly-priced Fender is a FPOS. It leans WAYYY too far back.I couldn't have hoped for more from these stands. Buy one. Buy a couple. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dako review  The concept of this guitar stand is great, and I thought it would be perfect for my two Telecasters...That is until I get the stands in place and put the guitars in them. The stands have a very deep angle, and from what I could tell, the guitars were sitting about 40 to 45 degrees back.It just looks silly, like your guitars are trying to slip out of the stand, or are in a slow-motion fall backwards. It also ends up taking up WAY too much space, as the stand has to be set out from the wall or corner quite a bit for clearance purposes. I ended up returning these stands, but would definitely buy again if they produced a more upright version. overallrating 2   lineend
name Dan review It has a nice solid construction and a sturdy stance. Yet it folds flat to provide storage capability in a minimum of space. overallrating 5   lineend
name dgray5150 review This stand is sturdy and my guitars &#34;seat&#34; like an anchor.  I use one for my electric and another for acoustic.  Will be getting another as soon as I get daughters new guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name DJB review This guitar stand is as basic as you can get.Has padding where it needs it to protect guitar.Sets up in seconds.Provides good stability and displays guitar nicely.Perfect stand as long as you don't have others(roomates,kids,pets,etc.,who may bump it and knock it over). overallrating 5   lineend
name Edgar Moses Jones review Cheap. The best way to describe this stand. It serves it's purpose but spend a few shekels more on a better guitar stand. overallrating 2   lineend
name Garyb review Works great, does what it should, holds all my guitars securely.  acoustic and electric, but not at the same time.  haha overallrating 5   lineend
name I.M. review  I cold not believe how much more sturdy my guitar is in this stand. I had the typical guitar stand before and had to be very careful about it tipping over. This one is so secure and my guitar has never felt like it would tip over. Small and sturdy. I use it at practice and during our live shows. You can't go wrong with this. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeremy Mos review I like the fact is foldable and can be put away or carried easily. The biggest down side is the angle that the guitar sits, the lean is to far back so you'll need to keep it further from walls than usual. Other wise good deal. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jerry Roberson review I bought 3 of these and will by more for my guitar collection. Cheap but work. Nothing fancy...just functional. Nothing more to say, but it said I needed 1 more word. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joseph Durall review I needed an inexpensive music stand for my guitar lessons. This worked well for that. overallrating 5   lineend
name KAY ADAMS review YES, DEAR READER, THIS STAND WILL WORK AS A GOOD SUPPORT STAND FOR NOT ONLY MY GRAND CONCERT SIZE ACOUSTIC GUITAR, FOR  MY FIVE- STRING BANJO (WITH RESONATOR), AND.ALSO  FOR MY BARITONE UKULELE.  THE STAND IS.STURDY, PROVIDES GOOD SUPPORT, AND LOOKS GOOD.  I AM PLEASED WITH MY PURCHASE. AND WILL PROBABLY BUY ANOTHER JUST LIKE IT FOR MY BANJO. THE PACKAGE ARRIVED IN TIME AND WAS PROTECTED BY AN ADEQUATE SHIPPING CONTAINER.. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kazmir review Not much to really say but its a great stand that is durable and i have no problems with it and it does not scratch your guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lucy Cat review  Just barely gets the job done...I have a Fender Jazz Bass Standard.  The shape of the body of the guitar does not fit the arms of this stand and it forces you to position it very carefully to avoid the stand collapsing.  It is very low quality, not particularly sturdy and my cords get wrapped around it constantly.  Its JUST good enough, but if my room were larger and my guitar out in the open, I would be constantly worried about it falling over.  I will definitely be replacing this with a better quality stand in the near future. overallrating 3   lineend
name ManUPT review The stand works great. It supports my Casio CTK6250 on the shortest level and can go pretty high as well. This thing folds up so it is easy for storing. It is a bit heavy, but that allows it to support almost any keyboard. This is by far the most stable keyboard stand out there and a great price too. overallrating 5   lineend
name Perry D review Not the best but not the worse. This stand works as expected, it can hold a guitar. All the surfaces that make contact with your instrument are covered with rubber padding which is important. Only downside is there's no neck support. I used this mainly for putting my guitar down when not playing not for displaying! overallrating 4   lineend
name Popper review Simple to deploy and holds the guitar very effectively. Good value. Low to the ground, so balance is not an issue. overallrating 5   lineend
name The Count review Inexpensive and practical. You don't have to watch out too much when placing a guitar on this - just about any angle will work. Needs little space, another plus. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Ruud review  I received a MIM Stratocaster as a gift a year ago. Recently, I noticed the occasional moment where no signal would make it to the amp. After tracing the issue, I discovered there was some play in the Strat's jack and the right angle of pull on the cable would keep it from making a positive connection with the tip. A quick fix was to bend the jack's connector end, but the root of the problem was substandard metal that had too much flex and would permanently open, making a minor gap where there wasn't that positive connection.I've purchased several Switchcraft jacks and they just work. Stronger, more flexible metal, easy soldering, good materials. It's a very wise investment and makes a trustworthy connection. Obviously, because the finish is chromed, oxidation can get in the way of the connection, but that only happens after a few years of use and can easily be remedied. If oxidation/wear is an issue, Switchcraft makes gold-plated jacks. However, I just love these jacks, and for the price, they really can't be beat. overallrating 5   lineend
name Highmember review JUST WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR! THE SAME AS THE OLD ONE I GOT IN MY BC RICH WARLOCK NETCK TRU overallrating 5   lineend
name Tachyon review What really can you say about Switchcraft, they just make good solid parts.  Grab one, drop it in and replace that old broken import jack. overallrating 5   lineend
name Techie review  Bought this as a replacement for a vintage guitar I am re-doing.  I've learned the hard way that there are some things you don't skimp on.  And this is one.  Switchcraft is what we used in the Air Force 40 years ago, and are still some of the best-made electronic components out there! overallrating 5   lineend
name Video Services Of Va review I didnt have any issue with this when I went to put it in my strat build. Not a lot to say about it really. Its metal and it works. Switchcraft is usually a good product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review It's smaller than i thought, it works fine and it picks the string really fast. It does only tune in the regular A tune (so E, A, D, G, B, E). So since it's a gift for my father in law it works just fine, but since I use a A flat tuning for my Gibson, and even lower (G) for my Jackson it doesn't work for me. overallrating 3   lineend
name Dennis R. Crisp review This a great chromatic clip on guitar tuner.  The letters are big so you don't have to strain your eyes to see the notes when you tune.  Clips easily to your guitar and turns where you can see the letters when tuning. overallrating 5   lineend
name jinx review I've been using this for a month or so and it works as described.  Some people rate this above the Snark devices, but I cannot.If I were to choose, I'd go for the Snark but this is still an acceptable tuner. overallrating 4   lineend
name Joe Labruna review I have a few tuners that are somewhat like this GT-1 Clip-on Tuner. However this is the best one I have because of the format of the Clip-on Tuner GT-1. The size of the Clip-on GT-1 one is also great. So far the tuner is very accurate. in conclusion I would like to say that the Clip-on GT-1 is a good quality. However I could have got this product for a lot cheaper! overallrating 5   lineend
name Leland W. Morris review  Tuner works well for violins and mandolins especially.  Little harder to read than I would have liked, especially in sunlight.  It would be nice if there was a sound feature.  One other thing that I had in mind, so I'll say it here.  the people that purchase these should put out a Model that Says BLUEGRASS, and this 'blue' tuner would be an even bigger hit. overallrating 3   lineend
name Lonnie M. Adams review This is one of the best tuner I have had, what a great value for a low cost.  Thank to all for selling this Guitar Tuner at Amazon. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. W. Milyard review  Every once and a while I play the bass guitar and while I use the Snark for my guitars, itwill not tune the bass; this tuner does a great job of that task, plus the guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Grizz review  Great little piece of leather. Does what I want it to do and does not hurt my guitar. Thank you overallrating 5   lineend
name Hagen LeBray review I like using these strap ties far more than I do tying a strap to the neck.  They are a great idea.  I found the button on the strap somewhat difficult to install the strap, but eventually got it on.  I have two of these, and I use them.  I'd definitely recommend them to anyone who doesn't like tying on their guitar straps. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jeffrey review If you do not want to have a hole drilled in your new Martin guitar, this is a must have product. I didn't want to have a hole drilled in a new Martin guitar, so this worked fine wit the Martin leather straps. Actually I bought two of them..... It is a 5-star product. overallrating 5   lineend
name nailman review this is a great item.and works as reported.It seemed to be in my fretting hands way a little,but its ok overallrating 4   lineend
name Roger M. Bates review I received this yesterday in my order.  It fits on my guitar fine, but I can't seem to get my guitar strap affixed to the head stock strap.  The button is so rounded and smooth, that my guitar strap just won't go over the top of the button.  Not sure what to do now. overallrating 4   lineend
name S. Stewart Pope review This is an attractive leather head stock strap.  The leather is very soft and flexible. I would love to have an entire guitar strap made from the same leather. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bill Henry review I have other capos and decided to try this one, and I have to say I love it! I have used the Kyser (spelling?) for years as my favorite, and that is a good capo - but I will say that this one is more sturdy and seems to be even stronger on the strings with no buzz. I will have to update this in a few months to see how it holds up - but I love it so far.I use it on my Taylor 910ce, Taylor 718e and my Epiphone Anniv accoustic. overallrating 5   lineend
name kgbak review I bought this due to the constant problem of getting that awful out-of-tune twang with my previous Planet Waves capo when I would try to reset the capo on a different fret.  Planet Waves capos are awesome, don't get me wrong but this one is specialized for acoustic and works wonderfully. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael J. Sammut review First let's get the easy stuff done with.  This capo is beautiful,  It is clean with an even silver matte finish that looks good in the box (nice packaging) and equally good on the guitar.The capo is solid, the spring mechanism feels good in the hand and when it clamps down on the neck you can see (and hear) there was thought put into the capo to make sure the pressure on the string is even and the neck is well protected. No sharp points to damage the guitar.  And this thing is easy to use, squeeze, put on neck, done.  You could easily move this during a gig and then store it on the edge of your neck when not using it.  I tried this on my acoustics and electric and was happy with both.  When playing the strings behave as normal.  No odd muting or dropouts.  The capo is solid on the neck.I have to say I have not used a capo in a while because the one I have is pain.  With this new capo I am happy to use it.  This thing is great!  Easy to use, efficient, sturdy, looks nice and SOUNDS GREAT! overallrating 5   lineend
name Samuel Paul review Good spring action, made pretty solid. No buzzing on the strings when I put it on. The lifetime warranty is what I am stoked about I will probably buy two more for my other guitars. Highly recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Y. Xu review Fit perfect to my Taylor T5 and no cons I can find so far. If you want a capo for guitar, this one is the one stop shopping for you. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrea Polk review I received these TASCAM headphones as part of the Amazon Vine review program.  I was excited to receive them, as I've looked at them many times and considered ordering due to the reasonable price point and 'professional grade' designation.I'm not an audiophile, nor am I snob about audio devices.  Any brand that works well at the right price, I'll buy it.  That being said, I've recently been fortunate enough to get to try out lots of headphones, with theBose AE2w Bluetooth Headphones - Blackbeing the most recent.Obviously the Bose beat the TASCAM ones, so it would be unfair to compare them other than to say that 'sound wise' you can really tell a difference in the mid and high range.  These TASCAM TH-2000-R 'Professional Grade' Headphones don't sound clear to me in the mid and high ranges.  Bass is great, but even when tweaking the equalizer settings I never could find the clarity I was seeking in the full range.I listened to several genres: Classical, Blues, Pop, Rock, Electronic, Country, and Latino with these headphones.  Each time, the quality was good, but not great despite attempted software and device adjustments on my iPhone, PC andYamaha RX-V675 7.2 Channel Network 3D AV Receiver with Airplay (Black).The fit of the headphones is big for me.  Usually, they are too small.  Having them as small as I could make them (top of my head to ears), the cups still dropped down a bit lower than I liked. I had to hold them in place to get a solid fit.  The padding underneath the headpiece is minimal, and after about 15 minutes of use the top of my head hurt.The build quality of these phones appears to be excellent. The cord is thick and can be extended to an estimated 6'.  The screw on adapter: 1/8(3.5mm) to 1/4(6.3mm) allows for use with multiple devices, stereo components and sound boards.  The foldable design does allow for some size reduction, but not much.These headphones will appeal to those who like heavy bass.  Great for those who want the chunky headset look, are on the go DJing, and/or have larger heads.They are not for those looking for a wide range and subtlety in their listening.  They're also not for those with smaller heads. overallrating 3   lineend
name Bookenator review These headphones are almost perfect. The sound is great, good balance between highs and lows. They are comfortable too as far as ear pads go. The only problem is the size. These are for people with big heads, or who wear headphones over a hat, or who are buying headphones for their pet grizzly bear. Maybe all the people at Tascam have really big heads. Mine is average, and these slide down because the headband is too large even at the smallest setting. So minus one star for that. Otherwise, sound quality is excellent. Comes with a 1/4 inch adapter, which is nice. Good price. overallrating 4   lineend
name frankp93 review  To describe my impressions of the TH-2000-S versus my well-used Sennheiser HD-201s I chose a few favorite reference tracks that illustrate different instrumental timbres and production values:  I like to use recordings I know well so I can quickly detect varying emphasis in frequency response and clarity.Andres Segovia - `Variations on a Spanish Folk Tune - Narvaez' from `My Favorite Spanish Encores'.In my opinion one of the finest recordings of solo classical guitar I've ever heard, both for the performance and the sheer beauty of sound.  The distinguishing points of this opening piece are the bass notes that Segovia's arrangement of the original vihuela-texture really emphasize. For me there's a difference between bass presence and bass clarity: I'll gladly trade less `oomph' in the gut for the kind of definition the Tascam's bring out:  warm, well-defined, with a crisp and clear treble edge. The Sennheisers, while equally balanced, were far muddier and less defined at the low end with less presence and sparkle on top. They were also considerably quieter and this applies across the board - the TH-2000-S just puts out a lot more sound at similar volume settings.Jeff Beck `You Know What I Mean' from `Blow By Blow'.The George Martin production remains for me one of the most colorful instrumental electric guitar records ever made.  The clean separation and space in the mix between guitar, electric piano, clavinet, bass and drums is always a joy to hear on a good sound system. The TH-2000s again demonstrated more punch in the mids and bottom end than the Sennheisers and overall more presence. It's a 24-bit recording and this is the first time I can honestly say I hear the difference - like being there in the control room, seriously. There's a greyness to the Sennheisers that frankly never bothered me before, but after hearing the Tascam phones, I doubt I'll ever be satisfied with less again.Stravinsky Violin Concerto - Anne Sophie Mutter from `Mutter Modern'.The words I keep coming back to are `presence' and `clarity'. I can hear string attacks, counter voices in woodwinds and an increase in overall spaciousness with the TH-2000-S that I simply don't hear with the Sennheiser phones.As far as craftsmanship, the TH-2000-S weighs more than my other phones and much of that weight is in the band rather than the cups. The sliding cup adjustment is easy to move yet ratcheted to stay in place securely when removing the phones casually. The cup mounts are really well-designed and allow fine-grained 4-way rotation that guarantees a snug fit regardless of the size and shape of your head and ears. I like the balanced feel and snug fit on my admittedly large head. The 2-3\" cushion along the inside of the band and in particular the adds comfort.The cord is a hybrid - the 2-3' closest to the phones is flat 1/8\" diameter, well-insulated 'matte-finish' and flexible. Beyond that there's another foot of coiled wire that will comfortably expand another 3-4 feet.  I think it's a nice compromise that's probably biased towards most users sitting fairly close to an output jack - you can avoid having to deal with excess cord unless you need to.As we get older our hearing changes: for most people it's a decrease in high-frequency response but it also occur across the entire spectrum.  Simply listening louder isn't always the best solution and it can be a tremendous ear-opening experience to try a pair of better quality headphones. I'd encourage anyone excited by quality sound to experiment and these Tascam TH-2000-S are a good place to start. overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  The TASCAM TH-2000 headphones are like putting a pair of studio monitors on your ears! They are great! Excellent bass response (not muddy at all), tight mids, and clear highs. To boot, they are extremely comfortable as well. The foam fits nicely around your ears, conforming to the contours of your face. They are adjustable, so if you have a huge head you can still wear these. The only drawback that I can see, and I don't really even consider this a negative, is the coiled cord. Some people may not like that. All in all these are great headphones - I have listened to all varieties of music with them, monitored recordings with them, etc... excellent! By the way, they also are pretty good at cancelling extraneous noise in the background, making the music come out clearer. Kudos to Tascam for making such good headphones!May 12, 2014 UPDATE  These headphones quit working after just a few months of working properly. I have a couple pair of inexpensive behringers that have lasted through more abuse and are still working. What a disappointment!!! overallrating 2   lineend
name TheTerrorBeyond review These headphones really seem to be built pretty well, so it is with some regret that I have to report that I don't like them.The sound reproduction is not flat, and it has a distinct bass heaviness that I can't use when recording or mixing.  In addition to the bass-heavy delivery, there seems to be a dip in the upper mids, a boost in the low mids, and a rolling off of the high end.  This just doesn't work for me in the studio.  The overall size of the headphones is large and they won't fit well for people with smaller heads.  I had some people try them on and they all stated that the earpieces went down too far and didn't fit on their ears properly.  I checked to make sure that they were retracted to their smallest size and they were.This is a shame, as TASCAM make some fine products and are a good name.  I have owned four DA-88 recorders, many field recorders, and three different portable recorders from them, all of which have been great. I am certainly not saying anything bad about the company, but their headphones are just put out there to be low-priced headphones that are not suited to a professional studio.I have used theSony MDR7506 Professional Large Diaphragm Headphone [Electronics] for decades now and I still recommend them.  I have had the same pairs for over 20 years and they are all still going strong, barring replacing the ear padding.  The Sony headphones do not cost a tremendous amount more, and they are worth every penny if you are doing studio work.I would also recommend theAKG K 240 MK II Stereo Studio HeadphonesorAKG K 240 Semi-Open Studio Headphonesover the TASCAM reviewed here.  The AKG perform much better when you are using a headphone amplifier though, so that would need to be taken into account. overallrating 3   lineend
name ac0214 review I was doubtful this would work but it will give you a fairly accurate reading of all six strings at once.  I do like that the volume is reduced when you switch it on.  The only issue I have noticed is that some strings it will read as slightly out of tune (1 red bar) but when you go to individually tune it you sometimes fine it is not flat.  So for me it is a quick check while I am in between songs, anything with 2 bars or more will get more attention. overallrating 4   lineend
name auyanetjl review This thing rocks! Best quality than polytune  1, lighter and best switch. Brighter screen. Simply the best for fast tuning overallrating 5   lineend
name Christopolis79 review I had just purchased a Polytune about 6 months to 1 year ago, and was a little annoyed when I saw ads for the Polytune 2.  Mine was still brand new to me and worked really well.  But after reading and watching about the improvements in this update I decided to take the hit, sell mine for a loss of $20 and get the new one.  A GREAT choice.  This Polytune 2 is amazing - bright, accurate (strobe option), well built...did I say bright?...improved foot switch... It's just another example of TC hitting it out of the park yet again.  Highly recommend getting one of these, you know, unless you want to grab a 1st gen for a deal... ;) overallrating 5   lineend
name Sam review I personally went with the pitch black pedal tuner. The reason why is the LED lights on these guys are small and harder to see onstage. The pitch black is nice and bold and bright. One reason why i almost got this thought is the ability to tune all strings at the same time. So its a give and take issue. overallrating 3   lineend
name Victor Hugo review This pedal is great help on stage. It's fast and accurate, and with polytune &#34;option&#34; you can easily find which string is out of tune. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Blackburn review First off this is a overdrive pedal with a MOSFET circuit engineered to sound like overdriven tube distortion. The pedal is very good at this. There are a lot of tones available but fully cranked through a large amp, this is on par with the warm tone of another EHX pedal, the Big Muff Fuzz. The tone function is kindof useless to me I like to keep it on, With the switch turned on the effect is a little too harsh. Don't let that keep you from checking this hot rod out. I love mine. Its a keeper. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ken Yo review This thing is amazing. Love the sound It produces.Well made, like a tank. Real quality.Expect to be using this without any problems for a long long time. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Ray review Tone is subjective and 3 stars means it just OK to me.  It does need a hot signal going in to sound good, so use a boost in front of it or hot pickups.  The distortion is fuzzy, but not fuzz, almost like a fuzzy static.  The EQ switch that removes the tone circuit causes the pedal to become really dark so I always have the tone in the circuit. I used it with a vintage Vibrolux Reverb. This is not my go to pedal or my go to second pedal.  I am still trying to figure out how to use it so it sounds good to me.  It is made well. For the money I am not mad I tried it. overallrating 3   lineend
name StormJH1 review The EXH Hot Tubes compact pedal offers a very unique sound and is difficult to review from an objective standpoint.  I had no knowledge of or experience with the original full-sized Hot Tubes pedal from the late 1970's.  And, frankly, many of the reviews I read online about both the original and the reissue were less than flattering.  I think part of that hatred comes from the fact that you have an analog pedal without actual tubes that claims (both in the name of the device and in the artwork on the casing) to sound like an overdriven tube amplifier.  Really, though, if you think about it, doesn't EVERY overdrive pedal (including the venerable Tubescreamer) make that same claim?When I plugged into the Hot Tubes, I was surprised, but immediately intrigued.  I actually ended up purchasing this over the excellent East River Drive, which was very good, but also a very &#34;familiar&#34; sounding clone of a TS-808.  What the Hot Tubes does is anything but &#34;familiar&#34; from an affordable OD pedal.This pedal has a significant amount of output, and (unlike many other overdrives) it has considerable low end.  In fact, it likely even adds bass to your sound.  There is a tone circuit bypass switch that I do not fully understand.  Basically, with the switch off, there is no tone control, and they advertise this sound as &#34;powerful&#34; and touch-responsive. Since the pedal trends to the darker side of things, however, I actually left it in the &#34;on&#34; position and worked the tone from the 12:00 to 1:30 settings.The gain structure is as bizarre as it is unique, though it actually starts to make sense if you think about how gain responds on an actual vintage tube amp.  From the 7:00 (0%) setting up to around 12:00, your tone basically remains clean, provided you started with a clean signal.  My setup was a Strat into a Fender Super Champ X2, which is a tube/hybrid amp with a great clean &#34;Blackface&#34; setting.  However, the Hot Tubes completely transforms that tone.  That setting on my amp is normally bright with some great upper end chime, but the Hot Tubes offered a thick, smokey tone that was mostly clean, with maybe a bit of muffled grit mixed into it.As you start get past 12:00 on the overdrive knob, the amount of gain increases exponentially.  At this point, the pedal behaves more like an overdrive, though the gain is almost fuzz-like.  Some people have described it as a &#34;Jack White&#34; type of sound, but I'll really leave it to individual users to decide if they &#34;like&#34; it or not.There are aspects of this pedal you could be objectively critical about.  First, I want to make clear that this is a DARK, bassy pedal.  In that respect, it is completely different from the EXH Soul Food and East River Drive, both of which have some measure of bass drop.  The tone circuit only helps to open up the tone a slight bit, but it could do more.  I do not believe this is the type of overdrive you would stack with - it might actually benefit from a brighter overdrive stacking INTO it.  If your rig is already on the dark or muffled side, you may want to stay away from this pedal.  That being said, I would definitely recommend &#34;try before buy&#34; with this one because it is different in hard-to-describe ways.For now, my rating is 5 stars - solid EHX construction, very compact, accessible 9V jack (on the top where it I like it), and a unique overdrive sound at an affordable price that doesn't sound at all like the other overdrives I have.  It certainly won't be for everybody, but so far, I like what I hear. overallrating 5   lineend
name synthezatory review THIS is truly the bestest bangest for your buckest! I've tried dozens of od pedals in the past, (I hate this term) boutiques and non boutiques before I finally stick with SS/BS Mini OD as my always-on pedal cos that thing is a supersonic bad ass since it could cover my needs on clean boost, edge-of-breakup \"clean\" sound, distortion, or even a messed up broken speaker fuzz tonez.. only with your guitar volume knob! (please note that you'll need to have a treble bleed circuit to do this)Okay back to this EHX, I'm kinda tired of messing around with guitar volume knob on the mini so I bought this Hot Tubes as my \"clean\" breakup sound so that I could hit it hard with a cranked up Mini OD. And this, my friend.. JESUS APPROVED! The point is, this pedal's so great and has a great range of dirt.. also works awesome with your guitar vol knob as well for the gain range. It's literally like an overdrive coming from a tube amps. I can be really fussy about od pedals but this one is a keeper!PS: Look at the price.. do you really have to overthink on getting this pedal? Just get it, try it, and see if you like it, jeez! :-) overallrating 5   lineend
name Charlo review This thing is incredibly cool.  Double the record time of the closest competitor- the TC Ditto- and about twenty bucks cheaper.  Your loop can be as long as 10 minutes, with unlimited over-dubbing.  This pedal sold out in about a day on most of the big retailers- likely due to pre-order obligations and a delayed release.  It was worth the wait.  You can add layer after layer of sound to build a wall of music.  It's a really cool tool for jamming, performing, or composing.  Operation is simple- press once to record.  Press again and it begins playback.  Press a third time to dub on top of your last layer.  If you make a mistake, press and hold- it will erase your last dub.  Tap twice to stop play of the loop.  Press and hold while stopped and you will erase the whole thing.  Switch is a soft switch, so there is no click.  It is very responsive to pressure.  There is a single knob to control the volume of the loop.  Nicely done, Digitech ;) overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Rowland review  , these little guys are hard to find and keep selling out quickly.  I was lucky enough to get my hands on one early.  I almost purchased the very nice Ditto Looper when I started looking for a small and simple looper pedal.  The Ditto is great and should be considered if you are in the market for a tiny looper pedal that does nothing but loop well and at an affordable price.  That said, the Digitech Express XT is a little better.  Both work well but the Digitech has a few more features in almost as small of a foot print.  Here are those features.  The Digitech takes batteries or a power adapter, is cheaper than the Ditto, has 5 more minutes of looping memory, can be daisy chained to other Digitech loopers for multi-tracking and they synch, has LED lights so you know where you are, and it has stereo in/out.  None of these are deal breakers alone but together and currently for 30 bucks less, the Digitech Express XT is the clear winner IMHO if you can find one to buy. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick from Westport, MA review Sound quality is great. I also have the very first JamMan with the add on 3 button footswitch.  I wanted a smaller footprint so I purchased this.  Don't expect to run out and use it at a gig without practice though.  In a band setting, your time has to be spot on when you are hitting to record, stop and playback.  Slightly more difficult than the BIG JamMan Looper but very usable.  This blows away the Ditto pedal by another manufacturer......I had that one first and it is horrible to use....sold it.I am happy with it and use it live in a 3 and 4 piece band situation to cover rhythm parts when I am soloing and for harmonized double lead passages.  Excellent quality.  It has a lot of great syncing features but I do not use those.  Find a youtube video to see all of its potential.  Best looper for the money. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ryan C. Morris review this is a simple loop effects pedal which makes awesome quality loops and unlimited dubs.  you can jam for hours with this thing, it's awesome. overallrating 5   lineend
name Twiddly Diddly review I purchased this pedal at a local music store for practice and possibly doing some loops at open mics with my Roland GR55 (which has a flawless basic looper built in, but only 20 seconds record and no undo). I had hoped that it would at least last one hour on with a battery so that I wouldn't need to carry a power adapter along.The factory battery lasted about 1 hour. The second brand new fresh Duracell battery lasted about 20 minutes. I started recording a loop with another (3rd) fresh battery (tested 9.10 v with a multimeter) and the unit started behaving erratically after a few seconds of recording, suggesting that it was faulty. The lights started coming on and off randomly (record/undo/all three together, then off, then undo on, then all three on etc. etc.)The first time I used the JamMan XT (with the factory battery) it seemed to be working OK and all I can say is that as a basic looper it sucked.I am used to synching loops with other loopers and timing is everything, so I know it was not my poor technique. The main problem was that it didn't matter how hard I tried (even if I did a manual fade out) there was always a gap of about 2 seconds between the end of the loop and the start. This makes the unit useless.Also, it is poorly conceived in that, to replace the battery you have to take out 2 screws... exposing the delicate printed circuit board.The potential for damage here is very high. Also, replacing the screws needs to be done very carefully to avoid cross threading the screws and messing up the receiver nuts which are mounted directly onto the circuit board. To save a few dollars Digitech did not have the foresight to manufacture the unit with a battery box which would have protected the electronics and possible (read INEVITABLE) damage.I have owned quite a few Digitech products over the years and generally they are well thought out and well constructed but they have really dropped the ball on this one.It's going back to the store where I purchased it. overallrating 1   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  remember those little sticky gummi hand things that you used to get out of the quarter machine at the grocery store?Sticky Hands - 12 per unitThese are kinda like that, but a little thicker and shaped into blue rectangles that are approximately 1\" x 2\".you can stick them to any part of your drum head to dampen sound as needed. They even work on cymbals if you're looking for a quicker decay!The closer to the center (or more pads you use), the more dramatic the effect. You can also cut them to get more pieces out of them if needed. If you drop them or they end up getting too dirty to stick to anything, you can wash them in the sink with dish soap and air dry them.I've been using them for years and they work amazingly! overallrating 5   lineend
name John Wade Long Jr. review  I really wanted to like these, but they're a frickin, lint-catching sticky frickin' mess! They went from my wife's snare back into the holder in a New York Minute, have never seen the light of day, and may have been thrown in the garbage. Save your money. We use a heavy stoneware coaster with a cork back to quieten her snare now. overallrating 1   lineend
name K. Meagher review  These really do work well, but it is a difficult struggle to get them separated at 1st. They stick together too well and it is hard to separate them at 1st without ripping the individual pads. I found it a little easier putting them in the fridge over night, then slowly pulling them apart. I also thought about heating them a little or perhaps adding a few drops of water. However chilling them did work well enough. That aside, these will greatly improve the way any set sounds. I've been a pro drummer for over 45 years, and have used masking tape, little cloth squares tapped down, lots of different things. There work best by far and are easily moved around depending on the room you are in and the sound you want. Great stuff. Oh and check out a drum dial to add to your tuning skills. That can help and a great drum doesn't sound so good if it isn't tuned right. overallrating 5   lineend
name Markcm review  ; a rookie drummer...I did some research before buying and found most if any negative comments were along the lines of &#34;if you tune your drums properly...these aren't needed&#34;. Well, news flash, I'm not a freaking drummer or expert drum technician with years of experience. I can tune them half decent with the torque tuner I bought (Rhythm Tech RT 7350 ) but there are several drums that still had overtones or prolonged sustain that I did not like in my tiny jam room.This moongel was so simple to apply it is a crime and I just moved them around a little to get them in a position that was both out of the way and killed the resonation I wasnt liking. So what's not to like? I love it!Cost wise, Amazon was a few $$ more than the local GC but then again, it was quick and simple.I liked it so much I bought a second. overallrating 5   lineend
name NoName review these work better than anything else I ever used to muffle drums and get out all those annoying overtones while recording, think this product came from outer space because man could not make a product so great that is so cheap that works so well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald Cross review I seem to have problem with getting it to &#34;hear&#34; low E (of all strings) but it is very compact and convenient to use. overallrating 4   lineend
name Gary Jennings review  I love these clip-on tuners. I have several but this is the first one I purchased that is a bit of a pain because there is not angle adjustment for viewing it easily. I have to move the guitar neck to see it right and that makes it inconvenient. overallrating 3   lineend
name JerryWithaJ review Added December 5:Has yet to fall off the fiddle scroll again so the 5 star rating stands without an asterisk.Added November 8:I put the star back.  I've got (another) one on one of my banjos.  It does require a teeny bit of twisting a neck (either mine or the banjo's!) to see it clearly, but the size is more convenient if you want to carry it in your pocket and there's no neck to snap.While it may have some trouble staying affixed to a fiddle's scroll, it seems firmly rooted to the banjo's headstock.    -Original November 4:This tuner has a display like the SN-8 rather than the SN-1 after which it is named. It's like any other Snark Super tight Tuner.I've taken off 1 star for two reasons:(1) I find I have to twist either my neck or my instrument uncomfortably to use it. Maybe it's just a matter of finding the right place to put it.  I'll keep trying.(2) My music partner immediately adopted it for her fiddle thinking she could leave it on all the time.  It was clamped solidly on the scroll but, to do that and have it be comfortable to read, the tuner was hanging down while playing.  Eventually it slipped off.  If it weren't kept on, this wouldn't be an issue, but that's how the advertising shows the tuner being used--clamped to a guitar headstock, hanging down. I'll report back if it doesn't happen again for a while. Even if this  is  an issue, its small square shape makes it very easy to slip into a pocket while not in use, so I still think it's worth 4 stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kevin review  The larger ones sometimes have the neck snap so I thought this might be the answer.  The answer is to treat your larger Snarks nicer cause this thing on the back of your guitar with no adjustments simple doesn't cut it.  I have to move the guitar and crane my neck to see the display.  I'm quite disappointed and it sits here with no use.  It is cheap though.  Still to me it was money out the window. overallrating 2   lineend
name S. C. Dallman review I've purchased many Snark tuners. For my young guitar students, they are the easiest for them to use. Very stable and they make tuning a joy.This new Snark is compact and is also fast, stable and easy to read. My one problem is the angle the viewing screen is in use. I have to bend my neck far back of the guitar to see it. They need to rethink the design.But overall, I like it. I'll still keep my older Snarks and continue to use this one as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name William B. Mattes review  The only reason I give this 4 instead of 5 stars is that I've noticed it's response is a little less than the original (bulky) Snark SN-1. I must admit I haven't checked out a new battery, as with my original Snark, a new battery made a big difference. But the size is something that cannot be beat (the original Snark is a little ungainly) and this tuner really fits beautifully on my Strat. I have a Boss Tu-2 stompbox tuner and am thinking of freeing up my pedal board real estate and using this instead.Overall, this is a definite buy. overallrating 4   lineend
name Yakov Hadash review This thing is TINY and does not have the breakable swivel head of the original snark. This is the only tuner you need! overallrating 5   lineend
name A Conrad review  This works well.  Has nice ergonomics, fits all of my acoustic guitars, and is easy to use.  No adjustments are required for my guitars, but it is nice to know that the options is available for this capo.This capo comes with a pick holder.  And, it is expandable with aD'Addario NS Micro Clip-On Tunerthat attaches onto the lower arm.  I do not use a pick, and I use my own tuners, so neither of these two features is applicable for my needs.This capo has moved up as one of two highly used capos for my guitars, the other one being theG7th Performance Capo.  The G7 capo goes with my Takamine New Yorker, and this Planet Waves goes on everything else.  If anyone needs to use a capo, I loan out myKyser Capo.Recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name bertrarious review  I have the original version of this capo and it works just fine as does this one.  However, it seems theu have made a slight modification which increases its value from my viewpoint.  Yhey have added a channel on the capo onto which slides a bracket which is included.  This bracket holds the NS micro tuner, of which I have 3.  I had considered anther capo which came with a tuner for certain applications.  However, now, this ingenious little bracket enables me to use a tuner in tandem or not depending on my need.  A simple modification, but bordering on genius.  The capo itdelf id wuite capable as it is a spring attached capo with a micro adjustment screw/spring which can be helpful with guitars that go sharp when a capo is employed.  Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob Feeser review  I have been playing guitar for more years than I care to admit. Okay I bought a 1966 Telecaster brand new back then. Still have it and love it. I have a lot of different guitars, mostly electric, and 4 acoustics. On my electrics I love extra light 8 gauge strings. (Only about 5% of us do) I can fly on those and do things at a pace this is a lot more difficult with heavier gauge strings. Anyhow I digress, but for a reason. Light gauge strings are subject to tuning problems if you have big fat frets like the  50&#34; found on Gibons and ESP-LTD's. When you squeeze the string to fret it, with light gauge strings it is all too easy to squeeze it all the way to the fret board. With X-Large jumbo frets that can be quite a distance making the guitar go out of tune. The cure for that is using heavier gauge strings such as 10's or more so it makes it possible to determine quite easily just where the top of the fret is without doing the full squeeze all the way to the fret board. So most capo's work with 10's and on up because there is a lot more tension on the strings. So a lot of capos can create a comfortable fit fully fretting the strings without them going into the sharp note zone.So since I use lighter gauge strings, and even 9's are subject to the same limitation, I have had a hard time finding a capo that would sit comfortably at the top of the range between the fret and the board, and still squeeze the string sufficiently so as to not create any buzz and do so without making the string too sharp. Guess what? Now I found it. I have several capos and none of them make the grade for light gauge strings except this one. To be honest with you I was surprised when it worked.Okay so here is how I put it to the test. I used the Snark headstock tuner which is a great little tuner if you know the secret to using it. I also have the Peterson HD tuner bench model which is fodder for another post with its one tenth of one cent tuning accuracy. Okay back to the explanation.With the Snark you tune the open string until the line stays in the center without wavering off to one side. The only problem is that most any headstock tuner I have seen they aren't superbly accurate. (The Peterson headstock tuner I sent back because it was acting crazy. Anyhow...) So the secret to using the Snark which I like best out of the headstock tuners I have tried is to tune the open string first, and then fret the string on let's say the 5th fret. You will occasionally find that a string in the open position registers as being in tune, even though it may be a little sharp, or a little flat, so when you strum the whole chord you will get a desire to tune it, so your ears can hear it, in order to get it spot on. There is nothing more beautiful than a perfectly tuned guitar, and nothing worse than one that is well out of tune.So by tuning the open string, and then tuning the fretted string, once both are in tune it is right on. So in the open position if by chance it is a tiny bit sharp, not enough to register on the tuner, when you fret that string, for example on the 5th fret that naturally stretches the string a little bit, making it sharper, which will now show on the Snark as a note that is too sharp. Once you balance the open string, and the fretted string you really have a wonderfully tuned instrument. You don't even need to hear it. So your audience is not listening to you tune up, yet you get it right in the sweet spot that we all love and know so well.So with that being said you can more fully understand why this D'Addario NS Artist Capo is the cat&#8217;s meow. It is the first tuner that I ever used that kept the guitar perfectly in tune after clamping it on the neck. (It is adjustable like the others are, but this one is sensitive for light gauge strings as well)You often see artists trimming up their tuning after putting on the capo; not with this one even with light gauge strings. I must admit I was surprised taking it right out of the wrapper, after going through the above tuning procedure to get the guitar spot on, that it immediately did the job just right. It wasn't even a little bit sharp.To be super critical here is another tip. When using this capo put it closer to the fret, rather than in the middle between two frets. For some reason it stretches the string less in doing so. It has to do with the tension resistance at a steeper angle right alongside of a fret, rather than farther way like in the middle between the two frets. I did get a tiny bit of sharpness when positioned between the two frets. (With 8 gauge strings)Since the two most important factors are that it is comfortable to use, not getting in the way when playing open chords and keeping the guitar in tune. The best way to use this capo is to simply clamp the strings right above the second fret for example, rather than right below the third one. Right below the third one gives you that perfect tune also, just like right above the second one does, but it keeps the capo way out of your way. As a matter of fact I am so accustomed to using the capo position to know where to finger the chords, that I sometimes make a mistake and fret them one lower than they belong. With a little practice, or not even looking at the guitar instantly corrects that. To say this quite simply is to say use this capo farther away from your hand. You just slide it down to being right above the fret below it, rather than right below the fret above it.So there it is. This Capo does the job perfectly and is light and easy to clamp. Of course if it can accurately handle 8's it will breeze through anything thicker. Out of the box it is set at its lightest setting, and that is perfect for 8's on the Telecaster I tried it on. Teles and Strats really have the same neck just with different head stocks. So it will work the same with both.So I guess I can't recommend this capo high enough since it is the ONLY one that works perfectly with super light gauge strings. My only problem is being sure to remember which guitar case it is in so I can switch it over when using a different guitar. I might get another one for a backup. overallrating 5   lineend
name E. D. Garcia review  I completely agree with &#34;JPfromOH&#34;.This Planet Waves D'Addario Artist Capo tries to be too many things and winds up doing none of them perfectly.The micro-adjusting knob for tweaking tension/pressure is nice, but I've wound up having to mess about with it repeatedly with every guitar/ukulele that I have.  (A standard tension spring might be a bit too firm, but at least it's consistent.)I also thought I'd like the curved cradle for the neck, but it winds up pushing the capo to odd positions on one of my guitars and makes it very uncomfortable to play with on my tenor ukulele. I know, I know, this isn't designed for ukuleles, but I have no such troubles with my Kyser capos.I don't understand the clip for a tuner on this thing.  I have several clip-on tuners that clip directly to the headstock. (And most are Planet Waves already!)  Why would I want to purchase a separate tuner that can only be used when I'm using the capo?  I suppose that if you have money to burn, this is a useful addition.And the pick holder is a nice touch, but... I use my fingernails so that feature is needless for me.As others have noted, there are other, better capos out there. overallrating 3   lineend
name Flaherty review For years I used Kyser capos and the handle for them always sticks out and that can be an issue. Planet Waves' NS has a smoother handle that doesn't stick out as much and i've had no issues with gripping it on or off so far. It is easy to put on and off and it holds the strings down properly. If you're looking to buy a capo i'd recommend this over a Kyser. overallrating 5   lineend
name frankp93 review  The tension screw adjustment remains the best of any capo I've ever used - and I've tried many over the years. But what was Ned smoking when he decided to have the trigger handle and main support stem, including the pick clip and tuner holder, protude outward away from the fingerboard? It's awkward to apply and remove quickly. It's visually distracting for player and audience, and it doesn't add any mechanical benefit to the already excellent tension adjustment.The only possible justification I can come up with is having less to obstruct the fretting hand behind the neck -  but even that doesn't fly. Regardless of capo tension you should position it as close to the fret as practical and, unless you're avoiding playing that first fret (or use a low-thumb classical fret hand position) you're always going to feel some part of the capo against the leading edge of your hand. I own the older Planet Waves tri-action capo and never felt that to be a problem.Otherwise the construction of the NS Artist Capo is superb. The surface is arched, probably between a 10-12 radius that works fine on various Strat fingerboards as well as a flatter SG/LP style. It doesn't work as well on the very flat 16 radius of my Martin OM-1 which is virtually the same as a classical. If I cranked the tension it's possible the rubber would flatten out but I wouldn't risk marring the neck wood.I tried both the pick and tuner clips and they're functional, but to be honest I wouldn't use either - too distracting and I only use tuners to get an initial A, then tune each guitar to itself or to other instruments, depending on what they are.The only other capo I've ever used that protudes outward is the Kyser with its notorious 'wrought iron fence' design. I have one and, as good as the holding action is, I've never felt comfortable with the design. The older Planet Waves capo is still available so it comes down to preference.To top off the confusion, the picture on the front of the cardboard card the NS Artist comes mounted on shows a similar capo positioned in a way that's impossible with this capo! overallrating 2   lineend
name G. Thomas review  I own several capos, but this is the first with an adjustable tension.  Several of my acoustic and electrics have different types of curvatures in the neck.  I picked out a couple and selected one of my other capos to match play against the NS Artist. There wasn't a whole log of tonal differences near the nut when I compared the capos, but when I compared them from the 5th fret on...there was some slight noticeable differences.  Granted, I had to readjust the tension on the NS Artist. Why readjust?  The neck's character changes slightly as you get nearer the body, and to ensure that I had just enough and not too much tension (after all that's why it's adjustable), I readjusted the tension.  The tonal differences were more noticeable when I played softly, and less when I cranked down.  All in all...not a bad capo. overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  I am a fan of Planet Waves NS capos, but this new one is not very well designed. The way it sits on the guitar is sort of backwards. I find my left hand hitting the lever when I'm in open position. Frustrating. It does have a pick holder, which can be handy, and a place to put an NS tuner, which can also be handy. I just think it could have been better designed. I don't particularly care for this capo and will likely not use it for much stuff. I'll stick to my other NS Planet Waves capo or my old faithful Kyser. overallrating 2   lineend
name Jeffrey E review  This is one of the nicer capo's Ive used.  Certainly superior to the old school band-based jobs from yesteryear.  One of the nicest features is it can be clipped on the head while not in use and then you can quickly grab, position, release and go.  Heck, you could probably place it mid-song if you were so inclined to do so.Also it clamps without bending the strings.I've used it on my Start, Les Paul and Martin all with no complaints. I hardly ever use a capo, but if I need one, I am glad to have this one. overallrating 4   lineend
name JF review  I own Dunlop, Kyser and G7th Nashville Capos.  I don't like the direction the Dunlop faces, it seems awkward.  The Kyser spring is very poplar, but I think the spring tension is too strong, making it harder to take on and off and I think it makes the strings a little sharp.  I like the G7th Nashville Capo, but the spring tension is inconsistent.  The used to be softer, maybe too soft, but the lastone I bought was almost as still as the Nashfille.  Ths Planet Waves NS Artist Capo is similar to the Kyser and Nashville Capos, but the tension is adjustable and seems to be the best of all combinations. Only downside is I think the Nashville capo looks better. overallrating 5   lineend
name JPfromOH review The Planet Waves D'Addario Artist Capo seems like a classic case of trying to do everything and not quite getting it right as a result.  The capo has a micro-adjusting knob, but it is into as consistent with acoustic guitars, such as my Seagull that have non-standard width fretboards.  The built-in pick holder is useful, but Planet Waves offers another, less &#34;Artist&#34; model that also has one.  In fact, the other Planet Waves capo I have is much more amenable to different width necks than this one.  The Artist capo also has an adapter that allows The player to attach one of those small clip-on tuners directly too  the capo.  Assuming that you don't use the capo constantly, why would you want to clip the tuner to the capo instead of to the guitar's headstock?  Check out other offerings from Planet Waves; you can do better for less than with this one. overallrating 3   lineend
name K. Harriger review  Like many modern capos, this has an unwieldy look to it that I don't like, but once I get past that, this is a top-notch capo that is as good as it gets for capos. I play several very different stringed instruments (guitar, mandolin, octave mandolin, tenor banjo and Irish bouzouki), and I like having a capo that I can use on all of them. This is ideally suited for guitar, but holds its own on all the other instruments. I particularly like that there's nothing hanging out under the bottom to get in the way. I can play right up to the capo without my left hand hitting anything on the underside of the neck.I really like that fact that it's adjustable, and this feature comes in really handy when moving it from guitar to the tenor banjo or mandolin. I also really like theMeideal MCapo10 Bronze Guitar / Banjo / Mandolin Capoas my 'all purpose' capo, and I own several of these because they're inexpensive and just a great product. But this is definitely my new guitar capo, and will replace the Meideal in my case. Great product, solidly built, and it's a bonus that you can add the Micro tuner to the bottom of it.The construction appears to be very solid, and the finish is a flat black baked-on paint (or so it appears). Might be some sort of powder-coating as well. The top bar of the capo is covered with hard black rubber, and the spring seems very strong with great tension. As noted, it will accept a D'Addario micro tuner on the bottom, and includes the bracket for mounting it. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Swanson review Always looking for that elusive perfect capo, light yet strong and dependably firm?You just found it.This is an exemplary capo. No surprise, as it's designed by Ned Steinberger, who understands what it means to strip a guitar down to the basics. It's made of serious aluminum and the spring is super-solid. The tighten feature means you can put it on your guitar and then tighten it so well that it won't come off again until you loosen it. No slippage here! This also lets you move the capo further behind the fret so it's even less in the way of your hand, a very useful feature which most other one-hand capos can't offer.It's an easy on-in-seconds design that is as slim and simple as it gets. The rubber is well-bonded and looks unlikely to pull off for years at least, unlike many cheap capos. It sits well on any six-string, though is not flat enough for a classical. But most of us use capos mainly for acoustic and maybe a bit of electric (unless you're Albert Collins, who always used one and would have loved the tightening aspect here), so this will cover all your basic capo needs.It's got a little slot for the D'Addario brand tuner, but I use a Snark and these two go together well; put on the capo, activate the tuner on the headstock, tune it up, and away you go, perfectly in tune in seconds while using a capo! If you've ever suffered onstage while switching frets with a capo, this is a godsend combo. The capo also has a little pick slot, which will comfortably take up to about a .73 mm pick. It fits .60 picks perfectly, by the way.This NS Artist Capo is well worth 20-25 bucks, and since I got it my Shubb and Kysers have sat lonely in the corner.If you haven't ever experimented with capos, try them out. They can really change the way you play your guitar, and may help you find you sing better than you think, as we all have our best keys, and a capo can help you find yours. I love playing bluegrass licks in G while capoed at the second fret, for instance. The extra zing and crisper tone make me play different licks and it's almost like another instrument. This goes for every fret, pretty much, up to about the sixth, where it gets a little cramped.All in all, this is the best capo I've ever used, especially for this quality at this price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Personne review I have to confess to a particular image that comes to mind when I think of capos.  It's the image of an earnest folkie, with mastery of C, G and D, but still struggling with the A. A good player should be comfortable in any key.  But there's still an occasional place for a capo, and that's when you need open strings in a chord.I tested this capo on several guitars, and with one exception it worked well.  Steel-string dreadnought, archtop jazz box, and Les Paul worked nicely.  Not so much on a flat fretboard classical.  The capo has a slight curve that works well on any curved neck.  But on a flat neck there's a little string buzz on the D and G strings.  While the capo's grip is good, it still needs to be fitted right behind the fret.  This means that it can get a little bit in the way for passage work. That's probably a rare problem for the intended user.All in all it's a nice little capo.  Goes on and off with no fuss and fits the majority of necks. overallrating 4   lineend
name P. MSakamoto review  This is the best capo we have (out of three). We were not unhappy with the others until we received this one.Pros:Easy to use tension adjuster that helps tune out buzz and also helps keep the guitar in tune.Easy to put on the guitar. Although the tension is good enough to press the strings down so they don't buzz, it is not so tough as to keep the fingers from compressing the string onto the fret.Nice pick holder feature.The micro adjuster is easy to adjust. It turns smoothly and is kept in place by the spring.Cons:None!This is the capo to get! overallrating 5   lineend
name Psychic Cypher review The capo is pretty good. I like the ability to customize tension. However, it is unclear which way the capo should be put on - with the &#34;pincer&#34; side facing the floor, or facing the ceiling? In either direction, it's a bit awkward to put on/take off, as the angle of the pincer is difficult to get right quickly. The Kaiser is still the best, IMO, but you can't adjust the tension on those. Overall, this is good but not great. overallrating 4   lineend
name Wilhelmina Zeitgeist review  Planet Waves NS Artist Capo is as near perfect a capo that I've ever come across. I've been a Kyser Capo gal for many, many years but, this capo has that one beat by a mile. There was absolutely new fret buzz no matter which of my guitars I tried it on or which fret I placed it on. As I strummed each string to sound was so clear. It's also very easy to open with one hand and keep it open, without any stress to your hand, until you release your grip to clamp it into place.I do believe the folks at Planet Waves have developed the best capo ever! And the price ain't so bad either. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob Feeser review  Notice in the name guitar INPUT. This is not to be confused with the Amplitube iRig which achieves input and output through the iPad/iOS devices headphone jack. Headphone connections can be noisy and have reliable connection problems. They also depend on the built in AD/DA converters in the iPad/iOS device. This Apogee Jam 96k is a professional quality INPUT device that has dedicated A/D analogue to digital converter, but depends on the built in hardware of the iPad/iOS device for playback. On the other hand &#34;Apogee One&#34; has both AD and DA convertors for both input and output.Amplitube iRig from IK Multimedia has a simple stereo headphone in and out jack plug that plugs into your iPad. The built in hardware in the iPad is something that I love for doing something like watching a movie cozying up to the 10 inch screen, but for audio-phile quality you need a dedicated a dedicated pre and AD convertor and that is what this Apogee Jam 96k has. Mind you it has that for audio recording input, but playback is handled via your headphone jack on your iPad. You can of course just use that for monitoring your mix, and then save the file in a digital format internally, and send to a playback device with pristine digital audio quality; e.g. saving as a .Wav file. This makes the Apogee 96k Jam a very usable device to achieve high quality recordings at a very nice price.So here it the continuum. Amplitube iRig for headphone jack input and output quality built into your iPad etc. The Apogee Jam 96k for digital quality conversion on input only with playback being handled by headphone jack on iPad. The Apogee One on the other hand at roughly 3 times the price gives you both AD/DA conversions so it has its own audio output jack plus 2 tracks of recording either 1/4&#34; instrument and/or a balanced external microphone jack. It also comes with a built in condenser mic that is pretty amazing. It also has 48 volt phantom power for using your favorite condenser mic. When you get into the Apogee Duet and Quartet you get more connections, plus the all too important option of MIDI connectivity. overallrating 5   lineend
name E. D. Garcia review  So, first up:  I've been using Macs to record music since the G4 Cube... yeah, go look that up.  Anyway, I know my way around audio recording on Apple devices.And then: yeah, this thing looks kind of cheesy or flimsy...BUT: I haven't encountered anything so Plug & Play simple as the Apogee JAM 96k since Gefen introduced the iMic.  Just plug in the USB or Lightning cable, plug in your instrument and GO.Also, it's not flimsy.  It is made of plastic, but the thing has a bit of heft to it and survived a tumble to the floor from my desk.It pulls power from your machine, so no worries about some adapter introducing hum to your recordings. This also helps those of us using electric guitars that don't have extra-wound humbuckers.I tested the Apogee JAM on a new (2014) MacBook Air, an iPhone 5, and a 2013 iPad Mini.  Garageband instantly knew what was going on, but ProTools did need a bit of coaching.A small device that doesn't color input sound and doesn't get in the way... just what I needed! overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  The apogee Jam works great and it sounds great. The operation is very simple: you plug in your guitar and plug in to your Mac or ios device. I have mine hooked up to my MacBook, running Garage Band. If there is any latency I can't hear it. It works beautifully. Apogee is known for making good music products and this Jam is no exception. I was able to plug in a microphone (line level) into this as well and record my vocals. Likewise, it worked well with my 4-string bass as well. I was able to record a whole song in no time. For a simple audio interface, this is affordable and dependable. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Swanson review 4.6 starsMy main concern with adapters like this is sound quality. The A/D is often weak, and there is sometimes too much latency for it to be useful for multi-tracking. Apogee covers both areas well with this little puppy; the A/D is quite smooth, and it transfers the signal near perfectly. And little it is, not much bigger than the jack. If Bon Scott only knew...But small though it may be, there's plenty of signal processing power in there, and while it doesn't stand up my best outboard gear, it offers very clean, clear sound transfers from guitar, bass, keys and line mics, so that you can do good-sounding entire tunes on your laptop with only the JAM as interface. Which is yet another step forward in high-quality home recordings. I like the thought that we're getting closer to folks releasing things entirely by themselves on their own sites, and not paying Crapple a huge chunk of profits for merely hosting a file. Record companies and file hosts are increasingly anachronistic due to tech like this JAM, and maybe soon enough we'll see artists keeping ALL of the profits from their art. Imagine that!This offers very close to studio quality, but keep in mind that even with 24-bit it is solid state. Once you've used a good tube preamp you know what a difference in warmth in can make. I ran this through one of mine and the A/B made it very obvious that old school studio gear still has its place.Speaking of Crapple, the ads for this suggest that it is for iStuff only, which is not true. I ran it on 7 Ultimate and it worked a charm, so don't be fooled by the typically proprietary ads, which Cook and co. probably insist on: &#34;Don't mention anybody but us! Offer no alternatives! They must stay in our universe!&#34; Well, you needn't, this works with almost anything, so don't be fooled by the ad copy.The only negative I can find is that it is a little chintzy in outer build, making one wonder how good the internals are, and how long they'll hold up. A stronger, more solid sleeve would have been nice, especially at the price of 130. But it does sound good, though as it may be used for portable purposes, you might want to wrap it for transport in a little hand towel or such to make sure shocks don't mess with it. Take care of your recording equipment and it will take care of your music! overallrating 5   lineend
name Loveguitar review This will work with my daughter's iPod Touch generation 4.  However, the \"Garage Band\" app is for iOS 7, and hers is an iOS 6.1 and will not update to 7.  So, though she can't use Garage Band, there are others that are supposed to work.  She downloaded the Ampkit app and it works great with her iPod and the Apogee Jam.Here is a list of other apps that are supposed to work with the Apogee Jam:AmpkitAmpliTube (version 2.5 or greater)Amps & CabsAnytuneApple GarageBandAudio Deck ProfessionalBias iProRecorderEveryDay LooperFairlight SamplerFantastocrats StudioMiniGibson's L&M;Hindenburg Field RecorderiAnalyzeriMovieiRecorder ProiShred LiveJamUpLoopyMcDSP Retro RecorderMultitrack DAWNano Studio (TRG-16 pad sampling)PocketAmpPocketGKReap DFXRiot FXRock Prodigy: GuitarScratchTonesSonoma FourTrackSonoma GuitarToneStudio Devil Guitar AmpTaylor EQVocaLive (version 1.5 or greater)Voice MemosXewton Music Studio 2 It's a pretty cool idea, but the cords are a nuisance.  Most electric guitar players like to stand while playing, and the cords need some managing to keep them out of the way and not have them pull out of their connections.  I was surprised at how small the JAM is.....slightly bigger than a Bic cigarette lighter.  Using this is much more convenient than lugging an amp around, and it saves on other's ears and nerves if they can only hear the acoustic playing of the guitar strings, especially if you are beginner guitarist!Overall pretty good, and very simple to operate.  Just make sure you have a full charge on the device of your choice.  My daughter also used it to record her playing and said that was easy to do. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael J. Edelman review I've been recording on my iMac, iPod Touch, iPad, and iPhone for some time, using Garage Band. Interfacing with the iMac is easy, using various USB devices- I'm currently using a USB-equipped Alesis preamp. iOS device interface is a bit more difficult; it is possible to use USB preamps, with an externally powered USB hub, but that starts getting very complicated and messy.  I've been using simple devices like the 1K that  split the headphone/microphone jack into two separate cords, one for headphone, and one for guitar. The problem with this sort of configuration is that it's very easy to overload the microphone input, and the recording quality done this way is not very good. The Apogee JAM is a big improvement over this method for a number of reasons. First, it contains its own dedicated preamp and A/D, and because of that it delivers a wide dynamic range and excellent fidelity. Interface issues are non-existent; plugged into both the iPad and iPhone it was immediately recognized. I didn't have any problems with either of the three supplied cables.The JAM is significantly more expensive than the simple interfaces, but on the whole I think it's worth it. It's simple to use, has no detectable latency, and delivers excellent sound quality. It does seem to draw a fair amount of current, and battery life  is shortened significantly when using this with an iPhone. You'll want to plan on more frequent than usual recharging sessions. With the iPad, this isn't as noticeable. Even with that issue, I think the JAM is a good value.  The various iOS devices are capable of making very high quality recordings, but only with quality input. Given the cost of an new iPhone or iPad, the cost of the JAM is rather trivial in comparison. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Fabbri review  These may be my new favorite bass strings.Likes:- Bright.  I'd call them &#34;very bright&#34;, except they don't seem to have the harsh twangy tone I'd expect.  They seem bright, yet still soft.- Clear.. The lows sound present and clear.- Consistent flex.  Once I had these on for a couple of days, the tuning seemed very stable.  The tone seems to sharpen less when they are played hard, compared to my last strings.- D'Addario brand.  To me, these guys have a long history of making excellent strings.- Playability.  These feel pretty supple and effortless to work with.- Price. I feel like I should be paying more for these strings.Technology:- New design. &#34;Textured round&#34;.  This is a round-wound string with a hex-shaped core.Overall, love these.  Especially for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name David Basham review This is the perfect fit for all my basses. I have two Ibanez and two Essex basses. They recommend the light top medium bottom string gauge. I play fingerstyle and they feel great. They have corrosion resistant packaging and since corrosion is what kills your strings the longer you can keep it at bay the better. They are made in  the USA and they use recycled packaging. I cannot attest to their lifespan but the package says long life so we will concede that point. overallrating 5   lineend
name Flaherty review I'm mainly a guitarist but I do play bass from time to time on an old Fender American. These strings are very bright in a good way with a clear, smooth sound. I love the tone you get out of these, very bluesy and the punch isn't too rough it's just right. I'm a huge fan of D'Addario, been using their strings for at least 4 years and they never disappoint. Give these a try if you're looking for some new strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name frankp93 review  I put the set on my Squire Jazz Bass with threaded bridge rollers. If you don't like loading up the tuners, trim a few inches off the leads; they're about 8-9 inches and have no cloth covering like Fenders. I usually play medium gauge flatwounds on this bass and the FlexSteels have overall less tension. I let out the truss rod a half turn to eliminate buzzing (yeah, ironic for a set designed for slapping).Gave them a good stretch and they're holding pitch well. I find the windings on the FlexSteels more comfortable than Rotosounds - at least comparing new-to-new. That helps when playing more horizontally with a lot of position shifting.Overall I'm more into jazz and classic prog than slapping and there's plenty of 'piano low-end sproing' (Squire, Lake and Ray Bennett fans will feel right at home, fingers or pick). The set is so bright-sounding in fact I had to roll a considerable amount off.The label says 'Light Top/Medium Bottom' (45-65-85-105): I found the gauge balance between the low E-A and the high D-G a little more pronounced than I'd like, but not outright uncomfortable. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jason Whitt review  I've been using D' Addario strings for 20+ years to great satisfaction.  These flex steels are excellent.  Bass tones, response and resonance are superior to my ear.  You can't go wrong with these guys. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Swanson review I play guitar and bass, but the gitpicker in me envies full-time bassists because they almost never break strings, and bass strings hold their tone far longer than guitar strings. The price has also come down to where you can spend well under a hundred bucks a year on strings and always have fresh tone rich with harmonics. You don't know how good you've got it! And these D'Ad's are very good all-round strings, though they make a lot more noise than flatwounds and even \"normal\" nickel wound, so they're not for sloppy fingers.Very nice for funky players and those who want more definition and edge, these FlexSteels ring nicely and I like that the bottom E is a tad thicker at 105 than the usual light set's 100. Because these are pretty bright, that extra oomph is nice. And I'm a big believer that the amp can fix string issues much more easily with bass than guitar, so merely dialing out a little treble or even rolling off the volume a bit on your bass will take care of that. But if you're popping and slapping, these come through loud and clear. I really like the feel of the low E when I thumb pop with these.I play a P-bass with my index, middle and thumb, and these punch nicely at that scale length. The pickups also like them, and they get plenty loud, with full definition and plenty of top end, but not brittle. With a Trace Elliot or other high-def amp, these would be very unforgiving for all but the most exact players. I bet Marcus would kill with them.I think these are perfect for funk, and excellent for almost all rock styles. Obviously flats are better for jazz, but these make a good all-around string and for less than 20 clams they're a great deal. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lucy Cat review  A great set of bass strings with all the right features:- Perfect balance of bright/punch and warmth- Right, deep tones- Great feel and playability- Stable tuning- &#8220;Textured round&#8221; design with hexagonal core shape- Durable- Easy to stringMy father uses D&#8217;Addario on his telecaster and acoustic guitars, which originally prompted me to choose D&#8217;Addario for my Fender Jazz bass.  I can say that the brands&#8217; reputation carries over to bass&#8212;these are phenomenal strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael J. Edelman review I've been using D'Addario XL nickel wounds on my P-Bass for a long time. They have a lot of tone, they seem to last a long time, and they're not very expensive. These strings have the same feel as the nickel wounds, but are a lot brighter You get lots of overtones and high end from these. The choice of gauges is a little different from the regular XLs, too; instead of the  85 A and the .100 E they have a  85 A and a .105 E. That's just enough to give you a slightly more solid low end, and more metal to dig into, while retaining low tension in the D and G. I'm more of an old-school player and prefer nickel for that mellower sound, but if you're into funk or more modern sounds, you may feel that the bright SS sound is for you, and if so, these are a great string. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael L. Knapp review I installed these on a Fender Jazz bass with active electronics. After stringing them up & tuning I immediately noticed how really sharp they sounded. I play finger style and they really added a clear definition to each note played. They sounded great all up & down the fret board. Where I really noticed the difference was in recording. Been working on a new batch of songs and a the bass to the songs on the recordings made after these strings is noticeably superior to the ones made before. Except for the songs with acoustic bass I will be going back and re recording the bass parts to the songs made before I installed these strings. I  don't play slap or pick bass so I can't say how well they work for those styles but for my purpose they come very highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name N. Caruso review  I have to admit this up front - I'm a terrible bass player. I play guitar and keep a bass in the music room for times when I have friend over to jam. I do dabble with the bass, but I'm not proficient with it. That being said; I really appreciate the difference these strings make in sound, playability and durability. These strings sound better and feel great to play for long periods of time. They have &#34;punch&#34; and &#34;snap&#34; which are good things to have in a bass. I haven't had them on for a real long time, but in the time I've had them they remain consistent and show absolutely no sound or metal degradation in the time they've been on my Fender MIM Jazz bass. When I need another set, I'll buy these! overallrating 5   lineend
name Otto Correct review These are some bright strings!I play with a pick and mostly stay in the realm of rock 'n' roll, so no comments on the slapping and popping claims the packaging makes, but there are plenty of great rock tones to be found.  Heck, crank the amp and dig in with a pick and these would be great strings for any Motorhead covers you're planning on playing!  Good bright steel tone, not anywhere near as harsh on your fingertips (or frets!) as Rotosounds, and they're only a Jackson, not a bad string! overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Fabbri review   with more experience as I play on these strings over the next week. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  My daughter is learning how to play and the .11 - .48 string set on my strat are giving her a literal pain.I put a set of the D'Addario NYXY0942 strings on my backup guitar and tuned it up. Usually, I've had issues when bringing some brands of strings up to pitch, but the D'Addario's seemed to do a much better job. I nearly always stress the higher pitch strings a bit before bringing them up to their final pitch and they stabilized quickly. The wound strings also seem quite stable. Frequently, it takes up to a couple of days for some strings to settle in, but I've seen no such issues with the D'Addario's.I usually use thicker strings on my guitars to get a fatter tone, but I was impressed by the sound of these in spite of them being much thinner than I usually like.My daughter is also very happy with them since they're not quite so tough on her fingers. overallrating 4   lineend
name angelfood review Put these on my G&L; S500 electric. Sound great, play great, keeping their tune. None broken yet, but I don't usually break strings. I play at home for pleasure and recording, not out hitting the clubs. Blues, blues slide, rock, metal.I use D'Addario strings a lot. I try others but always come back to them. These will probably be my go to strings on electric guitar from now on. I really like them. overallrating 5   lineend
name bertrarious review  I usually don't use anything lighter than 10s because I think the tone starts to get thin on both the highs or the lows.  I had already tried these in the 10 gauge size, and when these were offered via the Vine program, I thought what the heck.  I have a guitar which I believe the tension is always high and tried these on that instrument.  They do seem to help the string tension issue and the low end sounds (to these 62 year old ears) quite comparable to the 10s.  However, I do think there is still a thinning of the high end, but that's subjective.  I gave the 10s a 5 rating, and, realistically, I would give these 4.5 id I could.  If you're into 9 gauge strings I recommend these, but I'll stick with 10s and 11s. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bob Feeser review  s these are the one to have. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bookenator review I normally get Elixir strings, but these sounded too good to pass up. They are indeed some high tech strings, with features including break resistance and improved tuning stability. Plus they feel and sound good. So grab a pack and get jamming. You'll definitely want to check these out. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bryan Barrow review At about twice the price of their standard strings, These D'Addario NYXL strings make lots of enticing claims about tuning stability, higher breaking point, and something called &#34;fusion twist&#34; (which I swear is a rare Chubby Checker B-side).Having just put a set of these on one of my guitars, I can't speak to any of the claims of superiority over other strings, but I can say they are solid, dependable strings with lots of &#34;punch and crunch&#34;. overallrating 4   lineend
name coffeebrain review I ordered these for my husband the guitar player.  He loves these strings.  He said they are high quality and make his guitar sound great!  Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name David Basham review Great strings with a good feel to them. They are size 10-46 which is just right for my electric guitars. I won't know how long they last for awhile but they are a bit pricey. If they hold up well then they are loud and bright on my telecaster and I will switch if they last a long time. I don't think of these as extra lights (09-42) they are more of a light to me. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Reinstein review  I am,  primarily, an acoustic guitar player who acquired my first electric just about a year ago, a Gibson Les Paul. What I am finding is that the situation with electric guitar strings is very similar to that with acoustic guitars. Most name-brand strings are just fine, but some are markedly different than others. A few are actually a notch-above the others. These NYXLs from D'Addario are definitely in that 'notch above' category.I find them easier to play, better sounding and more reliable in holding their tuning than the six or seven others I have tried. I plan to stick with them.  A few comments about each area:Playability:These NYXLs bend easier and take less of a toll on the tips of my fretting (left) hand than do most of the others. Of course I have callouses that have been developed over the years and feel permanent - but heavy playing can still make my fingertips sore. These strings seem less 'cutting', even after a couple of hours of constant playing. THey also 'squeak' less when I slide up and down the neck.Sound:The sound is crisp and rich at the same time. Most electric guitarists who I know tend to prefer one of these qualities over the other and choose their strings accordingly. I prefer a blend of both - just as I do for my acoustic instruments.  These NYXLs provide the closest blend that I have been able to achieve of these two different but complimentary characteristics, andTuning:Tuning and re-tuning can drive a guitar player to distraction.  Even some really good sounding strings don't hold the tuning very well and even after only one brief riff, need to be adjusted by at least a quarter tone. These NYXLs are holding the tuning FAR better than the others I have used. Less time tuning = more good time playing!All-in-all, I found no flaw in these strings. There is always something new coming along and D'Addario's formulation that uses high carbon steel alloy in the manufacture of these strings seems to make a considerable and positive difference.  UNtil someone comes up with something better, I expect to stick with them! overallrating 5   lineend
name Fernando Valenzuela review I'm a long time D'Addario user. From the time I started playing I've tried most of the different brands out there and always end up back with my D'Addarios. I got the  9's to try on my Strat and the .10's to try on my LP and found that these new NYXL strings do have a little better output and stay in tune a little better but the trade off is the cost. Currently they're $11.99 on here compared to $4.99 or less for the regular version. So if you burn through a lot of strings, that may be a consideration. I don't go through strings that frequently (I'll change on each guitar every 2 to 3 months) so it's not a big concern for me. overallrating 5   lineend
name Flaherty review I've used D'Addario strings for years and they never fail me. These extra light are great for playing lead as they're easy to bend and feel great on your fingers. As they are extra light strings, they serve limited purposes but as for tone quality it is very smooth and clear. For a brand as a whole i'd recommend D'Addario strings to any guitarist and for gauge it's really dependent on play-style and role if you are in a group. overallrating 5   lineend
name frankp93 review  I usually play an .11 on top and first grabbed my digital caliper to confirm the gauge of the high E in this set &#8211; it felt heavier than a .10, but the LED doesn&#8217;t lie and it confirmed .10.I put the NYXL set on my Ibanez Artist with DiMarzio  humbuckers. I stretch new strings out of habit; I don&#8217;t like the constant slipping as they settle.  I stretch all six strings in about 4-5 segments up the neck, retune, and hope for the best.There&#8217;s no whammy bar on the Artist and, for the first few days, I did a lot of blues bending to see how they&#8217;d hold up - the NYXLs stayed in tune very solidly with only minor tweaking as to be expected with any strings.I chose a darker-sounding guitar than a single-coil Fender, hoping the supposed brightness of the NYXLs would be more noticeable. On this guitar I usually play D&#8217;Addario XLs and an Ernie Ball &#8216;pink&#8217; set on my Strat so I&#8217;ve got two points of reference.In terms of tone, from the start the NYXLs sound much closer to &#8216;broken in&#8217; than the Ernie Balls. There&#8217;s far less &#8216;new jangle&#8217; to them and, while they&#8217;re bright, they&#8217;re manageable for the kind of tone I&#8217;m after. I play jazz in a more contemporary vein &#8211; in terms of tone more Scofield and Abercrombie than Wes Montgomery and Jim Hall.  I like a rich tone with some high end but without too much &#8216;klang&#8217;.In terms of feel and tension the NYXLs are stiffer and closer to the regular XLs than to Slinkys, which is probably to be expected. But oddly, the windings of the low E-A-D remind me a bit more of the Ernie Balls than XLs, whose windings feel a bit wider.Three weeks on, with the onset of warm humid weather around here the strings are showing no rust and still sound fresh.With so many players going through modeled amps and effects it&#8217;s a fair question just how much the tonal quality of electric strings still matters &#8211; or are we headed for &#8216;virtual strings&#8217; designed mostly for durability and intonation. Will we be dialing in &#8216;new and klangy&#8217;, &#8216;broken in with worn windings, or &#8216;sweated through and rusty&#8217;.I like to believe there are enough players out there young and old still fussy about tone and the role a good set of strings plays in delivering it.  To them I&#8217;d say these are worth checking out. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Thomas review  I've been using Ernie Balls cobalt slinky light gauge because I like the feel.  I got these from the Vine, and wow, they are awesome.  They cost no more than the strings I normally get, but the tone and feel is totally different.  I can't comment on how long they'll last or keep in tune..but for now, I'm impressed.  I'll probably keep using these on my Santana PRS for awhile since I like the sound.  Every once in awhile, I'll step outside of my box...I mean.. I know the strings that I like and I tend to stick with them.  I use d'addario on my acoustic guitars, and ernie balls on my electrics..except for my strat..I like fender bullets on it.  So the sample from the Vine...sorta of nudged me..and I'm the better for it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jason Whitt review  I have used D' Addario electric guitar strings for years and have always loved their feel, playability, tone and reliability.  This set is no exception.  Light gauge for those who like to shred a little more but still great tone.  Highly recommend anything by D' Addario. overallrating 5   lineend
name LA review For a long time, I never thought much about guitar strings. I pretty much thought they were all the same.In fact, guitar strings seem to be enjoying a technological renaissance these days. D'Addario has gotten into the act with these NYXL strings, and I have to say that they are not like any other strings I've used.The feel is different, and the sound is different. Different in a WOW way. Yeah, they're more expensive, but they're worth it. I'm a cheapskate, and I can't go back to cheap strings.Now I'm spoiled, and I've become a guitar strings snob. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lucy Cat review  My father is a full-time gigging musician primarily on Steel Guitar and Telecaster.  He has been playing over 50 years and it takes a lot to get him interested in new strings.  We both use D'Addario strings almost exclusively (myself on bass guitar, and him on the electric).  These are  outstanding  strings with great durability, playability and exceptional sound.  They remain in tune for long gigs or recording sessions, they generate less fret noise than comparable strings and have a bright/crisp sound that really stands out. Well worth the extra investment.  Highly recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael L. Knapp review D'Addario has always been one of the best string manufacturers around. I've used their strings for electric & acoustic bass, electric and acoustic guitar, Irish bazouki, mandolin, Irish tenor banjo, 5 string banjo & even used their octave mandolin strings on my Serbian brach always with stellar results. When they said these were deluxe premium strings I knew it wouldn't be hype. I was right. I strung my guitar with these about 3 weeks ago & have probably played the guitar 25 or so hours at gigs and in the studio. I've never had a set of strings stay in tune over the course of 3- 45 minute sets but these did. And I was sober so it wasn't just an altered consciousness that made me believe they were still in tune. Not only that they were still completely in tune the next morning when I played it. Of course that wouldn't mean a thing if they didn't feel good on the fingers. They do. Like they were custom made for your guitar. They were on my Rickenbacker so I can't honestly tell you if they work good with a vibrato but I strongly suspect they would. Not only do they stay in tune but 3 weeks later they still sound crisp & new. I'm going to be interest to see how long they continue to sound good.  I usually change my strings every other week when I'm playing regularly so I'm already passed my regular limit. I may update this review in a month or so when I know how long they lasted. Most highly recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name N. Caruso review  I usually use Gibson Vintage Nickle Strings on my electric guitars but when I had an opportunity to try theses strings out I jumped at the chance. I put them on a Gibson Les Paul Goldtop guitar with P-90 pickups. I had no trouble installing them and they tuned up pretty quickly without a lot of stretching needed. They had some great &#34;spank&#34; and sounded great. Easy to play (they almost seemed thinner than advertised - they play like 9's but sounded like tens). I am really happy with these and will probably buy them on occasion instead of the Gibson strings. Next I want to try a set on a Strat and see how they sound - I suspect they will sound and play great! overallrating 5   lineend
name Otto Correct review Excellent tone, and I'm a bit surprised by that.  I mean, D'Addario strings are fine and all, but that's it, they've always just been your average basic string to me.  These promise to be a premium contender and they certainly deliver.  I strung up my Agile AL-3000 (best Les Paul copy you can buy, look them up) with them, tuned up and these things roared!  Rich full harmonic tone, with plenty of bend and sustain.  These strings really do feel and sound great.  I never thought I'd be praising D'Addario so much, but these strings really do deliver. overallrating 5   lineend
name Personne review I've been stringing my guitars with D'Addario for several years.  While my jazz box is set up with heavy strings, my Les Paul goes lighter--horses for courses, you might say.  I've been using D'Addario XL strings on this guitar for a while, although it's the EXL140 (slightly larger bottoms).  But why not give these lighter strings a try?  The quality is obviously high.  Tone is good, as is durability.  If you do much complex chording, you're going to miss the heavier string, but for shredders and pure rock players these are very nice.  I'll be going back to the EXL 140s, since I prefer the more positive feel of the larger string.  But fat or skinny, D'Addario makes some of the best strings out there. overallrating 5   lineend
name P. Hamm review  Don't get me wrong, the improvement over the old formulation is noticeable. There's a little more &#34;brightness&#34; to the output, they are a little more long-lasting, and they stay in tune quicker and longer than the normal XL120. This is a good string.But it looks like the going rate on these strings will be 12 bucks a set. I can get three sets of regular (excellent) XL120 strings for that money, and if the NYXL lasted 3 times as long then they'd be worthwhile, but I've been able to try them twice now, and they don't last 3 times as long.Great string, great innovation, great achievement, drastically overpriced. overallrating 3   lineend
name P. MSakamoto review  These have a nice bright sound and are easy on the fingers with a light action. Pretty deluxe strings for the price here on Amazon. I have them on my travel acoustic six string (Martin) and am happy, especially since I am not a &#34;pro&#34; guitarist and my fingers can get sore.I say, get 'em! overallrating 5   lineend
name Wilhelmina Zeitgeist review  D'Addario's NYXL1046 Nickel Plated Electric Guitar Strings, I have the Light, are THE best! I've got them on my Fender Strat. I can tune my guitar and play it for a couple hours and still not have it go out of tune. Even if I'm using the tremolo bar and bending strings these things stay in tune. When I get together with other guitar players to jam I don't have to worry about being the one who has to keep tuning my guitar. A couple Ernie Ball die hards are about ready to jump ship and get on the D'Addario Line after seeing mine in action.I can put my Strat aside, pick it up to play a few days later and it's still in tune. Doesn't happen when I pick up my other electric that don't have these strings on it yet. Either I'm going to have to put these on my other electric or the Fender is going to be my baby who gets all the play time with Mama.I've never used strings that bend so well. And they don't cut into my fingers as much when playing for extended periods of time. These are miracle strings in my mind.Most importantly, they sound GREAT!Good going D'Addario! overallrating 5   lineend
name angelfood review Just put these on my Martin DCX1E and they sound great! This is a big guitar that really rings out and the Elixir strings have a great sparkle with a clear bright tone. Playing rhythm guitar, flat picking and fingerpicking.I can't say if they last longer, vine has us review this asap. After daily playing for hours they sound fine and hold their tuning. I have used Elixir nano web strings before and I do think they keep their tone a bit longer. That being said, my go to strings are still D'addario. overallrating 5   lineend
name coffeebrain review I ordered this for my husband, the musician. He said these are high quality strings giving great tone and good feel. He would definitely purchase this product...and he's pretty picky about his guitar strings! overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Reinstein review  I had used Elixer strings for several years on both 6 and 12 string guitars. Somehow, I had gravitated over to other brands including Martin and D'Addario.  I got a set of these strings as well as the Phosphor Bronze design through the Vine program and chose to this set out on a Seagull Artist Mosaic rather than on a Taylor, Martin or Gibson. The result is outstanding - So much so, that I am beginning to restring all 7 of my acoustic and acoustic-electric guitars with Elixers again.I have also tried the new Phosphor Bronze strings in this series on a Gibson and had fine results.  Because I did not use both sets of strings on the same guitar, it is not possible for me to really compare/contract the. These strings play as smoothly and easily as do the Phosphor Bronzes and seem to add a good deal of depth to the already resonant mellowness of the Seagull.Elixer definitely still has the edge. Thanks to Bob Taylor and his crew for collaborating on something that benefits all guitar players - no matter what it says on the head stocks of our instruments. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Thomas review  I can't speak on the claim for a longer string life.  The strings are true to Elixir's quality and tone.  These strings sound great plug and unplugged.  I also had the opportunity from Vine to try the phosphor bronze too.  There are tonal differences as expected.  The 80/20 are brighter, but the tones are clear and crisp.  When amplified, I did note less finger noise as I re-positioned or slid my fingers along the strings.  I didn't notice any difference to the feel of the string...as compared to other nanoweb Elixir strings that I have used over the years.  Time will tell if these strings last longer than their other versions.  For now, even if they only last as long as the other nanoweb ... you're still getting a good deal. overallrating 5   lineend
name john review Great product with nice feel and tone. I'm only sorry I pre-ordered only two sets at $12.49. The average price now is $15 and over. I'll bite the bullet and order more after I wear these two sets out. Hopefully improved availability will lower the price by the time I need new strings. These are durable and long lasting. Recommeded. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Harriger review  ed these strings before, and frankly, I wasn't all that impressed with the tone the first time around. I think they feel great on the fingertips and they're very playable, especially for a picker, but I just wasn't sold on the tone. To be fair, I only tested them on a few of my dreadnought guitars, and found them lacking. There seemed to be a drop-ff in tone when switching from my usual strings (Martin SPs) to these.So this time, I decided to try them on a much smaller guitar. I have a Yairi Alvarez AY-20, which is a 000 sized guitar, and they sound terrific. I'm no engineer or physicist, so I really can't explain the mechanics of it all, but they definitely sounded much better on a much smaller guitar body, and they produce a very clear, bright tone across the higher range, and hold their own on the low range.I still don't think they're the best thing since sliced bread, and I still think they're a bit overpriced, but I have no complaints about the quality other than the fact that the coating seems to wear off sooner than I would expect. This seems to have no effect on the tone, but for what these cost, you'd think the coating would last a lot longer than two months (I play daily for at least 30 minutes a day).Overall, these are good (but overpriced) strings that definitely work well on certain types of guitars. You'll just have to experiment to see which guitars sound good with them, and which don't. In my experience, large body guitars lose tone, but they sound great on a smaller body. overallrating 4   lineend
name N. Caruso review   for both types of strings and post it in both places for those who are trying to figure out which strings would best meet their needs.The Phosphor Bronze strings are mounted on a brand new Guild F-47 RC guitar. It is a concert sized guitar with a Florentine cutaway. The body is Brazilian Rosewood and the top is Adirondack (Red) Spruce. I have always heard that Phosphor is a bit brighter and sounds better on a Rosewood guitar. I would agree. The tone is nicely balanced &#8211; maybe a bit weak in the bass, but the strings are new and in a couple days I expect them to sound a bit better.  The notes are articulated well, and there is a nice midrange tone.The Nanoweb coating is nice. It protects the strings from corrosion (finger sweat really can do a job on strings) without dulling the sound. I think the guitar sounds much better than it did with the original (Guild) strings, and it just plays easier.The 80/20 strings are mounted on a Gibson Hummingbird &#8211; an iconic Mahogany body/Spruce-topped Dreadnaught sized guitar. Again, 80/20s are recommended for Mahogany guitars. As popular as the Hummingbird is, I was never totally pleased with the sound of it.  It is a great guitar to strum along with while singing, but it almost sounded too muddied &#8211; not enough articulation between the different strings. The Elixir strings really bring out something extra from the Gibson. It sounds a LOT better and feels easier to play. The strings are easier to play &#8211; partially because of the coating &#8211; partially because the metal used in the string seems to have a bit more elasticity &#8211; without going out of tune.The bass is tighter and there is an even spread of tone from the lowest to the highest notes. I am very happy with how much better this guitar sounds with these strings compared to the Martin SPs that were on it prior to the switch.Elixirs are not the cheapest strings out there, but since they last a lot longer than cheaper strings, in the end you won&#8217;t spend more money on what I think are far superior strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name P. Hamm review  I was looking forward to trying these, as I've loved this company's product since day one.But I think they've messed around with the gauge, slapped a meaningless &#34;HD&#34; tag on, and added a few bucks to the price. More profit in someone's pocket for marketing jargon.I have a smaller-bodied guitar, so these should have, by their claim, given me better balance, but imho, the opposite happened. The bottom dropped out, the top end stopped sizzling, and the middle strings totally took over when I strum with a pick.When I play with fingers it's better, but not worth spending more money on than the normal  12s I've been using (which I think I liked a lot better).It's possible that these work great on the Taylor guitars they were ostensibly designed for (color me skeptical), but I'd say if you're happy with what you have, you need not try these.Again, long-time user and big fan, but paying extra money for a slightly different gauge and a silly &#34;HD&#34; moniker... no thanks. overallrating 2   lineend
name angelfood review I put these strings on my Guild acoustic electric. I play mainly rhythm guitar to accompany my singing and do a bit of fingerpicking.The warmth of phosphor bronze strings suits my style and these strings have a great tone with crisp high notes and full rich bass ends.They are made by Taylor and all Taylor guitars come with Elixir strings. Saving up for a Taylor, in the meantime, at least I can afford the strings!These are very good long-lasting strings. To me, D'addario are just as good. Things like strings and picks are subjective. Try different brands to find what suits you best. If you are a serious player with a good guitar you should definitely check these strings out. overallrating 5   lineend
name coffeebrain review I ordered this for my husband, the musician.  He said these are high quality strings giving great tone and good feel.  He would definitely purchase this product again. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Reinstein review  I had used Elixer strings for several years on both 6 and 12 string guitars. Somehow, I had gravitated over to Martin PB about a year ago (when I acquired a new Martin... Surprise!) I got a set of these strings through the Vine program and chose to try them out on a Gibson Songwriter Studio Deluxe CE RATHER than on a Taylor or Martin. The result is outstanding - So much so, that I am beginning to restring all 7 of my acoustic and acoustic-electric guitars with Elixers again.They are even smoother and easier to play that I remembered them. Of course, these new strings have improved the technology which becomes more and more important to me as my fingers age right along with the rest of my body. The sound is sweet and warm and the Gibson has never sounded better - played plugged-in or unplugged.Elixer definitely still has the edge. Thanks to Bob Taylor and his crew for collaborating on something that benefits all guitar players - no matter what it says on the head stocks of our instruments. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Thomas review  True to phosphor bronze these strings have a mellow and full sound.  You still get finger noise as you slide your fingers when setting up for the next chord, but the noise is somewhat less. I have used other Elixir nonweb coated strings and these strings are in par with them.  I can't speak to the string life.  The boast of these strings is that will last 3 to 5 times longer, and if that is the case, I will run out of time to submit my feedback.  So far now, they sound great, feel great...and if they don't last as long as the other Elixirs, you'll still come out ahead since they shouldn't cost any more. overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  I've used Elixirs for about five years now. This set offers the same great sound for my acoustic as their electric strings provide for my electric. Some people don't like the polymer (nanoweb) that coats the string, but I find that it cuts back on string noise. Sliding your fingers around doesn't cause too much noise, and with acoustic strings I find that very important, especially if you're using a piezo pickup in your instrument. Phosphor Bronze has always been a great alloy for acoustic guitars IMHO. These are great strings, worth the money, and sound great. They also last 3 times longer than regular, non-coated strings in my experience (been playing for 24yrs). Great product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jason Whitt review  I'm a D'Addario man myself, but hey free is free.  So I jumped at a chance to try these strings out.  Thus far they have proven durable both in terms of playability and longevity of tone.  So many other variables to consider when rating strings such as the guitar they go on, the gauge of string being used, the playing style and climate of the end user, etc.  These are a solid performing string set, though I am unlikely to switch allegiances from D'Addario any time soon.  Still there is no reason to fear trying these Elixir's out. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jeffrey E review  I really like these strings.  While they are not quite as bright sounding as uncoated strings, they still sound better than many other strings, AND they last so much longer.  They will easily out last a set of uncoated strings by at least 2x... probably closer to 3x.  Nice tactile feel on the right hand with reduced squeak as you move up & down the neck.Bottom line is Elixir's sound great, play well and least a really long time. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Harriger review  I have lots of friends who play these strings. Some love them more than any other string, and some are like me. They're clearly good strings, and I love the way they play and feel on my fingertips, but I can't get past the sound. It could just be about how the strings sound on my particular guitars, but in any case, I'm not happy with the sound and that's why I have a hard time giving them a solid five-star rating.I tried these on two separate guitars I play regularly, and wasn't terribly impressed with the sound on either. One is a vintage dreadnought mahogany guitar that normally has excellent tone, and is crisp, clear and fairly loud. These strings softened the tone, which I wasn't looking to do. They sound okay, but nowhere near as good as the Martin SPs I use to really bring out the best in that guitar.I also have a cutaway electric/acoustic I use to sing with because it's fairly quiet, and the softer tones don't drown out my voice. These strings made the guitar even more quiet, and there was a considerable drop-off in tone quality as well. They might have been cheap, old strings, because I couldn't tell that there was anything special about them. This particular guitar didn't have spectacular sound to begin with, and these strings did nothing to improve it. I like strings to either sound as good as other strings, or improve the tone and pull more from the guitar. These strings did neither for me. However, they sound just great when the instrument was plugged through an amp.Based upon my experimentation, I would guess that if you have a great sounding guitar and you're not a fanatic about slight drops in tonal quality, you'll love the way these strings feel and play. I rate them excellent in that category. But for me, tone is 80% of the equation. I'd play wire-wrapped rope if it sounded better than regular strings. In the tonal category, these strings fell short. On a guitar with excellent tone, I noticed a distinct drop in tone quality, and on another softer, more muted guitar, tone quality vanished.In the final analysis, if you're a picker and your guitar can be plugged in, you'll love these strings. If you're really into great acoustic tone and your guitar doesn't have stellar tone to begin with, you might gain some 'playability,' but you will most likely experience a slight drop in tonal quality. overallrating 3   lineend
name Lonnie M. Adams review Great, just as expected.  Thank to all. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael J. Edelman review I've been thinking about trying the Nanoweb strings for a while, but I was a bit put off by the high price (they cost about twice as much as the uncharted strings I've been buying)  and the comments of some reviewers that the tone of coated strings is noticeably duller. I was intrigued by the promise of long life, though; I have a Taylor Big Baby that I bought used, and which came with a set of Nanowebs that had probably been on it for a year- and they didn't sound at all like old strings. This review set gave me a chance to finally see for myself how they sound when new.I'd just changed the strings on my 1970s Gibson Gospel a week ago, so I decided that would be my reference. The Nanowebs went on my 1970s Guild D-35. Both are well broken in, solid spruce top guitars. The Gospel is a bit brighter sounding, but I'm pretty familiar with the sound of both guitars. If they D-35 sounded dull, I'd notice.As I was unwrapping the Nanowebs I noticed that while they were labeled review   when I find out just how long they do last.Follow up: After playing these for a few days, I actually went out and bought a set in the same gauge for my Loar LH-350, an arch top guitar with a carved top that gets played more than any of my other guitars. They sound great on the Loar, and now I have two guitars to do a long term test on. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael L. Knapp review I have tried coated strings in the past ( including Elixirs) and have never been very fond of them. Whenever I tried them I felt a certain disconnect from my guitar. Somewhat reminiscent of wearing condom. Not that I hated them, just didn't really love them. These are the best ones I've tried so far. I still don't like them as much as regular strings but because of the type of gigs I mostly do these seem to be a reasonable trade off. If you need a longer lasting string for whatever the reason these are really the best out there. After a dozen or so gigs with them, they still sound the same as when I put them on. overallrating 4   lineend
name Rick Langdon review  Well, MADE by Elixir and DEVELOPED with Taylor Guitars ... these strings were designed for the new 800 (Rosewood) series guitars that came out this year (2014) ... the promise is a &#34;bolder high end, fuller low end&#34; ... I am a long-time Taylor owner and favor their 800 series (Rosewood/Spruce is my favorite combo in tone woods) ... I have almost always used Elixir Nanoweb Phosphor Bronze lights on my guitars ... I like not only the tone but the feel and longevity of these strings ... I have never had any issues with Elixir Nanowebs ... I recently picked up an 812ce First Edition 12-Fret ... such a fine instrument and it came with the Elixir HD's ... took some getting used to as far as feel (due to the slightly higher gauges of the treble strings - E, B & G) ... but as far as sound, they are great ... the D, A & low E strings are no different from the regular Elixir PB Lights so I am not sure about the claim of &#34;fuller low end&#34; ... compared to what?  Unless the extra string tension of the treble strings also contributes to a little more bass response ... I am not sure how these strings will perform on guitars other than Taylor's but what anyone should notice is more volume and clarity from the treble strings ... that is what I notice most from the HD's compared to the regular ... I still find no fault with the regular Elixir Nanaweb PB's but will most likely continue to run the HD's on my 12-fret ... I may also try them on my older 814ce just to see if there is any difference/improvement ... so far I find the set well balanced with good clarity and sustain ... try them out and make your own decision ... overallrating 4   lineend
name TheTerrorBeyond review These strings are really quite good, but I wouldn't call them perfect.  The unwound strings are not quite as bright as I am accustomed to, but they still ring nicely.  This is the only complaint I have about these strings.  If the unwound strings were a tiny bit brighter, these would be 5-star strings.  As it stands, I give them 4.5 stars... not a big knock, actually.The low-end on the wound strings is very nice and quite warm.  I put these on a jumbo and it definitely accentuates the &#34;jumbo&#34; aspect of my acoustic.  The sound is very big, full, and nice.Definitely a recommended product!4.5/5 stars overallrating 4   lineend
fileend