name Dako review  To me, there's not too much depth you can go into when describing guitar picks. Either they feel good in your hand, or they don't. Either they kind of &#34;disappear&#34; when you're playing, or they feel like a hindrance. These Dunlops get it just right. Enough grip to where you're not fumbling all over the place, and they somehow get out of the way of your playing. They're right up there with the Fender Classic picks, as my all-time favorites to use. overallrating 4   lineend
name DeTechTive review  once i used these picks for the first time, i never could use different picks ever again! and its a great price, BUY THEM! overallrating 5   lineend
name Ecadad review I love guitar picks. I have tested  alot of them, and this is by far the best one that I have found yet. They are perfect to hold, and very tough, although I do wear through them quickly, but I do that to all picks. overallrating 4   lineend
name GuitarExtreme review Almost a perfect pic for me. I use a .73mm. Just wish it was more like a fender pic finish...that being fender seems to stick to your fingers better. This pic seems to have a coating that makes is slightly softer to the touch or something.  Still prefer this pic to the fender because this one holds up much much better- in comparison to fender mediums. overallrating 4   lineend
name James L. Maxey review hands down my absolute favorite pick. I have tried many brands, materials & various thicknesses but I always come home to the Dunlop Tortext Red .50mm! overallrating 5   lineend
name J.C. review Between the blue and the yellow, I have my needs covered.  These have a weird feeling when you first get them, like they have powder on them.  But within 10 minutes of using it, it'll stick with you much better.  I love these picks. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeff Felker review I've tried every gimmicky thing you can imagine and have always gone back to what simply works, these Dunlop Tortex .73mm picks, I've tried different brands, shapes and sizes and they all just get in the way, these aren't slick like some of the others, they stay in my hand and they wear ok (as long as I don't get too wild) and if I ever do drop one they show up super easy on the floor due to their bright yellow color, I would be lost if they quit making these or changed them any, hopefully they don't, these are great! overallrating 5   lineend
name MojoMMjojo review use it on acoustic and electric always lose them before i ever wear them out.  I dont go any lighter than the yellow picks sometimes i use the green which are a little thicker. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ocean Blue review I always keep a lot of these on hand. These are the only picks I use when playing my acoustic guitars (strumming style & vocals). Since I play for several hours nearly every day I have a tendency to go through a lot of picks. These definitely last longer for me than other brands (similar weight) that I have used. For example, I can &#34;round-off&#34; the end off a Musician's Gear pick or a Fender pick in about an hour or so of playing and seem to get much more mileage out of these picks. The weight is great for my style of playing. They seem more durable than other brands. They're inexpensive and since I play a lot of hours I always keep lots of these on hand. I love 'em, use them daily, and rely on them !!! overallrating 5   lineend
name P. Hublein review These picks are great, the best part is the 72 pack. I always have spares. This is a thicker pick, I would recomend you actualy try one before you by 72 of them. The only complaint comes from my wife, since they tend to pop up all over the house! overallrating 5   lineend
name Sakira Del Rosario review  I'm a beginner guitar player going on intermediate and I've quickly learned that anything from Jim Dunlop is quality stuff. overallrating 5   lineend
name Taoshaman review I've been using Dunlop Tortex picks for years, with the .60 and .73 being my mainstays for acoustic & electric picking.  They feel great, they're easy to hold on to, and they have exactly the amount of give & attack needed for my style of playing.  If I have any complaint, it's that the edges wear down with use, sometimes quite rapidly.  Still, they play so well, it's worth the cost of regular replacement. overallrating 4   lineend
name AF review  Dunlop slides are nice and smooth with rounded edges, they sound great, they're indestructable (so far) and they're supremely affordable.  I own a few of them.  I prefer a shorter one most of the time, but I use this one often, as well.Sure, you can spend more on a slide, but I see no reason to. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review I bought this after mistakenly getting the same model in a size 8. This one actually fits, and works great one both my acoustic and electric. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brother MOLOCH 969 review  Unfortunately I wasn't aware that slides come in all sizes and got a medium when I need the large. The medium fits over my pinky finger and while that's okay I prefered it fit over my index finger where I'd have more control.I cannot fault the slide for my foolish choice so I'll pass this onto my son or someone who can use it and get myself the larger Dunlop 212 Slide. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dako review  ers mention here, you might want to invest in a slide case to prevent this thing from getting smashed to bits. For general home use though, I wouldn't worry about it too much though. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dr. Freud review works well.  the glass is a much softer, more subtle sound than metal.  it works on my pinky finger.  would have to have a much larger one for my ring finger and I dont have particularly large hands.  Just don't drop one of these on you tile floor.  they explore quite nicely that way.  I keep mine in a protective case when I am not using it. overallrating 5   lineend
name jinx review I just got it and tried it out. It's not great but should work as a quiet practice amp.  You have to diddle with the gain and volume controls to get an almost realistic sound.  I would recommend this to anyone. overallrating 4   lineend
name M. C. Malkemus review  I give the product a 4star for doing what it is supposed to do. I give it a single star because it failed two weeks after the return period. Generously, I'll give it 2stars. Something like this really should last at least a year or more. Cheap parts/manufacturing?  50 cents a day is not a good deal for a device of this nature. overallrating 2   lineend
name MJK review Sound is not so good. Strange how the gain has to be turned up along with the volume to hear anything. overallrating 2   lineend
name Nuri K review  I used AC30 for years, lost them, and decided to make a change and buy these.Sound quality of AC30 wasn't anything to write home about but had decent cleans and gains, but this one has a horrendous clean (tried with my strat and tele, play jazz/blues mostly), and mediocre gain, you can get a lot better sound even with the free amp programs for ipod and computers (buying a 25-35 buck connector cable), though, granted those tend to have feedback problems when you use certain gain-y settings.For people worried about CONSTRUCTION, these turned out to be very sturdy (AC30s i previously used did, but the built/materials are exactly same).Even if you're determined to settle for the mediocrity of phone amps, go for cheaper models, or simply buy AC30, the latter has acceptable cleans.. overallrating 2   lineend
name Oldcabdriver review As an amateur musician, I'm always looking for ways to practice without chasing everyone out of the house with loud amplifiers and such.  I thought this gadget would do the trick, but the quality of the sound and range of adjustment just didn't meet my expectations. overallrating 2   lineend
name Sam Nunn review I'm a new guitarist and nobody else would want to hear everything I play. I however, am having a ball playing as loud as I want with as much or as little gain as I feel like at the moment with my Classic Rock Guitar Headphone Amp. My Rickenbacker 360 sounds just the way I want, with as much clarity or with all the &#34;smoke&#34; as I feel like dialing in for now. It is SO nice to be free of the amp and cable on the floor and can quickly plug in, put in my ear buds, and practice for a while anywhere I want, anytime I want. Downside: I wish it had a little reverb to dial in or switch on to closer match my full size Vox amp and the controls are small/hard to read but easy to learn. You do get a pop when you turn it on because there is no tube warm up time. Solution: Hit the switch before putting in your buds if your sensitive. I plan to pick up other versions of the amPlug from Vox to extend my fun. This was a good choice. Buy one! overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review I bought the Vox Amplug AC30 and loved it so much, it probably doubled (or tripled) the amount of time I play guitar.  I loved it so much I went out and got the more expensive (by $10) Joe Satriani Signature Amplug.  I liked the Satriani model also because it covered a different tonal range than the AC30, and delay feature is a lot of fun.  But I had serious questions about the Classic Rock Amplug.  Why did have only a 4-star review on Amazon - among the lowest for any of the fabulous Amplug products.  Would it be only a review  ers referred to the clean tones as weak, or claimed that there were no clean tones.  Yet, with both my Les Paul and a Strat, I was able to set the Volume at around 6-8 and the gain at about level 2 and get a very nice clean tone without loss of volume.  If any dirt was remaining, a slight rollback on the guitar volume further cured the problem.  Even better, playing a Strat into the Classic Rock with the gain set somewhere between 2 to 4 actually created a Tubescreamer-like blues tone!  This tone was one of the audio demos offered on Vox's website, but I didn't believe it for myself until I plugged the Classic Rock in and dialed in that tone.Long story short, the Classic Rock is extremely powerful, but more verstaile than I thought.  It can do the high-gain Marshall tones I expected, but also offers a wide array of clean or slightly-overdriven tones.  It might even be more versatile than the AC30 Amplug, though I remain pretty loyal to the AC30.  The good news is that the two models are different enough and cheap enough that you can own both.  Highly recommend the Classic Rock - 5 stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name bassestkkm review I love these cables. I ordered two about a year and change ago and they are my main cables for my bass and guitar rigs. They are still perfect and they get used for many hours each day overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Hersey review  I prefer woven cables for looks. They have a nice stage presence. Hosa has been a very reliable brand for my cables. I don't move around on stage so the 18 feet gives enough length to connect to my mixer. This cable is just a little stiffer than some I have but that's OK for me and I'm sure it will wear well if you move around on stage. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bill Lewey review  nice cable, could be a little heavier.  I managed to pull the wires apart on the straight plug, probably stepped on the cord when I was playing guitar while standing.  I had to take it apart and resolder but it has been really good since. overallrating 3   lineend
name christopher Lamothe review this cable is awesome thick cord really high quality jacks highly recommend this better then any plastic coated cable I don't have problems with it tangling like I saw on one review overallrating 5   lineend
name colton cooper review Bought this years ago. It was a nice long cable that I bought figuring it'd be durable but it didn't last. Maybe it was my mistreatment of the cable but then again it should be built to gig... If I was better with wiring I'm sure it's fixable but all in all it didn't last as long as I'd hoped. overallrating 2   lineend
name Garot M. Conklin review I needed this for my Jazzmaster that has a front face input.  Sounds fine, although that guitar is notably &#34;humm-y&#34; with the single coils, I don't feel this cable added any more noise in the line.  Looks cool and sounds good to me and great price, I actually bought 2 !!! overallrating 4   lineend
name j flavors review I really like this cable., It is a great, quality cord that is very durable and I think it would be a long time before I would need another one. The length is long enough for any need and the cable will obviously be around for a while. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe Bouler review I've been using HOSA cables for quite a few years and find them to be professional quality and very dependable without being overpriced. I particularly like the right angle plug. It works well on most guitars except Strats and Strat style guitars. That's still not a problem because I simply put the right angle plug in the amp and the straight plug in the guitar. This cable is far more flexible than plastic coated cables. I'm very pleased with it and recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name john review Cable crackles when plug in jack is moved. GLS brand purchased at same time works flawlessly in comparison. Both have tweed jackets however the Hosa cable does not uncoil easily where the GLS cable does. I would recommend the GLS product over the Hosa product. overallrating 2   lineend
name Leo of San Francisco. review  I like it, got it fast and it is just the right length for my at home personal use.  Thanks for getting it to me so fast, and I recommend going through the vendor I received this from it works great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lip Davis review I've used Hosa for years, they have never let me down. All their cords are quit and are quality produces. I have never had a Hosa go bad on me. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ryan C. Morris review looks really cool and sounds great.  no buzz or unwanted noise with these cables, and they have a velcro strap which makes it easy to store them when you are done.  i like them a lot. overallrating 5   lineend
name thelastpiece review I like tweed jacket cables because they are hard to get tangled up and are easier to identify than having a bunch of standard black cables everywhere. I use the right angle side to go into my effects pedal board and the other side to go into my guitar. The right angle is nice because it's low profile and fits perfectly on my board, even when I put it in it's travel case. Everything seems well built here and has been working for months without any problem. overallrating 5   lineend
name Timothy Eastman review  It doesn't twist up like my standard black cable does, but it will twist a bit over time. Love the angle connection for my guitar side as it doesn't just stick right out there. If you really want to avoid on-stage kinks, then you MUST go wireless, it is the ONLY way to avoids twisted cables - no matter what type you buy. This cable sends sounds to my amp perfectly without distortion. It's worth spending a Jackson, IMO. overallrating 4   lineend
name windowshopper review the cable hisses, crackles and pops right out of the package.  save your money and buy a better cable.  i will buy cables locally from now on so i can easily return them if they are defective.  i would definitely not buy this product again or recommend it to anyone else. overallrating 1   lineend
name BigSteph66 review I love this cable. I don't get any buzz when I hook up my bass and it can handle anything I throw at it. The sound quality is amazing. overallrating 5   lineend
name BRIAN HICKS review Hands down the best cable I have ever owned. I was spending money on cheaper cables continuously and now I spend that money on other stuff. I play one to five hours a day and have used this same cable for 3 or 4 months. Well worth the money. Lifetime guarantee to boot. Definitely will buy Mogami from now on. overallrating 5   lineend
name Marc review Yes, you are paying a little extra for peace of mind and the reputation of Mogami gold quality. I found this to be a good investment if you are meticulous about your sound. Compared to my old cable, the Mogami Gold produced a more transparent sound... you might have to do a side by side comparison to get the idea. When recording guitar, I am able to clearly hear individual strings while playing overdriven chords. No matter your playing style, this cable will work well with your sound. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sam Beckett review i bought this cable in an emergency situation - one where I was on the road, needed a great cable, and didn't have access to roll my own using, what would've been, essentially the same parts.  I exclusively use canare and mogami in the studio, and in critical places of my live setup.  The cable itself is top shelf, quiet, and will provide years of use if you treat it even with modest respect.  As an instrument cable, this could possibly  be a little short if you move around a bunch, making it worth it to go for the 18' cable as a bass or guitar player if you don't like being tied down.  I used this as part of a keyboard rig, where it was perfect on all levels - quality reproduction of sound across the entire spectrum (the highs were crystal, the bass clear), connection is solid (I am not a gold fanatic, but these are excellent), great warranty, and a reputation that holds value.  (These are real deal pro cables, as opposed to some cables priced similarly that have a monster price, but not necessarily a superior build or sound, which is why I didn't walk into guitar center and buy a pair of monster 1000's and waited for these to be delivered overnight instead,,,) overallrating 5   lineend
name BatmanDSM review Excellent value and you know what... It is identical in every way with the Retail store Product! Same made in CHINA product with another no name LOGO stuck to it. Perfect for the Garage Band! overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles F. Marks review  Always good to have a stationary MIc on the floor.  Sometimes it is weet nestled in a drum set or for a singer that might not want to play any instrument but just wants to stand tall... went together perfectly and I really wanted it...Shipping was fast and no problems... thanks overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles McClain review The Base for this thing is a monster! The thing works great, and because of the very strong load the base provides - not the easiest thing to accidentally knock over. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ecadad review This is a great basic mic stand for live and studio use, although I don't suggest using this and playing guitar. Great for a lead singer or micing drums and acoutuc instruments. it does not come with a mic clip, so you'll need to get one. it's a great deal, buy it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Joseph F. Bierley review Bought for home use, bought the musicians gear 13\" gooseneck to go along with it for playing guitar while singing. great mic stand for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Josh Leger review This is just like any other microphone stand. It works the same and is pretty durable. The weight at the bottom will definitely stop it from falling if someone were to acciddently bump into it...which is great, but could also be bad if you want to carry the stand around a bit. In order to do that you must either support the weight, which can be a pain or unscrew it from the base. Other than that, it's great. overallrating 4   lineend
name Larry Johnson review This mic stand is a great value! This stand is very sturdy and it can to adjust to any length needed. I bought a few years back and it's still working amazing till this day. If you're purchasing a mic soon, you will need one of these stands. Just make sure that your mic comes with a shock mount because the stand tends to move a little but other than that, it's a great buy! overallrating 5   lineend
name Lee review There's nothing wrong with this stand, but for the life of me I cannot imagine how a manufacturer could manage to screw up an plain old straight mic stand. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mick R. review Mic Stands can be a hassle sometimes. This is not one of those. Always works. Adjusts easy. Holds in Place. Great all black look. Built to last and great price as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ranger Tim review Bought this stand after tripping over the three legged design.  Works great and base is out of your way.  Much less likely to catch your feet on as you move around. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richie K review This stand really stands up to the wear and tear of use. It is well made and I would buy it again if needed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick Bennette review  The black mike stand blends in to the background better than silver. It fits standard microphone mounts and has a wire clip to keep the wire from being pulled away from the base. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ronnie Roper review Not much to say about the mic stand, it's what I expected it to be so thats good and the price was right. NO problems with the seller the product came quickly and everything was in great condition. overallrating 5   lineend
name sam sultan review Great stand for the price. Threaded fine and it's heavy enough for any mic you've got. there are better out there but it's a good value. overallrating 4   lineend
name Shane Windham review  Really great quality item. It was delivered fast and there was no difficulty setting it up. It's durable and I suspect will last me for the rest of my days. overallrating 5   lineend
name W.R.Amyot review The adjustment screw/handle bit still works after 2 years, and the base is heavy- a cast metal.They look good and the paint lasts- great for a performance space.Now about the title- I used one (I own 2) as a sledge hammer during a band bonding event. The base ended up striking the concrete patio, and a chunk of the base broke off. Not a issue with manufacturer, but don't drop it too hard. Despite the break, the stand still sits upright, and i still use it.nice and cheap. overallrating 4   lineend
name cassandra tu review  Overall this is a pretty good stand. It is sturdy and has good adjustable heights. A good value if you have lots of stuff you need to hang on it. I took one star off because the bottom part is kind of awkward fro holding up the guitar as the guitar strap peg is at the very bottom and is the only thing touching the bottom of the stand which make sit easy to fall and I've had it fall a number of times. I'm just thinking that they could of designed the bottom wider. Also the edges of my guitars are always touching as if there is not enough room for them on the stand. overallrating 4   lineend
name Everanor review I got mine and I gave it a try, here are the conclusions:1. It looks really good, sturdy and well made.2. Is super stable, I tried it out with: 2 Strats and a electro acoustic, then removed one  Strat and placed another acoustic (a 12 string this time). I pushed the stand and.... It holds. As guitar are hanging and they are secured on the top i believe is really difficult for a guitar/bass or whatever you put in there falls down.3. You can set the height, always considering that your guitars don't reach the floor.So....... Totally recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name GaryG review Oh Man, My Guitars have a new home, love this stand, looks nice and works excellent, currently I have a Strat Style guitar a bass and a Epi Les Paul hanging on this baby, but even with just one guitar it holds up just fine, No unsteadiness, no wiggling, Big space saver, definitely a Good Pick, Great for home use or on the road, it folds up nicely, great padding on heads and body supports, 10 out of 10 on this one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Judith Johnson review  For me this stand is very well built, not hard to assemble pretty much a no brainer and a great price. They don't touch the floor. There are safety straps that hold my 3 acoustic guitars (Fender, Ibanez and my anybody's guess antique)in place without any difficulty, so I don't have to worry about knocking them off or over. It takes up very little space, the biggest plus! overallrating 5   lineend
name McEldoy review Stringed instruments are best hung vertically, which this stand accomplishes beautifully.  Constructed of very durable material making this a wise investment. overallrating 5   lineend
name RobE review Don't buy this Chinese piece of crap if you really need a three guitar stand. It is barely workable for two.It is easy to set up, but the way the neck brackets are arranged you are only going to get two guitars comfortably on it and even then guitars can still slip off the stand even when you tighten the little rubber thingies on top to hold the neck in place. And you absolutely  have to keep that tight or your guitar will at some point turn sideways and fall to the floor/ground.The best thing these stands are built for are V Type guitars such as my Jackson Rhoads as long as you can put them back to back. For Les Paul and Strat type axes, their rounded lower bout curvatures make them prone to slipping on the narrow, stick like feet of the stand, especially when they are new. You can't tilt the feet up to try to lend more stability to the way the guitars hang because the feet won't support enough weight to make that possible. So this thing utterly fails in its designation as a three guitar stand. If you just gotta buy something from On Stage, get the double hang because there is more separation between instruments and so it ends up being better balanced. But really, you should just pass entirely on either the triple hang or the double hang.This is definitely a case of one gets what one pays for. overallrating 1   lineend
name AncientRocker review My band was playing out one night, I use an amp stand that was on the stage. I really liked how elevating my little amp helped improve it's sound and decided I had to have one. I started searching around and found this product. The price was right so I took a chance and purchased one sight unseen. The Musician's Gear stand does everything I needed it to. It arrived in three days was well packaged and easy to assemble. It's light weight, portable and well constructed and would safely support an amp up to 75lbs. I would recommend this product to anyone with an amplifier 75lbs or less. overallrating 4   lineend
name BAT review I'm enjoying it.  I actually bought it keep my amp off the floor but I also like that it puts the amp at an angle pointing upwards.  It's supporting my 50 pound amp easily and hasn't tilted back or fallen over.  I'm glad I bought it and would buy from the company again.  Thank You. overallrating 5   lineend
name Carver review  It's sturdy, well made, and cheap.  You couldn't go out and buy the raw material and put something like this together for what you pay for it.  I've used it with a couple of amps and it'll handle up to say an AC30 without an issues. overallrating 4   lineend
name Cefer review Expect less for that price. Excellent, fine manufacturing, good finish. Perfect for my Line 6, 75 wt. It works well at all heights. overallrating 5   lineend
name colton cooper review Although I never gigged with it I think this would be great for any musician who gigs with a 2x12 or a 2x10 combo amp. I used this with various fender and line 6 amps and it worked great for amplifying the sound. Would buy again if given the circumstance. overallrating 4   lineend
name Earl D. Shaffer review  If was looking to get my 3 amps off the flood. I have 2 70w 12&#34; amps and a big Fender DSP 212. I am using this for my 1-12 amps. It works very well. I recommend them to do the job for the $$. I am not sure I would use them for a $1,200 Sunn V4 4x12 cabinet overallrating 4   lineend
name Gery Sasko review  Great deal for the price and very sturdily made. Easy to assemble and feels very solid. Way cheaper than I saw in Guitar Center. Im very pleased with this stand. I bought two. overallrating 5   lineend
name jsnchmpn review I use this stand for a smaller 50 watt Fender amp.  I don't think I would recommend it for larger amplifiers, especially since it sits a little high, but for my amp, it's perfect.  Nevertheless, I also don't really plan on packing it up or moving the stand around much, so I can't imagine it being ideal for portability.  If you have a music studio and are doing more recording and/or rehearsing than playing gigs, this is a really nice stand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  it's a bargain. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul D Ford review Needed a stand to lift my PA mixer off the floor for safety and ease of use. For $20, this is a sturdy little unit and collapses nicely for transportation. But it is a definite tipping risk if used at anything higher than the lowest height setting.I took the lead from reviewer W. Jones and \"removed the upper brackets and inserted them with the longest bars horizontal instead of vertical, and although my amp was more stable, I still didn't feel it was stable enough to set it on the highest setting.\" I am using at the lowest height and it is stable, but I highly recommend a heavy sandbag on the back if any other height setting is used.I give four stars for great value at $20, will suit my needs very well. overallrating 4   lineend
name Reviewer review Nice little amp stand. I wish it looked a little classier but i guess it's probably for people that like gigging or a music room. Helped a lot with vibrations in my apartment building. overallrating 4   lineend
name R. Heisler review A bit heavy and doesn't fold up to be very compact but its not like there are any better options out there so... Would love an aluminum one that could fold up real compact but... overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Griffith review It's perfect for what it does and that is to hold your amp and tilt it a bit toward the ceiling.  Great price, great stand.  What more do I need to say??? overallrating 5   lineend
name William review Although, I have a pedal board with 8 effect pedals, there are additional effects on my amplifier.  I can easily now turn and press the desired effect amp button.  Is sturdy and good for price. overallrating 4   lineend
name Casey D review =] - Really satisfied with the chair. I cannot explain how cool this chair is. Very glad I got it, definitely worth the price for the great overall value that this chair really gives you. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles Casterline review I gig a lot and since I am a grey haired musician I need to sit when it will be over an hour of playing. This seat works great for me and folds up and can be disassembled with very little fuss. The back rest support is nice, too. For the price its well constructed and perfect for the solo musician doing gigs all over the country. overallrating 5   lineend
name fearn0evil review I use the chair for guitar, bass, keyboards,ukulele and even cooking breakfast. Lightweight, slightly awkward, but provides good back support.As a right-handed player I practice, both classical and jazz style, with the guitar on my left knee. For the position I use in this chair it is necessary to use the On Stage FS7850B Guitar Foot Rest. I do this to keep my thumb in the center of guitar neck. I can report that I have been very comfortable for long practice sessions.As for the four out of five star review, the price does seem steep when you look at what you get for $85. But it's a nice design and thank you to the designer. I would recommend it to those who can afford it.As for durability..... we shall see. I have had it for three months now and it is still fine.  I use it daily. overallrating 4   lineend
name Gery Sasko review  Great deal for the price and very sturdily made. Easy to assemble and feels solid. Recommend this if you're tired of sitting on sofa and putting your neck in a bad way to see the music. overallrating 4   lineend
name medialint review Firstly let me address the &#34;adjustable backrest&#34;. There's nothing adjustable about the backrest. The seat moves forward and backward about two inches which actually is a considerable difference in how it feels leaning back against the backrest but the backrest itself doesn't move, the seat does. It also does not adjust up and down as you would think an &#34;adjustable&#34; backrest should. The backrest cushion actually has a hard stop top that prevents this. But the seat does adjust slightly forward and back (presumably this is the purported backrest adjustment the description repeatedly asserts) and it does adjust up and down over quite a range so adjusting for height should not be a problem. The footrest, however, is welded in place so if you plan to use the footrest you're again limited to where you can put the seat in height range.All this aside I am still giving the stool high marks because it's a fair price, it does fold down with some extra dis-assembly for transport to venues and I find it works well for me. But for how it works for me you should know: I wanted this initially to play sitting down without a strap. I found that no matter how I adjusted the stool that I was just not comfortable with how the guitar rested and so I use it now exclusively with a strap. In this way however it's actually really nice because I can use the footrest or not at will and I can also stand up, walk around and then sit back down at will. Without the strap, though, my playing dexterity is compromised by slight balancing required to keep the guitar from smashing to the floor (at least in my mind's eye).If you want a stool that folds up and goes with you this is not that stool. You do need to loosen the screws and take the seat post out and remove the backrest. Then you're left with several pieces to schlep. Not difficult but it would be tedious to do this every day.Overall though I am very happy with the way this stool feels. No more couch and kitchen chairs for me. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  This is a rock solid throne that has a wide adjustment range for height and a workable range for the backrest.The height of the backrest is fixed, but you can adjust how far back it can be moved. I am referring to lateral motion and not a tilt angle. The seat itself has a nice, comfortable padding that is about on par with a mid range drum throne (I apologize, but that is my best reference for comparison.)Assembling is simple and fast. I had some issues lining up the seat height that stemmed from the need to perfectly align two outer and two inner holes in the frame and seat bar, but after getting a feel for the tight tolerances I managed to get it done with no problems.Another thing to note is this is primarily for guitarists. The foot rests are not going to be much used by drummers in particular, nor by keyboardists whose feet will probably be busy with sustain and expression pedals. However. this is still ideal for keyboardists because the seat is comfortable and the backrest promotes good posture.I used this with drums. but be aware that the seat will not swivel, so the front bar across the bottom can interfere with pedals and your snare drum stand - unless you move it back a bit.The final note is this is heavy and somewhat clunky to transport. It's not a deal breaker. On the contrary, it will reduce performance fatigue because of the ergonomic design and that alone offsets any inconvenience. overallrating 5   lineend
name aashish review Its very useful. Looks really nice when you have an electric or acoustic on the stand. very durable as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Abigail Ferreira review Went shopping at the local music store for a guitar case, too expensive.  Went to Amazon found a great case, great price and free stand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andy Clark review Great value.  Works great.  Easy assembly.  Must fully expand base before you set guitar in it overallrating 5   lineend
name arleas review It arrived in a small package with 3 main pieces in it (the base, the bottom fork and the top fork) and it didn't take much assembly to put it together.  It does a great job holding the guitar upright and makes it look a lot nicer as well.  I will probably buy a couple more of these.The only downside I can see so far is that the foam padding is rather thin.  I hope this doesn't eventually have a hole wear through it, but over time I could see it happening.  I suppose by that time I could find some replacement foam and fix it myself though. overallrating 5   lineend
name Barbara Embry review This stand is made of quality products.  It cradles my guitar perfectly and is angled just right.  This is our second one as we both have guitars. Worth every penny. overallrating 5   lineend
name CaptainButts review I ordered this product on a Thursday and received it in the mail the following Tuesday. Came very well packaged and with all the pieces. I was very easy to assembly and looks great! For the price, you really can't go wrong with this guitar stand. Works great for either an electric or acoustic guitar. The added strap on the front ensures that your guitar won't fall off. Padding on the stand also ensures that your guitar stays protected. Great stand for the price!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Captn' Bob review I bought a couple to replace some of my old rusty chrome stands and was skeptical at first.  I have several bass guitars and they are very stable and very economical.  Have bought several more. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Erikson review  Is a good stand. Relatively small but is a secure. The locking top is a good feature as well. Id recommend this over the larger tubular type. overallrating 4   lineend
name Coffee Drinker review I feared that this stand was not big enough for my guitarr&oacute;n which is at least as big as, but much thicker than, a cello. But its design appeared amenable to some home-modification that might make it work, so at the price I took a chance and bought it. Well, the back of my guitarr&oacute;n bulges out like a blowfish, so the neck could not lay back into the upper fork, but it turned out that when this stand is fully extended, my guitarr&oacute;n's body is very gently clamped between the upper and lower forks, like they were made for that. No modifications needed, not even bending.Some reviewers have said that the slightest bump will knock this stand over, but I suspect that none of those reviewers had all three legs COMPLETELY open and therefore extended to its widest base. If you don't really LOOK closely as you open the legs, you'll think you've reached the stop before the legs are fully open. I didn't have it fully open at first, and it was a just a bit too easy to push over, in my view, but still acceptable. When I discovered that I still had to open all three legs a bit more, I retried it and it was much more steady. That last 1/4\" (6.3mm) of movement on each leg was worth 100% improvement. The stand is fully as steady as I had hoped it possibly could be, especially given the price. Amazing.Anyway, I gigged with this stand today and had no problems at all. I even like the way it appears to physically clamp down my guitarr&oacute;n since it seemed to discourage itchy fingers from trying to pick it up while I was on break. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Zemer review I purchased this along with a new guitar for my daughter. The item works fine. It is not overly strong or stable, but the prices was right. overallrating 4   lineend
name David W review  This seems to be a nice, rugged stand.  Much better than the one I received with a guitar I ordered.  It went together fast and is well padded.  It cradles my guitar well and seems to be solid.  I'm not sure how much I will use it now I have discovered guitar wall hangers, or string swings.  I prefer hanging them on the wall and not having them on the floor in the way, just my preference.I suppose these would be good for mic night or doing a gig, but I don't expect that will ever be something I do unless I get a lot better than I am now.  I still suck....but I'm having fun and trying. overallrating 5   lineend
name Diego A. Umana review This is a very well-built stand. Looks good too. It does its job well and you can definitely be sure that it will last quite long. Highly recommended. Cheers! overallrating 5   lineend
name Dr. Dale review Great stand, durable, folds down nicely and really does the job!  I keep one at home and just ordered another one for school. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fallbrookdave review Not a whole lot to say about it. Quality materials. Works well. Love to keep my Taylor on it, but had to re-case the guitar during our low humidity days. overallrating 4   lineend
name Greg Runyon review  would buy again, works great, built good, steady, strong, I bought 5 of these total from diff. dealers, all do great overallrating 5   lineend
name Grizz review  serves the purpose.I NEEDED A STAND AT HOME AND THIS DOES JUST FINE.I LIKED THE PRICE. I WOULD PREFER THE CRADLE NOT TO SWIVEL, BUT I AM HAPPY. overallrating 4   lineend
name guillajp review The stand arrived very quickly.  Came in a few pieces but took all of about 45 seconds to put it together.  the neck is adjustable which will allow it to hold multiple sized guitar.  Excellent product. overallrating 4   lineend
name Heather McRae review It's nice for my son to be able to stand his five string bass up in his room on display, while still having it be kept safe.  It helps him remember to practice when he sees it. overallrating 5   lineend
name James review Works like its supposed to. No complaints at all for the price. I will be buying more in the future. overallrating 5   lineend
name James I Van Asten review I used to just have my electric guitar on the chair behind the amplifier. Now with this stand it sits front and center next to my computer. It really makes the guitar stand out. It was relatively easy to assemble with just one person doing it. I recommend this product. Works as advertised and looks sturdy like it will last a long time. overallrating 5   lineend
name James Tepper review  s first and placed the order, for a cheap, collapsible guitar stand for my electric guitars and bass.  When I got the stand and opened it for the first time and tried to put my Fender Jazz bass on it - lol - no way.  Worthless, and it's now holding my son's 3/4 size classical guitar (barely).Undaunted, I ordered this Musician's Gear stand.  Less expensive than the Guardian, it holds my Gibson CS-356 Custom with no problem and I would trust it with any and all of my electric guitars or basses.  The bottom piece that supports the body of the guitar rotates, and that's a little strange (hence 4 stars instead of 5), but with a little care you can put a guitar into it and remove it with little or no attention to placement. For $8, you can't beat it.JM Tepper overallrating 4   lineend
name Janeelizabeth review It is a guitar stand... does what it is built to do... good buy for the cost... I would purchase again. overallrating 5   lineend
name jespi59jr review My guitar, just Love it! This stand is exactly what I hoped it would be. It is all I want or need from a stand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jim 1954 review I have bought three of these. I managed to break one of them where the cradle attaches to the stand. The connection could be stronger, but it was my fault that I broke it. They do a good job of holding my guitars and they look nice. overallrating 4   lineend
name jimrenfroe review It works well I mean it doesn't crumble apart or anything. I use a Fender so its not as much of a worry but I have had one and seen other Les Pauls fall over sideways or get bumped into, they then fall and break the headstock. That's why I don't use them anymore. overallrating 4   lineend
name Joe's Gadgets review  I was a bit hesitant to buy a guitar stand for only 10 bucks but glad I did.This stand is VERY sturdy, well made & durable.Foam padded everywhere guitar touches!! Can be folded for easy transport!! Rubber strap on neck rest ensures guitar will stay put if bumped hard!!Pleasently surprised at the quality of this stand!!Highly recommended, very happy with purchase!!Joe overallrating 5   lineend
name Joyfulsinger review For the price it serves as a good resting place for the guitar when not being played.  Well designed and useful. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kurt Robair review Its a nice stand....cheap, but should suffice. I wouldnt use it for a real valuable guitar but for a kick around gigging stand it should be fine. overallrating 3   lineend
name legendery-sound. review great stand well made safe for ur guitar and practical w safety cord on top . worth getting it. this is one of the better stands out there cuz its well made and great cushined for ur guitar,, and with a great price, overallrating 5   lineend
name L. Ole'son review Works great as a stand for the Elec.Guitar. Work good in corners. And I like it For starting out learning. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lytle3891 review This is a very well made guitar stand. it is stury and strong and light wieght all at the same time. I bought this stand for my sons first guitar but I may have to order myself one as well. for the price this stand just can't be bet. overallrating 5   lineend
name Matt review This seems to have been a rare case but still, i had my ukulele on is and it snapped, I'm worried what might happen with a guitar or a bass overallrating 2   lineend
name Michael Broshar review This guitar stand was very inexpensive and very easy to assemble.  I have no complaints about this stand at all overallrating 4   lineend
name MojoMMjojo review Comes unassembled but is a no brainer to connect the 2 pieces to the frame. works well more stable than my 14 dollar stand. overallrating 4   lineend
name MrGizmo review I was amazed how much better this stand was then the one I had just bought at Guitar Center for the same price. I thought they would be the same but they were not. This stand is built much better. overallrating 5   lineend
name NW_OR_USA review I purchased this stand for my electric guitar and used it for a couple of weeks before the weak weld broke on the neck holder at the top when I placed my guitar in it. Upon close inspection, the weld was very poor and barely attached the neck holder to the upright tube. The tubing is made from very thin round steel tubing that is maybe  25&#34; wall, so don't expect it to take much abuse before it snaps off- even if it is welded better than mine was. Just folding the legs repeatedly back and forth will likely cause it to break or pop out one of light duty aluminum rivets on the legs- it is literally that thin of metal tubing.For $10-11 I did not expect perfection, so to it's credit- it is foam covered where it needs to be and has never scratched my guitars.This stand does have one other good quality- it is CHEAP! Since it was less that $11, I cannot see going through the hassle of returning it. I was able to carefully weld mine back together- but this would probably not be an option for most. The stand might work fine if you don't fold it up regularly and if you leave it set up- but If you need portability and durability- I would definitely purchase a better quality stand. overallrating 2   lineend
name Ocean Blue review I actually own an even dozen of these.  I've never had any issues with them marring the finish on my acoustic guitars.  They work great & you can't beat the price.  I think I paid around $4.95 for most of the ones I purchased.  Although these are great & I will continue to use them as needed (e.g., when playing), I just replaced these today with Swing String Wall Hangers.  I freed-up so much of my floor space by moving 12 guitars to the wall that I was actually excited about all the free space!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul 1946 review  Wrestling the guitar in and out of the case when you want to practice is inconvenient.  This stand allow for a reasonably safe place to store a guitar when it is out of the case.  It even has a band across the neck of the guitar to keep it in the rack. I like it as a safe stoage place as well as the ease it offers to grab my guitar and practice for a few minutes.  It is a reasonably well made rack at a very good price.  It is much safer to have my guitar in this rack than laying about in the house waiting for someone to step on my guitar.update: January 7, 2013...  liked the first one so much I got two more for my other two guitars.  I love being able to pick up one of the three and do a few licks.  Each one is different and now they are all three out of the their cases and at my fingertips.  The price is right and they keep them safely stored. overallrating 5   lineend
name paul day review this is a great product. very light, very sturdy and at a low price.  well worth the investment. overallrating 5   lineend
name Peter Faden review  This is really a no frills stand, except the addition of a neck guard strap, which is a nice touch. It is adjustable for different size guitars and quite stable. There's really not a lot more to say about it, except that, at $7.95, i dont see how you could possibly be disappointed. I would certainly not spend 20 or 30 dollars on a stand when i could buy one of these. overallrating 5   lineend
name PH review I am very pleased with the quality of this stand. It is actually better than my other two and costs a lot less. It shipped on time and the packing was good. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pissed Off! Review should be 1/5 review  This stand really is pretty tough. I have carries it in my gig bag and it has been thrown around and stepped on etc.... Still works great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Quaestor review  There isn't much to get excited about in a guitar stand, however, it does it's job and the price was right. I purchased four and they were all delivered on time. Each adjusted to, and held, its guitar securely. I have found the stand to be very stable. The welds seem secure ad the materiel heavy enough to do the job. My music teacher has a similar stand which cost him 4x as much. It's does not appear to be of better quality. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rahaf review  I've used this stand for about two years now and it held up great. It does what it's supposed to do and for the price it's one of the best  thank you  and guess what  in  amazone  you can find it much cheaper than music store overallrating 5   lineend
name rb1947 review Seems like a good and sturdy stand for the money, my banjo likes it.  It was shipped quickly and in good shape, thanks! overallrating 4   lineend
name Richard R review A good moderately priced guitar stand.I had concerns over the foam rubber cushions affecting the finish on my guitar and as a result I replaced them with standard inexpensive vinyl tubing purchased from the local hardware store.A good moderately priced guitar stand. I would recommend purchasing it. overallrating 3   lineend
name RLL review A inexpensive guitar stand that was easy to assemble (1 minute) and holds up well. Very pleased with this purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sean Serritella review I use this stand to put my acoustic guitar on it. A day doesn't go by where the stand is not in use. overallrating 5   lineend
name seventhson review Just finished setting it up. Works perfect. Stout, stable, and even looks good. It's holding a Gibson Les Paul, so it has to be trustworthy! Great price. Wayne overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Grider review I was a little unsure when I was unpacking this stand as the actual rack swings side to side. When I put my guitar on it, it was fine, it held perfectly. This cradles my guitar nicely. I just wish that it was like the one in the picture and was straight. It actually reclines back fairly far. Well, father than it looks like it would in the pics. I will recommend this to anybody in my life who ends up needing a guitar rack in the future. overallrating 5   lineend
name Skyeye review One of the best stands in the industry!  Fits any guitar, banjo, or even a cello. Good construction and easy to put together.How can you beat that! overallrating 5   lineend
name stefanj review I got 2 of these for my Electric guitars.  They do indeed work, and the stand legs are decent.  DO be careful when un-folding as pinching of skin would be very easy.  The guitar body cradle is very loose and spins around real easy.  The guitar does fit on it well and the neck cradle works well.  I have had no problem with the foam cushion so far (I have modern finishes on my guitars  I don't think I can put my guitars in their gig bags on these stands which is a bit disappointing.  My Epiphone LP seems a bit more tippy on the stand than the Turser Strat knockoff, but that is more the design of the guitar than the stands fault.  I also like the little rubber grommet keepers they include. All in all these aren't bad.  Not quite perfect- but a good value for the money. overallrating 4   lineend
name Tachyon review Good little stand to hold your guitars.  They function well and are inexpensive.  The only downsides are that they are a bit light, best to place them near a wall, just in case you bump them. Also, it seems that every one that I have ordered (Here and MF) have had the foam a bit crushed up simply could be the packaging from the manufacturer though. Do not use these (or any other foam for that matter) on Nitro finishes.  Good product at a Great price. overallrating 4   lineend
name Tatiana Montenegro review does its job just fine. simple and kind of cheap looking and its hard to balance if you have it on a rug (and not even a thick rug...I have a thin rug and it still is unbalanced, but hey, its not really meant for rugs so I can't complain) overallrating 3   lineend
name Tinfoot review I now have two of these (really wish now I had ordered more at the time before the slight price increase -kicks self-) and all I can say - you simply can't beat it.  I also have a Hercules Tri-stand (10x more expensive than this one), and between the two, gotta admit, the only major advantage my tri-stand has is saving space (which actually is a huge consideration for me).  I honestly don't know why other reviewers have had such a hard time with balance as the two Musician's Gear Tubular Guitar Stands I currently own never once have given me an issue (aside from bodily running INTO the thing), and they have held/do hold a variety: Guitars of various styles, Banjos (both open back and BG resonator), Mandolas, anything with a long neck. All in all, unless there is some specialized stand need, I would first come to Musician's Gear. overallrating 5   lineend
name Vensez review It's cheap, light, simple, and does its job. Not sure what else you could want out of it. I'm more than happy with it but just don't know what else to add. It simply works. Bought two of them about a year ago, and I'm still happy with them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wyoming Eagle review I like that this is fairly light.  It works as expected and has not given me any problems.  I recommend this item. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bob Dillin review This is a great item because it is small, lightweight and portable and it clips on anywhere (guitar, mic stand etc.) At the same time, because it is so lightweight it is prone to breakage if you give it hard use and don't pack it carefully when traveling etc..  The clip that holds the paper to the corrugated plastic clipboard is very strong.  The clip that goes to the mic stand is also strong but if you leave it on the stand for months at a time it will weaken and start to slide if you put more than 1-2 sheets of paper on the clip board. This doesn't happen tho if you remove the clip at the end of the gig, day etc.  For this price it's a good buy in my opinion and with a little care, you will get more than your money's worth out of it. overallrating 4   lineend
name N. MCCAMMON review  It is what it is. Works. Works as expected and should last a really really long time. Glad I bought it. overallrating 5   lineend
name windowshopper review i got this to hold set lists and lyrics on stage and at rehearsal.  the clipboard is small and wont hold more than a few sheets but is great for holding a set list and one or two sheets of lyrics or chord charts.  i hang it down from the boom and it is inconspicuous and suits my needs just fine so far. overallrating 5   lineend
name W.R.Amyot review These a cheaply made with corrugated plastic, however they are surprisingly durable. THESE ARE NOT 8.5x11 (paper size). They are about half-sheet size. overallrating 3   lineend
name AMlevesque review could use a longer  cable  but it does work as it was suggested, and would purchase again if I needed to. overallrating 4   lineend
name Andy Clark review Works great overallrating 5   lineend
name b carney review This is a good working dependable power adapter and works flawlessly with my tc electronic guitar ditto looper.No complaints with this. overallrating 5   lineend
name Benjamin Adrian review Soume times you just need a transformer-based, low amperage power supply for pedal where the switchmode-based, modern supplies are just too noisy.  This was the cheapest.  So it goes. overallrating 5   lineend
name cassandra tu review  I've had this for 4 days and so far it's still working perfectly. I use it for my distortion box as a lot of people are as well. If you're looking for a 9v power supply with negative tip for your effects box, this is great. overallrating 5   lineend
name christopher Lamothe review you will want this to save your battery's when there is no power around not much more to say good luck overallrating 3   lineend
name DonJr review Right product at the right price.  I have 20-25 of these dang things layin around cause I never throw them out.  but never fails I need one I don't have(to drive a zoom pedal to save on batteries), and here it was. overallrating 5   lineend
name Don review  Nothing makes a customer more mad than to buy something that just doesn't work.  Well,....that's not the case here.  This power supply is well made (durable) and performs to the specs supplied.  I guess a person can take the risk of buying a variable output adaptor with the proper power pin configuration,...but why go to all that trouble?  This product lives up to it's calling.  Besides, who wants to keep changing batteries in the Stobe Tuner (Planet Waves) when this power adaptor is easy to plug in and forget.  I gave it a 5-star rating because the price is fair, the product is well made and works, and it was shipped well within the promised time.  By today's standards, that's as good as it gets.DP overallrating 5   lineend
name Garot M. Conklin review This is what these things should cost and this is how they should work.  I will be trying this out in a chain of effects (as the single power supply) so I will report back if it cannot do that.  Works as expected for 1 to 1 pedal power.  Enough said. overallrating 5   lineend
name guitsteve review I have had a few converters purchased at electronics stores over the years and none seem to stand up to the vigorous use placed on them by the road. I have not had this long enough to know if it will, but so far so good... overallrating 4   lineend
name Hambone73 review This product has a simple function but if you need a 9V adapter, this is the one to get. I trust the Planet Waves brand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Highmember review nice and fine product  working for many hours with no degradation of the sound , no too much heat and easy plug for instant job overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeffrey Riedy review From the moment I started using this, I noticed a radio signal overlay when used with my mini amp and headphones. overallrating 3   lineend
name Jim 1954 review I plugged it in the outlet. Plugged it into my Fender Mini Tone-master Amp. I don't need to worry about batteries any more. overallrating 5   lineend
name John review I'm only running two pedals, so I'm not sure how far you can push this, but it's working fine for my setup. overallrating 5   lineend
name jr review This power supply works awesome with pedals and mini amps without giving you that static hiss you get from some other brands. overallrating 5   lineend
name MetalFan review I bought this using Prime and am happy with the power supply. I have many different makes of power supplies. In the end, they are all the same. Proof of this lies in the Boss unit I have owned for 20 years.Amazon had the Planet Waves 9v supply for the lowest price, lower than local retailers and if you do not use or need a &#34;1 Spot&#34; this will not let you down. I may order more to use with some of my older pedals not on my board. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael A. Rammel review  I got this for my Line6 Pocket Pod. It works great so far. and was way cheaper then the line6 adapter!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Livote review  Instead of shelling out over $25 0 for a Line 6 A/C adapter for my Pocket POD, I decided to give this one a try out, and I'm glad I did! It's well made, works great, and saved me quite a bit of coin in the process. Can't beat this one for sure :-) overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Black review I bought this adapter to power several devices by different manufacturers. Thus far, I am very pleased. Some of my guitar effects require at least 320 milliamps, which this adapter handles with no problems. I have heard no hum or noise from the adapter, either. It does its job reliably and well. I would definitely recommend it to a friend. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pa user review works well with every pedal i tried so far. Can't ask much more than that from it. It was the easiest one on my wallet here on Amazon. go for it if you need one (or 2) overallrating 5   lineend
name scott schwartz review I needed a 9-volt adapter to use with an Danelectro N10B Honey Tone Mini Amp.  This was recommended and I am happy with the product. overallrating 5   lineend
name SLV review Someone snagged the first one, they must have wanted it more than I did. The first one worked great and so does this one. I would recommend this product to everybody. overallrating 5   lineend
name Stephen Jones review  Five stars because it works on my Digitech GNX guitar processor which requires 9 volts and about 75 Milli-amps. This has an output of 300 Milli-amps. For electronics the voltage has to be correct. But an appliance will only draw as many amps (current) as it needs. So this adapter is coasting when used with the guitar processor and can be used with other devices that draw up to the 300 Mamps. Just be sure your (9v) device doesn't require more than the 300 Ma this can deliver. But it's a power adapter, I cannot be in love with a power adapter. overallrating 5   lineend
name Vic review Ok reviewing something's I just don't see the need. Ok that being said , I searched for lowest costing 9v adaptor that met or exceeded the am required to run my pedals...this came up first and is IMO all that one would need to run a pedal or other guitar add ons. I dont know what else to say..... The cord isn't very long but not overly short either, I have another brand adapter and it is about the same length and size etc. ok for now that's all I got, I may edit later on down the line. overallrating 5   lineend
name victormanuel3007 review I bought this ac adapter for my electro harmonix od glove pedal, this ac adapter works in many pedals, a great option, buy one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bryan Harvey review This works well...A few cons:1. it is not variable speed. on/off in either direction with full torque. Not so bad... but variable speed would have been nice.2. it is a little loud.Other than that... does what it should as expected. overallrating 4   lineend
name Don review  Here's what you'll need to know about this product if you're interested in getting one.....1.  The 'head' accommodates multiple tuning peg sizes due to the slot config.  That's a good thing.2.  The trigger is a rocker switch..... so you can wind and unwind,....quickly.  That's a good thing, for the most part.3.  It is not variable speed.  One speed.  FAST RPM!  It takes some practice and patience.  Nothing special, just the will to get used to it.  Initially, and until you get used to it, you'll have the head jumping off the peg.  Don't 'fret' (bad pun)... a few minutes of rehearsal with it and you'll get to like it.  I've opted to pull the trigger in short bursts so as to refrain from having a string change remind you of a NASCAR tire change in the pit.... and especially because when you get close to the desired tension you need to go slowly so as not to over-run it.I would have much preferred a device that has a two-position switch.... 'slow' and 'fast' position on the trigger for more control.  I've rated it 4-stars, not 5, not because there is anything 'wrong' with it or that it doesn't work.  It does all that the advertisements say it will.  It's the aspect of the device I had to find out the hard way that keeps me from giving it a 'perfect' score.All in all, be patient and all will be well.  Realistically, I don't need to change a set of strings in just a couple of minutes.... I've got hours if I chose to.  I suspect most folks are in the same position.  If you're a 'roadie' for a big group, I could see the need,...the need for speed. But, alas, I'm not.  So, like some of the other things I've purchased along the way, I now have a new toy.  I works.  I'm satisfied...... for now.DP overallrating 4   lineend
name Gary Jennings review  I'm so glad Ernie Ball decided to put out this tool. I've been using the manual kind for years and have been tempted in the past to get an attachment for my cordless drill. The reason I never did was that I was worried it would be too powerful for that purpose. This is made for string changing with just enough power and speed for the job and the right head to fit all kinds of tuners. I love it! overallrating 5   lineend
name sam sultan review I frequently restring mandolins and 12 strings so obviously it's a huge convenience. Even if it doesn't save a WHOLE lot of time it's very ergonomic. Wish it had more speed variance but it's great for the price! overallrating 4   lineend
name T. Winkler review  This makes changing strings of breeze I was using a hand winder for many years.Unit takes four AA batteries but is very powerful also has a lock on it so it won't accidentally be put into a drawer and engaged.Looks to be quality made just what the doctor ordered. overallrating 5   lineend
name AT review First things first. If you have one or many expensive guitars BUY THESE. They keep you guitar safe from falling. To take it off all you do is hold down a button in the side and your strap and the lock with pop off. It's very handy. Very very easy to install and protects. Be warned they are bigger than they look but to do what they do so well they must be big. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Bellino review I had the ones that came with my strat which I believe are Schaller's. I like the security of the Schaller's better because even if the pin is pulled they aren't going to let your guitar loose. However, my problem with the Schaller is that it would always unscrew the neck screw. I had to tighten it after every other use and let me tell you, not a little loose, but a lot loose.With the Ernie Balls, there was no redrilling which is needed with Strap Lock and the EB's screw is good and long. You also don't have to put them together like the Strap Lock, which is a bit of a pain.These have stayed very tight with no cause for my concern. I'd have rated 5 stars if the plastic you push together to insert and release was knurled. That would make it easier to grab and use. These will now be my default locks. The quality of the nickel is very good, too. overallrating 4   lineend
name Diego A. Umana review Earnie Ball's guitar strap locks are great. in my opinion, the best there way over other brands like Dunlop, Schaller and many others. I have them installed on my Les Paul Axcess and my Jackson Dinky and they are very secure both when rehearsing and gigging. You can definetely trust them to do their job. They also look great. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Harry Reimer review My Les Paul is heavy.. The strap would constantly fall off. So I decided to get a set of strap locks. These installed in minutes, and really dont change the look of the guitar at all. You will need a nut driver to screw the lock to your strap. If you dont have locks on all your guitars, you cant interchange your straps easily any more, so I recommend getting them for all your guitars. The other added benefit I found is that on my hollow body the strap was actually scratching the back. With these locks the strap sits away from the guitar, so it fixes that problem as well. When I buy a new guitar, I get new locks. Are there better locks out there? I'm not sure, but Im committed now as I wanted the same locks on all my guitars.. Has never failed me yet. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kenwood review I've found these strap locks to be much better than the alternatives by Schaller and Dunlop. These look the best out of all strap locks and have a great feel to them when locking and unlocking your strap.I use them on a PRS SE 245 and I did not need to do any additional drilling. The screws that came with the product went in perfectly and were secure.Highly Recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kevin review These  work great! It's hard to write a review of strap locks without thinking you are wasting your time. You have a strap. You have a guitar. This locks them together. But, these do work really well. Compared to other brands, I find them easier to use and that is great after a couple of beers. Downside is that the strap is further out from the guitar than is generally considered (by me) to be aesthetically pleasing. But, this is true for most strap lock systems. So, I say go for it! overallrating 4   lineend
name Mike review I had looked around for strap locks for my Dean Dime Razorback, and was not happy to see that most locking mechanisms were designed with a button on top to release them.  My guitar straps attach on the rear and underside of the guitar which would be easy to accidentally press when the guitar hits my waist causing unknown horrible damage.Then I saw these and knew they were perfect for my situation.  I installed them last night and could not be happier.  They are very solid and the lock is 'positive' so you can feel the click when it is set.  I am sure they will work well if your guitar straps mount in the traditional spots as well.  This is a great product at a good price.Note:  If you are installing on a Dean Razorback or ML, the stock front strap mount screw goes through the plate, body into the neck....DO NOT USE this to mount, or pull the old strap mount off and return the screw...it is too long and will likely split your neck.  Just drill a hole right next to it and install the locking mount right next to it (it can touch it even and still function properly).  Enjoy!  I really am happy that my guitar is much more secure now and don't worry that I will hurt my favorite guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review I got this Duet2 instead of the single-light version as most Kindle users do.  So far I really like it, cuz it really brightens up the screen and makes it easier to read, even better than day light.  The only trick is to arrange the two lights on the sides of the screen to not having to see the reflection.The AC adapter is a great money saver, as I usually read 5-6 hours at night, and burning up 3 AAA batteries each night is not really a solution :)If you have a Kindle DX, I would strongly recommend this Duet2 instead of the single light version, cuz there's almost twice as much screen to cover.Of course, I also use this on on my music stand beside reading on the Kindle.  It's a versatile light source, and I really like it a lot. overallrating 5   lineend
name Anne Brody review Have not used the light as much as I thought I might, but it works okay. Each light has multiple, independent settings. The beams are narrow, but you get two of them.The major downside is that they sometimes turn on if they are carried with other things in your bag. Something in the bag will trigger the switch, and the light may be on for hours without you knowing it. There is no good way to prevent this other than to take the batteries out of the light during transport.Also, you cannot really tell from the product picture, but the clip is best used for narrow or thin objects. It does not work well (or at all) with object more than 1/4 inch thick. overallrating 3   lineend
name Barryd0927 review this light is exactly what I needed! very bright and great battery life, AND it comes with power cord unlike some others where the cord is $10. more .  we are an acoustic duo and play out on a lot of decks  at bars and restaurants and this is perfect, lights the music book nicely a definite must have overallrating 5   lineend
name Bassman Al review  I love the dual bulb design.  The clamp slid around a bit on my music stand.  Overall I like the design and flexibility.  Accidental turn-on in instrument case or gig bag could be a problem.  I'm sure I'll need to find a way to protect the product from breaking since it seems like it would not stand a chance on its own in my gig bag. overallrating 4   lineend
name chris review I bought this for my hercules fold up stand and it works great. There are 2 light sources and each has a choice between 1 or 2 lenses for brighter or softer light. The plug-in accessory is great, and my pedal board has an outlet. It runs fine on batteries also. Very pleased. overallrating 5   lineend
name dashreeve review These are great,  have 3 of them now. I use them when I play with my duet and sometimes with the band. Used to plug in, but the batteries last a good while so I rarely use the cord anymore (there are enough cords in my life). I use a 3 ring binder with lyrics and fake chords, these light up everything pretty well. Only complaint - the clip isn't the best, but it's never fallen off or anything like that. Will but another one if any of them die, great product. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Thomas review  Not as bright as I would like them; however, very nice.  I can practice without lighting up the whole house.  I'm glad that I bought it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joehorse review Super, Excellent for dimly lighted rooms.............serves it's purpose really well and I plan to keep one of these handy from now on. Thanks for good quality products at a fair price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kenneth G. Nielsen review  This had to be designed by someone who understood the need for well-placed lighting for those who need to read sheet music while performing. the flexible necks allow you to quickly twist and aim the light 'just right' over two open pages. The battery operation is nice if you want to be portable, but I have found that the AC adapter (Mine came with the light, check to be sure you get one with yours) is the way to go if you have a piano or keyboard in place where you practice every day. My Duracell batteries ran down quickly, over a few weeks before I noticed the light becoming slightly less and less. The AC adapter keeps the power flowing and the lights at full brightness. The whole unit is light enough to clip onto a music stand back or to a music book that you place other sheet music in front of. I needed to buy an extension cord as the AC adapter cord is only about 6 feet long, and while that sounds like a lot, by the time you lay it out where you want it (out of the way to avoid tripping) you might need to add an extension cord too. I understand the LED's themselves last a long long time, so that is good, they operate at a very cool low temperature so no hazard there. All in all, these do the job, illuminating with a pleasant easy to read-by light. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kevin J. Post review This light clips on the back of the stand and hold nicely.  The light from the LEDs has a blue tint to it. I'd prefer something more 'white'. Each light can be controlled individually and has a low and high setting. I gave 4 starts because it doesn't get quite as bright as I'd like but it does the job.  It seems well-made and will operate off battery power as well as an AC adapter which is included. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mr Goop review This Mighty Bright is  great!!!!  It clips to my music stand, has battery power or ac adapter ( included) and lights up the entire music stand with very little glare. If you need a light for reading music or for just reading, this is it......... overallrating 5   lineend
name MyBeesWax review  I already own aMighty Bright LED Book Light with one lighting head, but I bought this light as a semi-permanent fixture on myDocument/Book Holder, which is mounted on anarticulating arm(took a little DIY'ing).This music light has one drawback; it doesn't have a master switch. To turn on both lights, you would have to independently turn on the switch atop each light head (two switch presses). To turn off both lights, you would have to independently double-click each light head (four switch presses) -- the first press brings the light to a lower level and the second press turns it off (each light head has two light levels: bright and medium-bright -- for a total 4 illumination combinations).I use this light for music sheets, documents, and books. The &#34;mighty bright&#34; label is no misnomer to be sure; these lights ARE mighty bright. They provide more than enough illumination to make even smaller texts readable in low ambient light conditions. Each light head provides very even illumination for a letter size sheet (the light starts to get dimmer just beyond the fringes of the sheet), so two light heads will provide sufficient illumination for a good-sized area. It will simultaneously illuminate the verso and recto of even the largest books. The flexible goose necks of the music light allows you to easily position the lights to reduce glare (which is inevitable on glossy or semi-glossy pages).This music light is a mighty sweet deal because:(1) it comes with anAC Adapter(which doesn't come with the book light with a single lighting head and has to be purchased separately). The adapter works on both this music light and the book light with a single lighting head.(2) contrary to the product description, this music light DOES come with 3 AAA batteries (at least mine did).Important Note: If you switch from using batteries to using the AC Adapter, the 3 AAA batteries will first have to be removed from the battery housing or the light(s) won't power on.I picked this music light over theMighty Bright Orchestra Lightbecause:(1) I've had my single head book light for many years and I trust this book light to offer the same durability (both lights are indistinguishable save for the single/dual light heads)(2) two goose necks offer more lighting flexibility(3) this music light is about half the price of the orchestra light.---The Bottom Line: The lack of a master switch on this music light makes turning on/off the lights somewhat of a hassle (an unfortunate but tolerable drawback). All the same, this music light is very functional, and as far as durability is concerned, I'm quite confident that it will last me for many years to come (it has the same build quality as my Mighty Bright single-head book light, which I've had for many years). Recommended! overallrating 4   lineend
name Richard R review This is a fairly compact &#34;must have&#34; accessory when working in pit or dim light situations. This music light will easily cover two pages of  music and at a stretch, three pages.The LEDs provide bright , white even coverage making it possible to see the pages of music. The heads are easily adjusted with the flexible mounting arms and the two stage light intensity switch is a good feature when a lesser intensity light is desired.The small size of the light makes it perfect for travelling. overallrating 5   lineend
name Terry Schoenberger review I love this light. It runs on electric so no need for batteries. The goosenecks are metal and well made and the LED lights have switches that can turn on single or double LEDs on each side. It will clip on anything you want to hold it. It's simple, well made and works great. overallrating 4   lineend
name Tinfoot review My home practice area is in a rather dark corner with limited room, and I have this clipped onto my music stand. Illuminates the music far better than the previous ones I had used, including one that used a full sized bulb (rather too much light and not very portable). Have no trouble that others have mentioned, just it loses a star because the included ac adapter cord is  short , making it for all intents and purposes useless to me without having to string along an extension cord to my music stand (ugh, more cords). overallrating 4   lineend
name arleas review I expected this to be a good mic but it's amazing how much different the quality is over your standard desk mic. overallrating 4   lineend
name B review I use this microphone mainly to record music. Occasionally I use it for voice chat where it supposedly excels in quality compared to desktop USB microphones. I think the best way to describe this microphone is that it is &#34;above average&#34; but does not outperform any higher-end non-USB microphones that I have played with in the past. While it is not an &#34;outstanding&#34; microphone, it's still a great entry-level product for those on a budget.The microphone is relatively easy to use (just plug in the USB cable) but it needs some accessories to be efficient. For instance, the stand that comes with the microphone cannot hold the microphone upright. It seems like it will tip over if you breathe on it the wrong way. Remember to buy a solid desk (or floor) stand for the microphone, as well as a shock mount and a pop filter. overallrating 5   lineend
name Christian Matthew review I am a musician who needed budget home studio equipment. Paired up with a nice pop filter, this mic is able to produce some amazing vocal recordings. You'd be surprised to find out how many famous youtube musicians or podcast creators use this mic. It took me some time to get the hang of miking amps, positions and vocal distance, but I am truly getting more than my money's worth for what it's putting out. Check out some demos of quality on youtube if you need further convincing. I am very glad I made this purchase.I've owned this mic for 2 years if you're curious about durability. overallrating 5   lineend
name David V. Locker review  I was looking for a better quality Mic but not willing to pay a high price to sing on the Internet.  This was a low price and high quality solution.  Nothing to load and I was singing right out of the box.It does pick up noise around me since this is a condenser mic but, that just means you pick a quiet place to record.. LOL overallrating 5   lineend
name DeTechTive review  This mic is absolutely awesome! It looks and feels SO high quality. The sound is stunning. It could be a tiny bit better for the price, but I'm absolutely pleased with it overall. Best mic in this price range by far! overallrating 5   lineend
name Eric review This microphone's quality is amazing. I just hooked it up to my PC (Windows 7) and it worked no hassle whatsoever. Nothing to install or hoops to jump through, just works great. I recommend buying a mic stand of some kind if you really want to eliminate vibration or other background noises. The stand that comes with it is very stable, but it is low to the ground (or in this case, desk/table) so it may pick up some unwanted background noise (computer fans, mouse clicks/movement, etc). overallrating 5   lineend
name Hurley review  I use this to record vocals and acoustic guitar on my iMac.  The simplicity of this mic is very nice.  The sound quality is also very decent.  I haven't ever used one of those 'professional' quality ones but this has not disappointed me so far.  The only complaint I have is that there is no 'On/Off' switch.  The only way to turn it off is to unplug it.  Other than that I totally recommend this Microphone! overallrating 4   lineend
name Josh Adams review  This is the best USB Condenser mic I've ever used.  I needed to buy a condenser mic recently that had to be XLR.  I bought the AT2020 XLR version, simply due to the fantastic results I've achieved with this one.I only use this microphone for podcasting.  I do not record music with it, but I haven't tried yet.  If you're curious as to the sound quality, listen to my podcast \"Rock Crushes Paper\" on iTunes and Zune Marketplace.Just to give you an idea of what I'm using:Windows 74 GB ramPentium 4 Dual core 2.2 ghzAdobe Auditon 3The build quality is fantastic, built like a tank really.  The only knock I have on this is the little tripod stand.  Yes, it's a tripod stand, but I can't imagine actually being in a spot where I'd rather use that then the On-Stage desktop mic stand.Anyways, great mic.  Can't recommend it enough.  It's made me check out other Audio-Technica products. overallrating 5   lineend
name michaelht1 review works great, small and easy to place to the side and out of the way, simple setup, plug it in, change the preference settings and it works overallrating 5   lineend
name Shastafication review I bought this microphone for youtube/podcasting and it does a REALLY perfect job. The quality is great for me. It was what I had expected it to be. I also bought a desktop mic stand with it, as well as a shockmount and popfilter. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bloose review Great sound and sensitivity. Very well made. These should last a lifetime barring any physical damage. Made in the USA to boot! These may not be the cheapest but they are worth every penny! overallrating 5   lineend
name camden108 review these wires definatly change the sound of the snare, drasticly improving sound, as well as looks. very satisfied with my purchase overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael review Shipped fast, sounds great and the price was way better than a lot of other places that i know of overallrating 5   lineend
name muttonchops review  Perfect chain for most rock sounds.Get the 28 strand for a thicker snap.I might try out the 28strand next year. I'm pretty happy with this one right now.The place I live in has corrosive air though its not messed these chains. overallrating 5   lineend
name NoName review This is a excellent Snare Wire, used it to replace an old noisy snare wire that rattled on my old Pearl Snare Drum, quick and easy to replace, came with straps to secure but did not use them as I prefer string. Improved the snare sound by 100%, no more rattle, snare now has a very fat tight crisp sound, well made product that did the trick. Product came with simple clear to read instructions with pictures, if you follow the instructions your strand will work perfect. Great Product at a excellent price. overallrating 5   lineend
name David W review  If you own an American Strat or Tele, this is a must have for the neck of your prize.  I love this.  It proudly states the guitar's origin of Corona. California with the Classic Fender name scribed.  Wonderful.  I have these on all three of my Fenders.  Again, these should really come standard on all American Strats. overallrating 5   lineend
name Home in NJ review Used this to dress up the Saga tele kit I bought on Amazon. It fit perfect and gives the Fender name to a Saga kit guitar. Don't think I'll fool anyone but what the heck. overallrating 5   lineend
name jr review It fits perfect on my MIM Stratocaster, enhancing the visuals of the back. The \"Corona, California\" on the back ads a nice touch when you compare it to the other Fender \"F\" neck plate. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark Rodgers review I was going to get the plate with the big \"F\" on it, but I read complaints that it was very thin, so I kept looking. I took a chance and got this one, and it was a good call. This one is very thick and solid, like it's supposed to be.Great product, great price. overallrating 5   lineend
name MetalFan review I ordered this after I saw one on a squier bass at a local shop. The plate looks great on my MIM fender Telecaster and it is thicker and nicer than the Fender 'F' plate I see on other guitars. I used the screws and it was an easy install. Other reviewers have posted about the finish and thickness of the plate. The plate has five screw holes, but doesn't look bad using 4.This is just a visual mod for me mainly to get rid of the crappy cheap plate which is used on my MIM Telecaster. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gilberto Moreno review  I tried another mini-amps but all sounds like toys. This is totally different, it's the real thing. Made of wood, very good looking and powerfull sound. The only thing I don't like is that it's hard to get clean tones from it, and with a Les Paul it's harder, beside that, it's perfect. overallrating 5   lineend
name J.A review I have not tested other micro amps, this does for what I bought it for, to practice at home or anywhere without disturbing and easy transport, it's very portable to take with you. I really like the overdrive sound, the tuner works really well, I dont like much the clean channel it breaks up fast to a not so clean channel, but overall its a great product, so if you need a good tone, and a very portable micro amp you can give this one a try, it's great. overallrating 4   lineend
name medialint review I've been a musician for most of my life, playing primarily keyboards recently in the studio and with bands, saxophone and a little bass guitar. I've owned a six string guitar for 20+ years that has seen very little use. I had this misconception that my hands &#34;just weren't designed to play guitar&#34;. But recently my life changed a little bit. I have a young boy that's now master of my universe, a lot less room to leave musical gadgets lying about, and I now live in an apartment building where making a lot of noise tends to be frowned upon.I picked up this Micro Crush because I was originally looking for a micro Marshall and I saw this pop up. I knew I already liked the sound of Orange amps (better than Marshall given my druthers of musical taste) and for $69 it seemed like not much of a reach to try it out for myself.Shortly after a small package of value came to me with this charmingly tiny amp in it. My son's mom thought it was a toy &#34;it's so small!&#34; Yes you might think so until you plug it in. The idea here is to sound loud without being loud. This amp is perfect for that.Most of the time I have this thing turned up to about 1, 1 1/2, rarely up to 2 or beyond. I've got a simple effect chain going in: EH Soul Preacher (compressor/sustainer) -&#62; MX Analog delay -&#62; Cheap (but pleasant) Chinese Phaser -&#62; EH Holy Grail -&#62; Amp. I use this as my &#34;clean&#34; sound without the overdrive. It is beautiful. A little Dick Dale-ish. Then when I want a little edge I turn off the phaser and delay and turn on the overdrive. Maybe nudge down the volume a little more and I can rock AC/DC licks at midnight without raising complaints from the neighbors. And it sounds ... BIG!No this is not the same as actually BEING loud. For one thing your ears won't ring. The cops won't come knocking to serve a noise complaint. Knickknacks will remain on their knickknack shelves.  The dogs won't howl.But should you desire to rock out at midnight in your apartment building this amp fits the bill.So much so that I, the man with the hands &#34;just not made for guitar&#34; now have guitar callouses, a lust after a couple $1.5-$2k guitars one of which will soon come home with me and frankly a love for playing the guitar that I never had before in my life. This all because I can just set up my little rig next to the couch and it's always there. Always ready to go. So I play while I'm watching football or baseball. I play while I'm watching the news. I play while I'm playing Crazy 8's with my son. I play morning, noon and night. Not only that but I'm actually getting to be not-that-bad at playing either. Lots of playing/practice seems to inevitably make on better (hint: do those finger exercises too, they work).So I am not exaggerating when I reiterate my headline: this little amp changed my life (for the better).Best buy for under $100 I've made since I bought my son his Strider balance bike. Which is orange too! overallrating 5   lineend
name ng11 review  This Orange Micro Crush amp lives up to it's name. It's little bitty, about a third the size of the Roland Micro Cube, but it's plenty loud. Surprisingly loud really, it's amazing that much sound comes out of that thing. Of course it doesn't have all the bells and whistles of the Micro Cube, it's basically got a clean channel, an overdrive channel and a tuner. Then a volume knob a tone knob and that's it. The over drive gives a good sound but I like to run pedals through it anyway. It's missing reverb, which I would like to have, but it's far from a deal breaker.I have no issues with the build quality, it feels solid as a rock. Of course it's size and trademark Orange color make it look like a toy, it's definitely a capable little amp. Definitely a keeper! overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert A. Gare review I was surprised at the sound that this amp produces.  The build quality is top notch.  Tuner is right on, overdrive seems fine.  I'm not an overdrive player.Cons: so far none and I don't expect any. overallrating 5   lineend
name fotoguy review I'm very satisfied with the performance of the CM-2.  With a few tweaking, I could emulate the sound I get from my Fulltone OCD.  I'd say it's very versatile because there are two seperate controls for low & high frequencies unlike most pedals with just the \"Tone\" control.  A toggle switch lets you choose between \"classic\" & \"modified\" setting.  A tweaker's delight!  The \"level\" knob has a lot of juice.  If you set it at 10 or 11 o'clock, it's plenty loud enough.  Although you can't use it as a clean boost because it gives off a little gain even if you set the \"gain\" knob to zero.  If you have a single coil, it may sound like your tube amp is just breaking up, not so for humbuckers (too much gain).  You can also stack the CM-2 with other pedals.  I dusted my old Boss DS-1 and run it along with the CM-2 and was able to get some good tones.  The DS-1 usually hurts my ears but with the CM-2 behind it, sweet!  The Hardwire CM-2 may not be exotic as the boutique offerings from Klon, Zvex or LovePedal, but it will get the job done at a significantly lower cost.  It's well built, will take the pounding a gigging musician will subject it to.  There may be others better but they cost more than twice the price but not twice as good.  Try it, you can't go wrong!UPDATE:  Did a full comparison between the CM-2, Fulltone OCD & Joyo Crunch Distortion.GAIN:  Joyo obviously has the most gain followed closely by the CM-2 and OCD, 3rd.MIX:  The CM-2 has the most amount of control with separate high & low controls, followed by the OCD with just a tone control and the Joyo Crunch more or less sounds the same no matter what position you put the tone control.  Since the CM-2 has the widest tone range, I can make it behave like a Treble Booster!NUANCE:  The OCD cleans up well when you roll down the volume control on your guitar and is very dynamic.  The CM-2 is a close second and the Joyo Crunch, being strictly a distortion pedal is far behind. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ima Fish review  ed it on Amazon if you want to read it) for boosting my clean sound.  I use the CM-2 if I want to play dirtier and for covers.  Two pedals (plus the tuner) and I can play everything I want.  I'm happy. overallrating 5   lineend
name Slashaholic Anonymous review If you're anything like me, then I know what you're thinking: Digitech= Digital, fake-sounding junk. Not anymore. The Digitech HardWire CM-2 finishes what Digitech began with the Bad Monkey, which is a great overdrive pedal in its own right. But the CM-2 offers tone quality that compares to the best on the market (and as a pedal maniac, I've owned wayyyy too many overdrive and distortion pedals, so in all humility, I know what I'm talking about) and flexibility that is rivaled by none in the market for anything close to the price.What makes the CM-2 so great is that, like several other reviews have mentioned, it's not just another tube-screamer clone. There is no distinct mid-range hump and slightly rolled off bass that tubescreamers (particularly the TS-9) are known to have. There is a lot of range to all the knobs; the level can add some serious boost, bass and treble knobs allow you to significantly change your tone if that's what you're after, or you can dial it to be more (but never completely) transparent. Also, the CM-2 has more gain on tap than most overdrive pedals; you can go from basically a clean boost to adding a surprising amount of saturation to your tone. Lastly, the classic vs. modified switch gives you the option of adding some gain and bass by switching from classic to modified.I've tested the CM-2 as both an overdrive to a clean channel Fender Hotrod Deville, and as a front-end boost to my Bugera 1990 (basically a Marshall JCM 900). The CM-2 sounds great in both applications. Over the clean channel of the Fender, it sounds very full and smooth. Even turned all the way up, the overdrive never sounded very \"grainy\" or fuzzy; it maintained warmed, organic, and tube-like. \"Boutique-esque\" is how I would characterize it. Great for blues playing, and I'm sure that playing with the tone knobs you could dial in some good country tones as well.However, I use it more as a front-end boost to my already-overdriven Bugera amp. In front of the lead channel, CM-2 serves to take my tone from hard-rock crunch territory to a more metal tone, with chunky bass and roaring highs that make palm-muted riffs sound as at home as if they were coming through a Peavey 6505.As a conclusion, I'm really pleased with the quality of the Digitech CM-2. Both the sound and build quality are top-notch, and for a price similar to or less than most quality overdrive pedals on the market, I highly recommend checking out the CM-2. overallrating 5   lineend
name T. Cox review This is the one pedal I can't do without. You can sculpt your guitar tone before it hits your amp, and that's the key to getting a tight rhythm tone at high gain. So if I encounter an amp that isn't tight enough, or the high gain distortion doesn't sound good by itself, I just turn down the gain or use a lower gain channel, and then hit it hard with this pedal. Sounds so much better than the internal high gain distortion.Alright, so here are some things you might want to know before you buy:  The gain knob when turned to zero still produces overdrive. So you can't use this as a  clean  boost pedal. With high output humbuckers, you still get some mild tube-like overdrive at zero gain. But this isn't advertised as a clean boost pedal.  So how much gain / distortion does this pedal have if you're going into a clean channel of an amp?  Plenty for classic rock and blues. Not enough for metal, though if you crank the gain and high knob all the way you can just barely get a prog style metal tone. But it's not a distortion pedal, it's just an overdrive.  This thing uses tiny SMC components in the circuitry and therefore isn't really moddable.  Unlike the Bad Monkey, this doesn't have an additional mixer / cabinet emulated output.  Like a tube screamer, it boosts the mids and reduces the bass so that going into a mushy sounding tube channel you get a tighter distorted sound. Anyone who has a nice warm amp and gets this pedal thinking they'll get more of the same, may be disappointed. What they need instead is a transparent clean boost pedal that keeps their guitar the same tone just louder volume.  The classic/modified switch is pretty cool. I have two guitars, one is kind of bassy and scooped sounding, the other is bright and middy. Well, using the switch, I can make one come out more equivalent to the other when needed. This keeps me from adjusting my amp each time I switch guitars. Classic is a slightly lower gain, more mid-boosted sound. Quite tight. Think Peavey 6505 EQ structure. Modified is more scooped, saturated. Think Mesa EQ structure. So this switch is a useful little bonus.   It eats batteries, sucking in around 150 mA at 9V, so my 300 mAH rechargeable lasts 1.5-2 hrs. I swear if that blue LED weren't so bright it would probably get an extra hour. Instead of getting an adapter, I got an 8-battery AA clip, 9V battery clip, 12V DC plug, and 8 Sanyo Eneloop batteries. Hooked it up with negative tip, positive sleeve and now I have a 16,000 mAH monster = about 100 hours play time.This pedal is perfect. You get what it's advertised to do. It's rugged, looks good. I haven't found it to be noisy at all, unless there was something wrong with my guitar (strings not grounded through the bridge, etc...). Someone mentioned the silver tops of the dials falling off as if they were decals, but I looked and the knobs seem like all one solid piece to me.Another thing I found is that instead of using an overdrive plugin in my DAW, if I use this real overdrive pedal in front of my interface, that magically makes all hum / noise from my pickups go away.Overall, yes I highly recommend this, and would suggest people check out the Hardwire Metal Distortion if they want something as a standalone rather than an overdrive into a crunchy amp. Like others, though, I can't stop playing through this. Great purchase, especially if bought used. overallrating 5   lineend
name Victor review The CM-2 is magnificent: [1] It produces beautiful overdrive (one that doesn't destroy your guitar's tone). [2] It has independent \"High\" and \"Low\" tone controls, and these controls are extremely sensitive to even minor changes--thus allowing for great versatility in tone-manipulation. [3] It features a switch that allows you to pick between \"classic\" overdrive and an extra blast of distortion (\"modified\"). [4] The case is made of metal. [5] It comes with a cover for the knobs so that you can avoid altering your settings when depressing the pedal. This pedal will not give you \"metal\" distortion; for that consider Digitech's TL-2. Instead, it produces a warm, old-time overdriven tone. I love this thing! overallrating 5   lineend
name Barryd0927 review this cup /bottle holder fits nicely on my mic stand and holds my water....(or adult bottled beverage) while playing. seems sturdy and doesn't get and condensation on my pedal board due to the neoprene , great product overallrating 5   lineend
name Bmkeener review There's not much to say about this product other than it can hold up a beer or water bottle really darn well. Mounting it to the stand took all of 30 seconds and if feels sturdy as can be. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian Damage review This is an absolute must-have item for any gigging drummer! Holds your drink, just like it says it will. What more can you ask for out of a drink holder? No more wasted beers getting kicked over during sets for this guy (at least not unintentionally). Pro. overallrating 5   lineend
name Eric Leberg review My musician friends notice, and wish they had one. As a flute player, I whet my whistle so to speak a few times during a performance, and this keeps my water bottle near by.  The cup is flexible enough to handle different diameters of cups.  I imagine it would hold beer too. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gregg Bergman review What can you say about a simple device that does exactly what it supposed to do. I used to put my water on the stage an 1/2 the time kick it over. Now it's right where I can find it everytime. overallrating 5   lineend
name Terry Schoenberger review This cup holder clamps on easily and really holds your drink so you dont have to worry about it. The insert part is made out of thick material so it will smash down when you pack it up. You dont really notice the name on both sides at gigs, just a cold beer in front of you thats always in the same place! I love it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Timothy L. Obriant review In my band, we have a song where I use a kazoo for one song and I needed a way to store it until needed. This cup holder does the trick. It also holds my water bottle with no problem. The problem is it doesn't do both at the same time. That's on me; this is a good product for what it does. overallrating 4   lineend
name Brother MOLOCH 969 review  s have pretty much covered just about everything I would say however I still want to say I love this tool. Not being someone who has had a lot of theory under my belt, it's been useful to help me learn the letters of keys. Slowly I am making progress at memorizing key signatures so that I know where I am on the fretboard & where I can go from there. I use it by putting it on my music stand, dialing in the key I want, turn on the drum machine & simply play the chords in that key to the beat. Then when I want to practice the relevant scales of the key, I simply look at the letters and count the fingering for the corresponding note. It's that easy.I will say that I do agree that the instructions are a wee bit too thin for my taste but music notation & theory is not a subject that the average player is adept with. Most folks are self taught like moi where theory is concerned. To really grasp it, one simply has to plod along actually performing the exercises repeatedly. But with rote repetition, eventually comes that \"Eureka!\" moment from time to time & more falls into place.Unlike some others, I'm not one to lug something this around in my gig bag. Who really is going to set & study material like this prior to a gig? That's what you do at home and it's called 'Practice' for a reason.I give this 5 out of 5 stars because it really is a fantastic learning tool & is relatively simple to use as long as you have some inkling of music theory. If not, you may want to take some lessons & then use this as a study guide along with your regular lessons. overallrating 5   lineend
name Casey D review Yeah I kind of bought it on a whim, it's confusing as hell first of all. I don't really understand it but it was shipped and explained perfectly as described. :) overallrating 5   lineend
name Diego A. Umana review This is a very useful and quite educational musician's piece. I especially like the way it is presented and how easy it is to use. It easily helps remember all possible scales and shows many tricks for your musical compositions. Highly recommended. Cheers! overallrating 5   lineend
name G. L. Simms review I love this little device!I'm an amateur musician so I'm on and off on playing. I play enough I need to know theory, but not so often I don't forget the specifics.This gizmo lets me refresh all of those pesky details with the slide of a tab.I don't believe this is a tool to teach people music theory, but it is a wonderful reference once you know what you're looking for.For example, I'm playing with the harmonica now. Simple little instrument right? Well that simple little instrument has you thinking about major, minor, major pentatonic, minor pentatonic, and blues scales in 12 different keys! One section of this wheel lists all of these different scales. Rotate the dial to the key you're interested in and the individual notes for each of these scales in the key you've selected appears. Nice.Although I play guitar, I find the other side of the wheel less helpful. Yes it does show you how to play diatonic chords (MmmMMmD)but they are barre chords based upon the \"E\" chord. If you understand the formation of an E barre chord and its family (E, Em, E7, Esus, Esus4, etc), this may not be so helpful. I really don't use E barre chords much beyond the 7 fret as I usually switch to the \"A\" type barre chord based off of the 5th string so my hand has much less distance to travel. I've not found anything to support these \"A\" type barre chords nor the others: D, G, C.I find the music theory side of the wheel worth the price and the disillusionment with the guitar side my be due to my ignorance. overallrating 4   lineend
name Howard J. Herman review Tons of useful information on this wheel. My only criticism is that the accompanying manual could be far more exhaustive and more clearly written. Seems like reasonably durable construction. Compact enough to stow it in a guitar case. overallrating 4   lineend
name J.A review The only complaint that I have is the instructions they are kind of shallow, if you have musical theory background you should not have much trouble, I'm no expert I have a some knowledge beyond basic, and it's really helpfull to take some reference learning new things, visualize quickly chords, scales, mayor and minor scales, you can view there relationship it's a great tool to learn, if you have deep knowledge maybe you dont need it. For complete begginers it might be difficult to start without reading and taking time to study. This is a great complement to study theory. overallrating 5   lineend
name Josiah Springman review A good tool for study and applying to your music. Keep on hand to help understand theory. Also great for those starting out learning an instrument. overallrating 5   lineend
name LJS review This is a fantastic product that is well made. The plastic is heavy duty and comes with a plastic cover that must be removed before use. This ensures that the wheel you get is in perfect condition.The tool is extremely useful. I have just started playing with a band, and it is very common for band members to call out a song and the key that it is in. With the wheel, I immediately know what chords to choose from. I also know what notes are in each chord. In addition, it has a note by note image of the entire fretboard so that you can see where the roots are for the scale you are playing.The wheel is also invaluable for switching keys. For example, say you're playing the I, IV, and V chords in the key of C., but your lead singer is having trouble and would rather sing it in Bb. All you need to do is dial the wheel to Bb, find out the new I, IV, and V chords, and start playing. The wheel makes chord transposition a breeze.I feel that the negative reviews you are seeing are unfair. This is a very useful product at a fair price.No, I am not affiliated with the company at all. I'm just a band member newbie who appreciates this tool.In my opinion, this is a five star product. overallrating 1   lineend
name Mark King review I'm a songwriter who is always looking for compatible chords. This wheel has made if fun to find chords that work well together, its quick and easy to use. overallrating 4   lineend
name McEldoy review This educational device is truly an asset to all musicians, especially guitar players.  Because it gives complete scales, and notations at a moments glance I find it extremely helpful when my hands are busy, but my mind is wandering. overallrating 4   lineend
name M. C. Malkemus review  I'd suggest that this is not for beginners. More for the intermediate musician. It is not something you are going to understand at first. The learning curve is moderate. Other than that, quite useful and durable. overallrating 5   lineend
name mike n ike review I am confused by this hellish portal of confusion. Looking at it makes me ill - I feel like it's laughing at me, with its indecipherable scribbles. overallrating 3   lineend
name modbantam review I am self taught, and this pup is essential for tune writing, finding quickie relative minors and such.If you want to understand any theory, start here after learning basic chords.This is how basic chords relate to each other.Yeah, Baby. If you're boss, you need the Info.-Austin Powers? overallrating 5   lineend
name Hayden review Let me start of by saying this tuner is great.My previous tuner was a Korg CA-40 and frankly, that tuner is terrible.The main differences between SAT800 and the CA-40:SAT800 has a build-in light, CA-40 does not.CA-40 has a build-in stand at the back to prop it up to a 45deg angle, SAT800 does not.SAT800 has a auto and manual mode, CA-40 has auto.SAT800 displays the octave of the note, e.g. 1E, 2E, etc, CA-40 displays only displays the alphabet, E for all oactaves.SAT800 has a numerical display for the cents off, CA-40 does not.What made me get a new tuner is how finicky the CA-40 when using the build-in mic. The needle on the graph just jumps all over the place from the harmonics of the guitar and that has nothing to do the sensitivity or accuracy of the tuner. Yes, it is accurate but so are many of the tuners out there that do not have such a poor usability. Another issue with the CA-40 is the poor screen. The screen is so dark and only viewable head on.The CA-40 does not have any of the flaws of the CA-40 and is even more accurate.What this tuner has: accuracy, usability, durability, versatility. What more can you ask from a tuner of this price? overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Beach review  Over the years, I've literally owned dozens of electronic tuners...generally five or six at a time in various locations...ranging from a $12 Musiciansfriend promotional item to a $200 rack mount. Most have been in the $30 range from Sabine, Yamaha, Korg, and Seiko. The Seiko SAT800E is my all time favorite because, like Mama Bear in the fairy tale, it affordably splits the difference between \"too small\" and \"too big\". It stays put on the floor when I run it inline between my guitar/bass/uke and my amp and its LCD display is large enough to be legible when I'm standing. At the same time, it neatly fits in my ukulele case. Beyond that, it simply does what good electronic tuners do, accurately and without fanfare. Bravo. overallrating 5   lineend
name P.K. Frary review  I teach class guitar in a community college and bought the SAT800 to loan to students during class. I selected it for the rubber bumpers and beefy build, expecting anything in this day and age to nail pitch quickly and accurately. And, indeed, it tunes acoustic and classical guitars without filching. Oddly, in one year of use, nobody has dropped it so the bumpers also provide a sure grip in hand and on music stand. My prior smooth plastic Seiko cost four times as much as the SAT800 but managed to hit the deck several times a week. Amazingly it still works perfectly but was not well suited for butterfingered students. However, the display was larger and sported colored note names, so it was more intuitive for beginner use.The built-in mic works fine in a quiet room but is useless in a classroom full of guitars (as are all built-in tuner mics). You need to use a tuner pickup and all is well (I use a Korg tuner pickup). If I were to nick pick I'd have to say the letter name of the pitch is way too small on the LCD. It's tucked in the far right corner in 12 point type and positioned just after the octave number. A lot of students can't read or notice such small type. Also the octave number immediately in front of the letter confuses many beginners as they assume it is the string number (doesn't matter how many times I explain that it isn't). Finally, it is too easy to accidentally recalibrate the pitch. Nearly every week somebody inadvertently sets it to A435 or whatever and causes a bunch of other students to be out of tune. A lock button or some other safety would be a smart design upgrade. Most of these nick picks don't apply to pros or advanced players but are something to consider if you're a novice.Add a calibrate safety feature and double the pitch name size and this would be a 5 star product. Right now it's a mere 4.5! overallrating 4   lineend
name Ryszard Sytnik review This is my first guitar tuner, I don't have expiriance to determine: do this tuner is better then other tuners. Is working very good, 100% satisfaction. overallrating 5   lineend
name seventhson review Rugged, good looking, efficient...sorta like me. Have several tuners of different names and quality. But this Seiko is certainly the quickest. The rubber housing is an excellent idea. Would buy another. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Castillo review It's a pop filter. In case one wasn't good enough, they double it up! Works great. No complaints whatsoever. No need for a fancy pansy $50 metal mesh screen. This works just as good. overallrating 5   lineend
name jimmytt review This pop filter does the trick everyone is blown away to see a double filter. It is still made out of plastic and can be quite easy to crack when trying to position but as long as your carefully it should last for awhile. overallrating 4   lineend
name Josh Leger review Pop filters already work great to block out wind and other unwanted noises from a microphone. And this with that extra filter on it, it blocks even more. It's simply amazing. Worth the extra few bucks to get the double filter. If I want I can blow directly into the filters and it'll block all wind from the microphone and will only pick up soundwaves. overallrating 5   lineend
name mikey3582 review Works exceptionally well. In fact, this works better than regular, single-layered pop filters I have used in the past and your sound is either not compromised at all or the sound is barely effected so that you would not notice.Well worth the money. The build and design of the pop filter is sturdy and can attach to a majority of microphone stands. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert Mitchell review  Very nice pop filter! I use it on all my condenser mics! It works perfect for those hard P's and strong S sounds. It's built very well and adapts to almost any mic stand. It makes DeEssing a lot simpler when mixing vocals. And it looks very professional! I wouldn't be on the mic without it, now that I know of the big difference it makes having it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review When set on blink, they blink way too fast.  When not set on blink, all 4 lights come on and focused into just 1 spot that the combined color come out white.  Useless design. overallrating 2   lineend
name Brian Tassina review  I purchased 4 of these, of the four 1 was no good on arrival another failed after 2 short time uses. I will not buy more. The first one was returned after some resistance from the seller the second one had passed the warranty time before it had failed. Suggest thoroughly testing these upon arrival if you purchase these. For the $$$ should be more dependable. overallrating 2   lineend
name Charles Casterline review They are not designed with a switch to have all lights on at the same time. So if you need that sort of control on your lights this will not do it. They are fairly bright and the lightweight metal body is nice. overallrating 3   lineend
name OMEB review Very bright! 4 of them are great for lighting up the front stage of a band which is my application for them! Worth the money! overallrating 5   lineend
name Terry Schoenberger review I own the older Color Bank with the bulbs and it works better that this one. I love the size, weight and LED bulbs on this one though. It has a nice color throw too. It also has speed control and audio control just like the older model but........this new LED version is built with less quality. When you turn both speed controls all the way down to the lowest settings, the bulbs still keep flashing to the next one, about every second. They do not stop flashing when it's plugged in since it don't have an on/off switch. If you are using this on a switcher, then it wouldn't be a problem.I'd prefer the light to stop when the music stops, but it don't. When you try to adjust the audio flashing, it is so sensitive to sound that the lights just keep flashing very fast in rotation.Also the circuit board inside is held to the metal panel by 4 plastic pegs sticking through the back. They will stick your hand and eventually get pushed inside and the small circuit board will move around. Within 1 hour of getting it, I had to take it apart, push the plastic pegs back through the holes and melt them with a hot knife so they would stay in place.I love the light but it's not as useful to me since it's \"always\" flashing. It's possible I have a defective one, not sure.The cool bright LED bulbs are the best part of this light.   UPDATE,  I played with one of these in the store and it actually worked better. When you turn it all the down, the lights stopped flashing until the music started again. The one I have never stops flashing, even when the music stops. I guess I got a bad one. overallrating 3   lineend
name Bob review Works great with my Fender Super Champ X2 amplifier. However, it does not come with a cable. I would highly recommend. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dave review By recommendation, from the Acoustic tech people, I purchased this for my Acoustic 300B.  Unfortunately it was the Wong switch. BUT&#62;&#62;&#62;It has true FENDER quality.  Well built. Heavy duty construction. The switches are rock solid. This switch can withstand some heavy, quick switch, action.. Rubber, no skid, bottom is a plus. I KEPT the switch because of the quality. I know It will come in handy sooner or later.  . overallrating 4   lineend
name Ima Fish review  I bought this to go with my Super Champ X2 combo.  It works.  It also came with a cord.I was not happy the Super Champ X2 didn't come with it.  Both my Hot Rod Deluxe and Blues DeVille came with foot switches.  And you really need the foot switch to use the X2's various voicings and effects. Now the X2 is my main amp. overallrating 5   lineend
name Karl Brody review  You need this to get the most out of your Super-Champ XD amp. The only way that i can see an improvement is to make the end pcs out of aluminum instead of plastic. No telling how long the switches will last? Fender tends to make good products. Price isnt too bad but this item should come with the amp IMO. overallrating 4   lineend
name michael king review I really like the foot-switch. Seems well made for the price and works as advertised. I just needed something to change channels on my Fender Super Champ XD. overallrating 4   lineend
name MQ review Works great with my Fender Super Camp X2. Easy connection, easy activation of switches, immediate response. Small, light and compact. Great product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I've been playing guitar for over 10 years and decided to take up ukulele as an extra little hobby.This one is pretty decent, especially at the price point. Not exactly the pinnacle of quality, but good enough to learn on and it comes with a case and a booklet with some basic songs and a chord chart. It doesn't seem to drop tuning enough to be too bad of a nuisance, but if I haven't picked it up for a few days it does need some tweaking. overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  s here that say it goes out of tune \"at first\".  I'm expecting the tuning problem to disappear as the strings get stretched and the windings around the tuners tighten out any slack.[note:  Two days later, after about 8 hours of playing the instrument is staying in tune better and better; I expect the problem to correct itself as the string get stretched]The little 5-page booklet has basic chords and songs--  Row Row Row Your Boat, Are You Sleeping, He's Got the Whole World in His Hands, Twinkle Twinkle Little Star, Amazing Grace, and When Irish Eyes are Smiling.  There was also a blurb about a famous ukelele player who authored the pamphlet on how to play the Ukelele and is the founding member of Louisville Ukelele Association Unlimited (LUAU!)-- a ukelele band.Overall, I'm happy with this ukelele, and fully expect the tuning problem to go away with use. overallrating 5   lineend
name David Townsend review This was an impulse buy.  After playing the guitar for many years I thought a ukulele would be a fun addition, and I was right.  This one proved that you don't have to spend big bucks for a nice instrument.  It has a great sound, appears to be good quality and well made, all for a very reasonable price. At first it didn't seem to stay in tune for more than a day, I decided that it was likely due to new strings as it seemed to improve after a few months.  If your a beginner and am looking for good quality without spending a lot, this is a nice instrument. overallrating 5   lineend
name expert_101 review My first uke so I cannot compare, but it sounds great. I don't know what stock strings it came loaded with but they sounded just fine! overallrating 5   lineend
name JPfromOH review Although I purchased a Lanikai LU-21 ukulele some time ago, I have not had the chance to play it for hundreds of hours.  Despite that, I've been highly impressed with its quality and sound.  As some reviewers note, nylon strings have a tendency to go out of tune pretty quickly and to fret sharp; however, that's more of a function of the strings than a function of the ukulele.  The Lanikai frets well all the way up the fretboard, although as seems to be the case with soprano ukuleles in general, it tends to sound better and more resonant in its lowest range.  The tuners seem solid and all four function consistently and the construction looks to be pretty solid as well.  If I were going to be playing gigs, I'd probably look for a more expensive and presumably higher quality instrument (and I probably would not purchase it without trying it first), but for having some fun, this is a workable and recommended instrument. overallrating 4   lineend
name Justin P. Palmieri review  Great ukulele! Very light which is nice. Intonation is spot on looks beautiful too.A perfect soprano ukulele for a beginner or an experienced player looking for a nicelooking affordable ukulele! overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael J. Edelman review I play a few stringed instruments, and ukulele isn't one of them. But after seeing so many great uke players lately- Jake Shimaukuro, Joe Brown- I had a hankering to try some ukulele playing myself. I wanted a playable instrument, and I didn't feel like spending a lot of money. I've tried $30-40 ukes in stores that were big disappointments- bad intonation, no tone, etc. After reading reviews here and elsewhere I decided to risk a purchase.Result? This is a surprisingly good instrument for less than fifty bucks. Sure, it doesn't have the volume or the rich tone of a soprano with a solid top, but it delivers good tone, excellent intonation, and good playability at a very good price. It may not be a 5-star intrument- but it's a 5-star value.If you're thinking about trying ukulele, but you're not sure you want to buy an expensive instrument right away, I would strongly recommend an LU-21. Even after you buy a better uke, this is a great one to keep on hand to shove into the hands of unsuspecting guests, so that you can play ukulele duets! overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul 1946 review  I bought one of these used that was just like new when I got it.  The craftsmanship is amazing as is the sound quality of this little ukulele.  The build quality, the Aquila strings, and the tuning keys are very high quality.  You can sound great with one of these little instruments in no time.  I downloaded a Lanikai booklet off the internet and was on my way.  It is pure fun to play one of these ukuleles.I bought this for my granddaughter and would suggest a larger model for any adult with larger fingers. Some of the chords are hard to form due to the small size of the frets.  I am still stoked at playing this until my granddaughter takes over on this one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sledman review There seems to be a trend in using a Ukulele in modern music these days. A guitar player for 20 years now I decided to give it a try. This was a low risk (cost) way for me to get my feet wet without committing. It takes a little getting used to with such a small instrument, little neck and only 4 strings but it sure is a blast to play. I wont be making an upgrade any time soon but the sound and build quality is reasonable for the price and for the few songs I use if for it will serve me fine. Highly recommend. overallrating 3   lineend
name Wayne review I don't have experience with toy instruments, but have lots of experience with better quality ones including professional and semi professional ones. I'm not a ukulele player, and this one is for my daughter, whose high school ukulele club features players with a variety of instruments for me to compare this one to.I found this one to be made well enough that it plays well. The frets are properly aligned, and the instrument stays in tune. Notes played on alternate frets are in tune as well as I would expect relative to each other. The tuning issues others have mentioned relative to break in periods are no different from what you would expect on violins or guitars, and are perfectly normal.Although this plays well, I was disappointed with the workmanship. Since I did not see similar comments from others, perhaps mine is not representative. But the workmanship is somewhere closer to the level of lower quality instruments I've seen of other types.The finishing quality is not out of line for the price range, but does not approach what other reviewers have led me to believe. The wood is not properly finished where the neck meets the body, and there are clear sanding marks in the wrong direction. It looks as if it had been finished in a hurry by somebody who had no intention of doing a quality job.A less important issue has to do with the grain. Normally, instrument makers will try to line up the grain with the direction of the body. On mine, the grain is at a slant, giving the impression that the neck is slightly bent. It's an optical illusion, but not a sign of higher quality instrument making.The workmanship issues are cosmetic, and I'm still quite satisfied with the way the instrument plays. The finishing issues will not be visible when being played, and the tonal quality is about what I'd expect from an instrument with such a small resonating chamber. Perhaps there are better sounding soprano models out there, but at this price point it's what I expect. If you are disappointed and want something better, expect to pay at least double. overallrating 4   lineend
name Lytle3891 review I ordered this pedal for my casio keyboard and it works great. It has a realistic feel to a piano and appears to be made of quality matterial. this pedal works great and make my keyboard sound great overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark review I love it.  It works great.  No ambient noise or clicks, as some have suggested.  It's as easy as, you plug it in and/or flip a switch for the desired effect, and voila it works.  So, duh, why do I need to say something moronic or interminable regarding this subject.  Just buy the product and get on with happy music making.  Thank you On-Stage. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  I have used this pedal on both myRoland RD-300NX Digital Pianoand myRoland V-Combo VR-700and it's one hundred percent compatible with both. One nice feature that ensures compatibility is the polarity switch that enables it to work with just about any brand and model keyboard.It's well constructed and I have not encountered any issues with the two-piece bottom. In fact, after over a year of use on carpet issues reported by another have not surfaced. If anything this pedal is as good as new.The feel is superb. There is positive resistance as you depress the pedal and the spring tensions it in such a manner that you can control exactly the rate of depression or release. It is not so tight as to fatigue, but the response is positive.Another feature I love is the six foot cord length - it gives you room to place the pedal when you have tiered keyboards and multiple pedals on the floor. The cable itself and the plug look to be high quality and have withstood over a year of constant use with no problems.If you are looking for an inexpensive, but not cheaply made, pedal that will work with just about any keyboard this one is worth considering. I am sold on it and would replace it with an identical pedal if something happens to this one. overallrating 5   lineend
name NickT review Received the unit, plugged it into my Alesis Q25, tested it in Logic Pro X and it works fine. The pedal itself is solid, nothing more to say, happy with purchase. overallrating 4   lineend
name timhief review This pedal was purchased to replace an OEM pedal for my synthesizer, it works as expected and has proven to be durable.  I don't hesitate to drop it in my gig bag, knowing it will be ready to rock and roll at the next show. overallrating 5   lineend
name Customer review This saved med at least $40 instead of getting a traditional pre-amp. Best invention ever!! Also portable. Downside is that is plastic and does seem fragile but I keep it with the condenser mic and all the fragile stuff. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Warren review  Never really intended to use this in a professional setting so the noise issue is not that big of a deal. Just wanted a simple device that could fit in my backpack to interface with my laptop for impromptu interviews and music recordings. For the price paid, it's very cheap and lightweight plastic construction leaves much to be desired. Overall, I can not recommend this product at the current price it's sold at. 15 to 20 dollars, then sure. Still, it's an OK product. overallrating 3   lineend
name Michael J. Edelman review I was a little concerned after reader some of the reviews here, but the warranty, Blue's reputation, and Amazon customer service convinced me to give it a try. And in general, I'm pretty satisfied with it. Using it with one of my Oktava MK-301 microphones I get excellent sound, no hum, and so far, excellent reliability. I'm using it with Audacity and a few other programs, none of which have any difficulty recognizing it. There were some issues setting it up initially, and I'm a bit leery about the plastic construction, but for what I paid I think it's a good value. For those thinking of using it in field recording- stick it inside a carrying bag, and tape the cable to it to prevent stressing the USB connector. You shouldn't have any problems. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ronnie Roper review I use this with my Audio Technica condensor. Works great for home recordings hooked up to garageband on macbook pro for rough recordings. Its super simple to use and has a dial for the gain. It's not bulky which is a nice. overallrating 5   lineend
name Samuel Chell review I have little doubt that the Blue Icicle will get the job done with a Shure SM-58, or similar \"dynamic\" microphone.  But its claim that it will convert any \"condenser\" mic, even one that normally requires XLR connection and phantom power, into a \"plug 'n play\" USB mic should not be taken at face value.  I say this because I have an acquaintance with the original Audio Technica AT2020 Condenser mic who had intermittent and marginal success when he tried such a conversion.  In the long run, he would have been ahead (in terms of both the conversion and saving a few bucks) by purchasing the AT2020 USB mic.  As it is, the Blue Icicle is probably the best such converter on the market (the comparably priced LightSnake cable will not convert condenser mics, despite what you may have read).  So, if necessary, give it a try--and more than one.  But make sure there are return privileges. overallrating 4   lineend
name Servartus review This transfers my XLR mic to my USB laptop. Simply plug it in and find the right drivers. My only issue is that the device would be better if they made it with a more durable plastic. It does seem like it can break easily. Thankfully I will never have to move it around much on my desk. All in all, it works and I am pleased. overallrating 4   lineend
name AF review  I got this for one of my guitar students whose mom just wanted a cheap case for her acoustic guitar.  Now, let's be clear - this is easily worth $16, but it is a very bare-bones gig bag.  It will protect your instrument to a degree - it only has minimal padding - and is probably good enough for any beginner instrument.  ONe of my students has one of those Esteban infomercial guitars, which is pretty low quality (but not terrible and not unplayable), and the gig bag for that instrument has no padding whatsoever.I only give 3 stars because for a little more money it's possible to get something which I feel is noticably better.  I have a Musician's Friend acoustic gig bag that I paid ~$20 for a few years ago, and it's well made and probably has twice the padding of this thing.So, this isn't bad, it's worth the price, it's put together just fine, but it only just barely serves its purpose of protecting your instrument, and I'd never trust this with an instrument of any value.  Gig bags can be a good alternative to a hard case if space or weight are a concern.  This isnt' a bad choice, but just be aware of what you're getting. overallrating 3   lineend
name guillajp review it is lined and has a pouch for song books.  Great price and great product if you are looking for a soft case this is a great option overallrating 5   lineend
name NoKidding review A light weight but well made covering for my jasmine guitar. Good material, good zippers, good design. There are much more well padded soft and hard cases available but they take up a lot more room around the house when not in use. I like this one because it provides enough protection without being cumbersome. For travel, you would need better, but for most uses, this is a good choice. overallrating 4   lineend
name Peter Faden review  I will just say that in my opinion, if you are looking for something to take your Taylor to a gig in, you are better served with an SKB. In a sense, the case should mirror the guitar it will hold. However, all that being said, this gig bag is perfect for less expensive guitars. It is well crafted and cheap. I use it for my Ibanez Exotic Acoustic Electric. A nice guitar, but not one that i would cry about if it got a scratch or two. Anyway, i also store some extra picks, my strap, and a couple cords in the bag (along with a fretboard cloth, a set of strings, a tuner, and an allen wrench for the truss rod). All in all, great value for a good item. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. READ review  It fits my acoustic well while giving minimum protection.Storage compartment could be larger, but good for extra strings and picks.You can&#8217;t fit a full sheet of paper or an 8.5&#8221; x 11&#8221;paper back guitar book in the zipper compartment.I would be careful of putting anything in the zipper compartment that could damage the guitarCross straps work well for carrying. Zipper system works well.It is a nice acoustic guitar bag for an inexpensive guitar considering the price.It fits my Jasmine ES31C Dreadnought Acoustic-Electric Guitar just fine.You really can't beat it for the price. overallrating 4   lineend
name Z.W.T. review For the most part, this is a well built/durable gig bag. I only rated it at 3 stars for the lack of padding. If you need a protective cover for your guitar then this gig bag is for you. If you want something to protect your guitar from bumps and bangs get a more expensive gig bag with more padding or spend the cash on a good hard case. Remember, you get what you pay for and this is a perfect example of that. overallrating 3   lineend
name B. Clark review I bought this for my Takamine EGSF15SC acoustic/electric guitar and it fits snugly and does the job very well.I am very happy with the low price I got, and am very pleased with the overall quality of this case.It has exceeded my expectations. overallrating 5   lineend
name Deyvyd review It works for what I need! It arrived earlier than I expected! Really nice! My guitar is safe now with this hard case! overallrating 5   lineend
name GamerBoy review The case is very nice and sturdy. It has lasted over a year and will last for more years to come. The inside is very nice and soft with a big pocket to put things in it like picks, tuners, capos. It also has a lock on the case in case one might need it. This is a very good price for a case of this good of quality and I highly recommend it. overallrating 4   lineend
name J. Barrera review great case, didn't really notice a smell that everyone was complaining about. holds my seagal s6 very well. great guitar by the way for the price. but anyways the case has some compartments inside that can fit like tuners and accessories which comes in handy. the padding is done very well overallrating 5   lineend
name Jonah Koonce review This is a great case that came TWO WEEKS earlier than the arrival date. In came in good packaging and I found no flaws when inspecting it. My Jasmine fits snugly inside of it, no bumping whenever I carry the case. The only problem I have is it smells terrible! But that's fine; I just left it open on the deck for two days and the smell is not noticeable. Other than that, this was a great investment! overallrating 5   lineend
name meongski review I ordered this hard case for my Fender T bucket. It fits exactly like an original fender hard case. Looks like made of good materials. Very well built. With interior pocket to put your accesories like capo, string winder, etc. I Love it. For its PRIce and Quality,I giving it a 5 star :O).. overallrating 5   lineend
name Arlcay review This is a great capo from shubb. The finish matches most guitar hardware as it is nickel. I like how it works. It adjusts to fit different guitar necks, and just sort of snaps in place. It doesn't require great force or a lot of hand strength to use this capo. The rubber parts are replaceable and with a name like shubb you know you're getting a good product. I recommend this capo to anyone. overallrating 5   lineend
name Humbrecht review Thought about buying the (expensive) G7th capo, but I'm very glad I didn't.  The tried and true Shubb works great at a great price.  I don't use it much but it's nice to know that when I do I won't have to mess around with or detune to make it sound right.  The difference between this one and 'clamp on style' is night and day. overallrating 5   lineend
name mkniser review This is a great capo!  I had been using Kyser Quik-Change capos for a good portion of my ten years of playing but they had their limits.  For one, intonation wasn't always right and my guitar (especially my electric) would go out of tune frequently.  After trying others, I settled on the Shubb and it outguns the Kyser in every aspect.  Its features surprised me.  It is small and incredibly light weight, you almost can't tell that it's there. The adjustable knob is great and allows you to dial the capo to the right pressure so that you don't get any annoying buzz.  Also my tone has greatly improved (which is an awesome bonus) making my acoustic sound much clearer and much more defined as opposed to the Kyser which I noticed muddied up the sound.  Even though you have to make some adjustments this capo is still easy to use and is one of the best investments I have ever made! overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr Tall review This capo isn't quite wide enough for my regular steel string acoustic guitar. If I position it just so it will work as long as I don't bump it or a string will pop out of one side. overallrating 1   lineend
name Teagan Mago review This capo works very well!It applies just enough pressure due to the adjustable design.  The rubber seems to hold well - it's a bit thin and seems like it could wear over an extended period of time, but I've had no issues as of yet.My guitar stays tuned for longer periods due to this capo's design.  I also have a quick-change Keyser and I can say I prefer this one for practice sessions, but the Keyser for performing.  This one is too slow for the stage. overallrating 5   lineend
name Yap review I did a lot of research and I finally found the right capo.. It is a little bit pricey, but you get what you pay for...It is made from a very good material and I have been using this for years!!..There are some others capo that are less expensive, but most of them are built with plastic and some will hurt your guitar.. This capo is made with stainless steel and you can adjust the tension.. I like this and I highly recommend this capo to any guitar players regardless of their level. Good Luck. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gary D. Garvin review  I bought two sets of these for two of my Fender 4x10 bass cabinets. I slipped them right in using the original Fender screws since they're machine screws (EB comes with wood screws). Very solid. overallrating 5   lineend
name James E. Sink review  if you can drill into wood with a 5/8 wood drill bit then these are for you, I bought mine for an amp 1/4 stack and now when I record I can simple roll the head and Cabinet into the small room and record...you get 4 in the package with 4 wheels and 4 retainers thats 5/8&#34; thick that goes into the wood of a cabinet.... overallrating 5   lineend
name johnny8 review Quality of these casters is what you would expect if you own any Ernie Ball products,great, very easy to install they hold tight in their sockets and roll smoothly on hard surfaces, not intended to be used on turf on loose surfaces. I have them on several bass cabinets, they also remove easily for stationary cabinet use. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kurt Robair review My Hartke 410VX Cabinet was designed by an idiot....9 million pounds and no casters...not even holes for them. Who invented this thing, He-Man? Anyways, I bought these casters, got out the drill, and punched a few holes in the bottom of my amp, pounded these in, and now it ROLLS. Sadly one of the holes wasnt drilled quite straight making one caster a bit crooked so the amp veers to the right when I push it like a car missing a wheel. But its still better than carrying this beast everywhere my band is playing. Of course, we practice at the drummer's house and in his basement so I still have to carry it down and up his stairs, but that's life. overallrating 5   lineend
name Skyler Smith review Great quality casters for the money! Just as good or better quality than the ones that come stock on most amps. You can't go wrong with these. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Mayse review This is one of those simple gizmos that make you wonder \"why didn't i think of that\ it snaps around my mandolin strings by the bridge and a quick run up to the nut and back down  every few weeks keeps the strings clean, and best of all I don't find lint from my cleaning rag in the wound strings any more since I started using this instead of the cheesecloth I used to use. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review I use to use a cloth to clean my strings... this now rests in my guitar tech bag as a very useful tool.Easy to open, clamp on the strings, run it up and down and your strings maintain a clean and clear sound longer! The only thing that I worry about is running the plastic over the frets. I understand that it's only plastic, but I wonder if it will decrease the life of the frets over time...I don't know... if I see an issue, I may update this a year or so down the line.Until then? Excellent solution! overallrating 4   lineend
name CJB review  I give this product a 5 stars in terms of the idea, but a 4 or less in terms of the materials used to make it, especial the outer plastic shell. The cloth in the sandwitch which does the cleaning is a good and fare material. All and all for the price it's a 5 star. Good idea to clean the strings (especial metal strings) without damaging them or the guitar itself. overallrating 4   lineend
name Debon Panton review  I chose this because I wanted an easier way to clean my guitar strings. So far it has worked beautifully. overallrating 5   lineend
name Diego A. Umana review This is a very useful little device. I use this cleaner on my strings after any use of my guitar. It removes anything on the strings and dries them immediately. This will increase the life of your strings. Don't expect miracles, but this helps quite a bit. I have bought this for me and several guitar-playing friends that have found this much useful. Highly recommended. Cheers! overallrating 5   lineend
name Fender Fan review This is great idea to clean guitar strings. I've always wiped down the necks of my guitars but this allows you to clean the underside of the strings as well as the top.Simple to use, small to fit inside a case or gig bag and not expensive.Using this will help lengthen the life of your strings and pay for itself in no time. overallrating 4   lineend
name Grejam53 review Simply the easiest, no hassle, no mess, way to clean your strings. I have used on all my guitars. It even fits my acoustic 12 string!Update: 1 year later and the string cleaner is going strong. Wash up in soap and water and let dry. I bought a 2nd one! overallrating 5   lineend
name Matt32 review   the fret damage that the string cleaner caused and I too thought about that the first time I used it.  I suggest pulling up a little bit so that the cleaner does not touch the frets.  Toward the nut where it is hard to get the cleaner in, I just wipe down with a rag.  This is a great, cheap, handy little product that all guitarists should keep in their pockets. overallrating 4   lineend
name M. Platt review  I had neglected my guitar for awhile but just got back into the swing of things. Needless to say the strings were at least 5 years old and I was about to replace them with new ones but thought I would give this a try. I am amazed at how good the strings feel now. They really are like a new set of strings. Saved me 20 bucks in having it restrung too soon so they already paid for themselves. My only reason for knocking off 1 star is because the darn thing is harder to open then it should be. They could rethink the clasp a bit more but it does get the job done. overallrating 4   lineend
name RelevantC review I was not to thrill about this product, I really don't have anything super negative to say but nothing super positive either, overallrating 3   lineend
name Robert review Just use a cloth or paper towel. overallrating 2   lineend
name Sledman review I'm on the fence with this product. It does its job so no real complaints there, however once applied I feel it may be damaging my frets. I havent seen wear or visible damage but as you run it up the neck of the guitar you hear it hit all the frets. If you apply pressure to keep it from hitting it then pulls the top cleaning pad off, away from the strings causing it not to clean the top. Much more convenient then using a string cleaning cloth though so I'm sticking with this. overallrating 3   lineend
name Superlead777 review Nifty little item that does what it's designed to do.Realistically,it's not worth $10 0.$5 0? yes.Save your money.I regret this purchase for what I paid for it. overallrating 3   lineend
name The Bluescaster review Pretty cool gadget... a whole lot less trouble than opening and closing bottles, cans, or sprays, and does on a set of old strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name TWM review I bought this since I am a new guitar player...It does hit the frets but doesn't seem to do any damage...Pretty easy to use.The only oddity I have is that the box was kind of open already when I bougt it new.Does the job. overallrating 4   lineend
name zachary review It sorta cleans strings but not fully, i dont even really use it anymore, i feel like i wasted my money on this item overallrating 3   lineend
name Dako review   here where the user states they didn't receive enough velcro. I cut 4 22&#34; strips for each of the cross bars, and still had about 6&#34; of soft-sided velcro left over. overallrating 4   lineend
name Fender Guy review  I've been playing guitar for over 30 years both teaching & performing and never used a pedalboard. I used to carry the FX's in a briefcase and setup the ones I needed. I'm old school when it comes to these boxes... I run compression, wah, overdrive, super-overdrive, delay & reverb pretty much in that order. Sometime I use a phaser or a tremolo... I also have a few distortion pedals laying around as well but don't use them much. I currently have 8 pedals setup on this board. I have room for one maybe two more. The board itself is built like a tank and travels well. The bag that comes with it is road worthy for local gigs but I wouldn't take it on tour without a metal case. I did go ahead and Velcro down all the pedals that I always use leaving a little room for add ins. Be sure you want to Velcro down the FX chain because to get the best, most secure, it won't fall off the board when you pick it up off the floor...I found that I had to remove all the rubber feet from each pedal. The Velcro is very strong and may test the durability of some of your cheaper pedals. Use great care when removing them from the board as you can easily rip the backs off of some of them. Low end wah pedals and boxes made out of plastic be warned....Boss, MXR, Mod Tone and other high end, well made pedals work best once set on the board. You can run any number of power sources to it. There is plenty of room for all my needed connections...I leave the choice of that to you the reader.At the end of the day it's easier for me to move my FX pedals around and setup on the gig is in minutes. Plus it looks much cleaner and gives me a little more room on tiny stages and less chance of tripping over a cable.. I'm very happy with this product and would replace it should anything happen to it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jared Burdick review  If you are familiar with the Pedaltrain products, you know how solid this product is. If you are new to effects, it comes with plenty of velcro to mount pedals and brackets to mount a power brick (they have a deal with Voodoo so those bricks are will always fit). Keep in mind you will have to drill holes for the brackets, they are not predrilled.The duffel bag that it comes with has lots of padding and pockets and is pretty durable. If you have a power strip, it won't fit around the edges of the bag; the fit inside the bag is snug. That said, I have a couple extra pedals not on my board that will fit in the pouch on the side along with strings and cables. overallrating 5   lineend
name jmhr review This pedal board replaced a bcb6 boss case because I have a lot of non-Boss pedals and wanted to start using them for gigs.The PT2 footprint is large enough to accommodate a lot of pedals but not too big for a smaller gig, except some of the smallest \"stages\" (room corners) that do require a smaller rig.Without going into specifics there was a zipper issue on the soft case.  I wrote the company, described the problem.  Lizzie wrote back and said she'd take care of it. You just don't get better service than this company provides.  Combine that with the great product design and I'm a happy customer.The larger boards give you the option of installing a dedicated power supply underneath.  This is one of its best features.  Truly plug and play.  Yes, I spent more than I ever have on a pedal board before.  Portability.  Reliability.  Flexibility.  If I was ever going to use my best pedals for gigs, this was it.I have tried SKB and Furman and they have some nice features, if you like a lot of plastic.  I still like the PT2 much better. overallrating 5   lineend
name JoseAlmanya review I had a custom-made pedalboard, made with wood also, it was great in therms of protecting my pedals and with the space but maan it was heavy, only with 7 pedals and that was getting me problems with my back and shoulders... with this i have 13 pedals and i wont say that its not heavy bcuz it is, but is the same weight but i got 13 pedals!! Thats a huge difference.... the only thing that i maybe dont like is the bag, i know it wont last A LOT OF TIME, but in general is the best pedalboard ive had and i wont change it.. maybe for another bigger like the pt3 but still gonna get pedaltrain... the best overallrating 5   lineend
name Julio Caicedo review  Once you place the pedals on it, it's kinda heavy...but it won't hurt your back. I arranged 11 pedals on the frame and they fit perfectly.No brainer, built to last and the carrying case it's outstanding.Cheers!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark J review My issue with the Pedaltrain 2 is the accommodation of a power supply. I have a Voodoo Lab Pedal Power 2 Plus.The documentation that comes with this pedalboard specifically states that this power supply mounts under the board, and it even includes mounting brackets that fit this power supply. However, if you actually try to mount it to the underside of the board as suggested, you're in for an unpleasant surprise.First of all, regarding the two circular holes on the front of the board. The fitment to the power supply is there... sort of. There's no way to align them perfectly because the holes on the pedaltrain 2 are slightly too close together. I wasn't worried about this, since I doubt I'll ever chain them and only have access to 1 outlet.The second issue is, the allegedly self-tapping screws that come with the mounting kit strip as though they were made of butter. Once you've got them in (or attempted to do so), they're never coming out. You'll probably have to break them. It's a shame to have cut corners on something so inexpensive.The main issue I have with this board relating to my Voodoo Lab power supply is this. Once you get the power supply mounted properly on the underside of the board (it can only go one place), you begin to plug in your pedals and you discover that the cables supplied with the power supply don't fit the mounting location on this board. You can't plug them in because there's not enough clearance between the frame of the pedalboard and the sockets the cables plug in to.I really only bought this pedalboard because of the supposed perfect compatibility with the Voodoo Lab power supply I own, but given that it doesn't fit like it's supposed to, I wish I could return this board - except I can't, because it now has holes drilled in it. (You have to drill the board to mount the power supply underneath it.)Basically, I paid $100 for a plain flat sheet metal metal rectangle and a couple rolls of velcro. Needless to say, I'm not very pleased. overallrating 2   lineend
name Nike review Comes with all the Velcro you can need Very simple to set up even for me ( a newbie)I got the Voodoo Lab Pedal Power 2  to go along with it Although you have to drill 4 holes into the pedalboad to mount it its pretty simple. overallrating 5   lineend
name Raul Diaz Pea review This product is great. You can have a lot of pedals including big ones and volume/wah pedals. Read the description so you can have a sense of size. Tue quality is very nice, solid and resistible. The soft case is very nice also. overallrating 5   lineend
name synthezatory review Tried several of pedaltrain in the past (pt-3 too bulky, and pt-jr a little to small), this one holds my pedals perfectly. Simple & light. I love it! overallrating 5   lineend
name T. Murphy review I returned the SKB PS-45 and got the PT-2 as a replacement.  The SKB is a well built board, but the Pedaltrain boards are simply the best functional design available, period!!  And designing them with the Voodoo Lab Pedal Power in mind is stroke of genius.  Providing the brackets to mount......another brilliant stroke.  This is a no-brainer.  This is your best option for a top flight pedalboard.  Great job! overallrating 5   lineend
name Applewhite Minyard review This pedal does add reverb and it is adjustable to different effects, but the range of effects is not great and the difference in them is often not very pronounced. It's kind of an &#34;empty&#34; sounding reverb, as opposed to more lush effects. The Reverb Machine (RV600), also from Behringer and for only $10 more is a FAR superior machine with more effects and better tone, though it has a couple of other minor drawbacks. See my review of that item for clarification. overallrating 3   lineend
name Bret Hart review From the product description, I expected something far more robust than this unit. By and large, I've had great experiences with Behringer pedals, but this reverb unit is the wimpiest I have ever used in 40 years of playing - no stronger than the reverb in a 5w First Act amplifier. overallrating 2   lineend
name James Tepper review  I bought one of these for a vintage Fender Showman that doesn't have built in reverb.  Put a battery in and plugged it in.  Very simple.  But the sound was horrible!  No setting delivered an effect that sounded anything like any kind of reverb I ever heard or would want to hear.  The closest I could get was a cheesy delay or echo effect that sounded awful.  On the other hand, the reverb from my Korg AX-100G (that I was using on another rig) was great.  Maybe my DR600 was not functioning properly, but I don't think so.  I think that's the way it really sounds.  So I got a return authorization from Amazon (very easy - never fails), put it back in the box and UPS picked it up the next day and I got a full refund.JM Tepper overallrating 1   lineend
name Rick Holly review  s about this product. I have been playing professionaly for more than 35 years and in that time have gone through many amps, guitars and and dozens of effects of all sorts. The great ones I have kept over the years (Ibanez TS9 and TS 10, MXR Compressor etc.) and have put them in a small pedal rack that doesn't take up much stage room. The one item that I didn't have in a pedal form was a good reverb. I have had great success with other Behringer rack products (Digital Reverb/echo, EQ's, patch panels and other home studio stuff). The DR600 was my first Behringer pedal. I think it works great. I have had it for about 6 months and have used it almost every weekend since I got it to play jobs with my band (often several nights a week). It has given me no problem. I can't speak to the battery issue since my pedal board is powered by a \"One Spot\" multi AC adapter. overallrating 4   lineend
name SeBo review  s, but to me it sounds very tinnie and cheap, plus the control knobs were a bit tight and hard to adjust. I do a have a few Behringer pedals and many are very good for the price, but this one I won't be keeping. To me, it wasn't even close to as good as the Fender amp reverbs... overallrating 3   lineend
name S. Thompson review  Behringer usually makes good stuff and this Reverb Is No different but what It does best Is reverse reverb and moderate depth reverb Nothing else. I wanted this for Singing and I have the Danelectro FAB Echo which gives a short distance echo but I wanted something without the slap back and this does what I want It for but Not quite as much depth as I wanted but with The Music I do Not think Anyone can tell. If You want a good Reverb that Is above average with much depth then get the Behringer RV600 Not this. The power supply I use Is Danelectro which Is great, I also have a godlyke that I use. overallrating 4   lineend
name StratDude review Yes, it's cheap plastic.  Yes, the battery life is very short as this unit sucks the life out of a battery in a couple of hours.  Yes, the battery is difficult to replace.  However, this is the best sounding cheap reverb pedal on the planet.  I solved the battery problem by using a 1-Spot 8-outlet pedal power supply.  It doesn't sound nearly as cheap as its construction or price might suggest.  Everything from simulated spring reverb to endless caverns is here, and it all sounds great.  It even has a \"modulated\" reverb, which is a reverb with a slight flange/chorus affecting the reverb signal only (not the dry signal) which is their version of the Holy Grail's \"Flerb\" setting.  This is about 1/3 the cost of the Holy Grail, and the foot switch should hold up well under normal stage use (unless of course, you are an elephant).  For all the complaining I hear about this and other pedals with \"cheap plastic cases\ I have yet to hear about anyone actually breaking one while using it.  Behringer pedals are hit and miss, but this one is certainly a hit. overallrating 4   lineend
name S. Trivoli review This \"would\" be a great digital reverb but for the fact that the more you turn the level up on the reverb intensity, it simultaneously fades the initial attach of the strum, pluck or riff rendering the reverb relatively worthless if you 'want a lot of reverb\". What the hell was Behringer thinking??? overallrating 2   lineend
name Anon review I bought this as for practice. I have a $180 amp, but was looking for something a little more portable. This is what I came to.It has great distortion, the effect is pretty awesome too! The lead cuts clean; &#34;mostly&#34;. In general is does tend to get a little noisy though. However. For the price, this is probably one of the best steals ever. Like I said, I have a &#34;sort-of&#34; name brand amp that is estimated at around $180. I can safely say that the sound quality of this item is about as good as the amp. Until I can afford a REALLY good amp, this will be my primary one; and really I have no problem with that.Pros:-Cheap Price-Fair sound quality-Nifty Built-in Effect-Can plug into AUX letting you play with musicCons:-Cheap ITEM quality-Distortion can get &#34;messy&#34;-Not very versatile...Metal ONLY.I hope it never breaks. overallrating 4   lineend
name Carlo Verdi review Amazing! I plugged this little gadget into my Strat, put on my headphones and wow I was super surprised! The sound is amazing. You can adjust the amount of gain and volume to fine tune your sound whether your playing through humbuckers or single coils. I love the sound I get on either my Strat or Les Paul. Best of all you can practice as loud as you like without bothering anybody. I plug this little monster into my compressor and from the compressor to the guitar and the sound is amazing. I really like the sound and the fact that it is totally portable and independent of power (runs on two AAA batteries). The digital delay effect is activated independently, (same little switch just one extra click) which is fine, but you can't adjust the speed or mix. That's OK though because the factory setting works just fine if you want a touch of delay. All in all, I highly recommend this Vox AmPlug Lead Guitar Headphone Amp for its sound and price. One small con, its made of plastic and seems a bit fragile. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cut to the Chase review For what it does and how I use it, this is the hot setup!  Great for a quick practice and really sounds nice.  Wide overdrive and tone range.  The delay feature is basically a simple slap-back echo (I'd much rather have a chorus in there) but for price and the sound I'm quite pleased. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dr. Freud review works very well.  I have to of them.  each does a little different thing,  they are great for traveling, or late night need to play stuff, when the rest of the family has no interest in your desire to get better.  the sound, effects, etc., are adequate and are good as you need without the real amplication. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael K. Mcneill review  I have to say I was pretty skeptical about how this would sound but I was shocked at the sounds I could get.It took just too a few seconds to dial in the tone I wanted and off we went.For the money and ease of practicing at anytime with a great tone  is worth twice as much.As far as durability I have had in a month used it 10 times, so far so good.I did purchase the protection plan for $10 so I'm covered for 2 years. overallrating 5   lineend
name Oldcabdriver review I was a bit disappointed in this gadget.  It just doesn't have the quality sound that I expected from the material written about it.  I've had much better luck with a simple interface between my guitar and iPhone or iPad.  That arrangement isn't as compact as this Vox product, but the sound is much more pleasing. overallrating 3   lineend
name B. Hood review  i do like this for playing at home, but it is what it is is by no means a replacement for my 15&#34; tnt peavey but works as it says and the shipping was quick overallrating 5   lineend
name Carlos & Gloria Guerra review This is a good product. The construction is pretty good. It will give you a variety of bass tones. You have to buy a 1/8 trs to a 1/4 ts adaptor to line out to your amp or sound system. overallrating 5   lineend
name Coffee Drinker review This little jewel is so small it can hide in your hand, but it delivers decent tone at a decent volume to your headphones for practicing indoors or outdoors over traffic sounds even. Its 1/4\" TS plug goes directly into your bass's instrument cable jack, and it has one 1/8\" TRS output jack for your headphone plug. But it also has a second 1/8\" TRS input jack which allows you to connect your computer or mp3 player or cell phone so you can hear yourself playing over play-alongs or any such music source, both directly into your headphones.Its on-off switch has a third position for overdrive distortion, which I never use. It has both gain and volume output controls and both work. It also has a tone control but I cannot discern that it does anything. Could be that I just have a defective sample, but I don't care because the tone is fine just as it is.Others have described this little headphone amp as seeming somewhat fragile, and I don't argue with that--it does feel a bit thinly made and the 2xAAA battery door does seem weak. But I just take a little extra care not to drop it or bang it around in a gig bag. If the battery door eventually falls off, I'll use duct tape, and when this little thing completely wears out, I'll buy another. It's just too handy and easy to travel with not to own--and, as I said, it does the job.EDIT 2013-04-07: Still working fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name Don review  In my house, I don't have to play quietly when rehearsing.... but when I really want to play along with a song and put some 'volume' to it, I can do it now without even a concern for our dogs, the neighbors, or my wife.  This device, as the product description tells you, allows you to plug it into your bass, plug your earbuds or headphones into it, set the volume and gain controls to suit, and play away in complete quiet to the rest of the world.  In addition, and this is the best part, there's a 1/8&#34; jack on this device that allows you to plug an mp3 player into it so you can play along with music of your choice.  I rehearse often with this thing.  You might think negatively about this device considering the fact that you can't control all the tone parameters like you can when rehearsing through your bass amp.  That's true.  But, the big thing is being able to use it for what it was designed for and all the ways it makes rehearsing simpler (less equipment-complicated) and quiet when necessary (lots of households have that need for quiet that don't always blend well with your rehearsal schedule, etc).  I paid $50 for it, and it works great,...worth the money for certain. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeremy D. review Liked the sound, the adjustability, just wish I could read the numbers on the dials as my ears are still ringing from turning the dial the wrong way! I find the unit surprisingly sturdy and it feels solid. I don't care about disturbing the neighbours, but it is handy to have a portable solution when traveling, the Rumble 75 is a bit big to take everywhere. I made sure to match it with good bass headphones which other reviewers have said is a must. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jim R. review  This device has been a blessing for my bass guitar practices. Armed with a set of headphones, I can play anywhere in the house at any time while also jamming to my MP3s (mp3 player plugged in too!).Worth the small price you pay.As far as construction, the battery door BARELY hangs on. I'm sure if I drop it, even from a low height, that door's flying off along with the battery. overallrating 5   lineend
name John review Sounds just like an amp in your headphones! Gain, Tone and FX switch make for a broad range of sound since you won't be able to use any pedals. This is a great little piece of kit if you have some fun money to spend on it. 1 star off because, while nothing fell out, the plugs on both the bass and headphone side are very loose feeling. overallrating 4   lineend
name Andrew D. Flint review  Onstage makes well thought parts for mounting things..  I use these all of the time for small cameras that are stationary..  I put them on a mic stand and it takes much less room than a full blow tripod..  They can't hold a heavy camera very well but a small one they will hold just fine.. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gregg Bergman review I always put my recorder on the stage on a mini tripod that would get kicked over by band members. Now I put my recorder on my monitor mike stand and don't worry about it anymore. Simplicity at its best. overallrating 5   lineend
name Guitar Operator review  Fits nicely and tight on standard wide threaded microphone stands. If you have the smaller \"screw headed\" ends on your microphone stand, you can get a little threaded adapter at any music store for next to nothing. (Maybe a dollar, if they don't just give it to you.)Using this with stands that have a heavy round base takes up less space onstage and other places, as well as making it easy to relocate and keep out of the way.No need for a tripod stand with the legs folding up and out, getting in the way, plus most inexpensive tripods are cheaply made, very light and will break easily when moving gear or simply tripping over them.The base screws down all the way onto the stand until it is hand tight.The set screw allows for tilting and turning adjustment of the camera.The set screw presses against a ball-socket hinge and has a plastic thumb knob that seems a little fragile. I am very careful not to over-tighten in fear of twisting off the plastic thumb tightening knob.I am also leery of stripping the set screw or the threads inside the housing, but at this price I guess you can't expect to have a sophisticated adjustment mechanism, eh?There is a notch in the side of the housing to allow for a 90-degree preset angle.The metal thumbscrew that attaches the base of the camera to the adapter has a rubber washer as well as a thin rubber mat acting as like a cushioning gasket when tightened to your camera.Be careful. The metal thumbscrew can easily fall out from the holding plate when transporting, removing or switching cameras. I found a little 'plastic threaded washer-like ring' that screws onto the holding plate screw when not in use. You could easily find many types of washers, screws, plastic pieces, etc., to hold it in place when in storage or transport. You could also leave it attached to your camera. Either way, be careful not to let it fall out and get lost.Overall the \"little thing\" is quite solid, heavy and sturdy and takes up little to no real estate and does a great job at being small, basic, solid and inexpensive.It holds well when bumped or moved. Mine has absolutely \"no slop\" in it, does not wobble or come loose. I would not put a larger sized 8mm camera or heavy camera on this adapter. Most modern devices will do just fine.Again, just make sure you tighten it up 'just enough' to hold it well. Don't put the grip of Hercules on it and it should last for years. Mine has.I'm happy with mine and bought our drummer one for Christmas.Hope this helps! overallrating 4   lineend
name Papa review I use this often to record my band's gigs. Now if they would make one that will hold a PAR 38 can so I can turn my extra mic stands into single can lighting racks! overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul C. review Works well, pretty straight forward. A little over priced for what it is, but, sure beats having to purchase another complete stand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul D Ford review Bought two of these inexpensive adapters and am very satisfied. I am not having any problems fastening to a stand or cam corder, and I am able to clamp the swivel lock very securely. I am only using for light-weight applications. Certainly worth the $7. overallrating 5   lineend
name Scottro review I was skeptical after reading the reviews, but the manufacturer must have read the same reviews because these things are solid and the glue that holds the rubber piece seems to be holding up well. No issues with the screw not tightening either. I plan to buy more of these in the near future. overallrating 5   lineend
name Smoothbassman review I already had one of these for the studio from another vendor and picked this one up as well. It was really old and dusty like its been laying around for years but that aside it works perfectly to put my camera right where I need it. Holds Zoom recorder as well with no issues when I am recording. This works perfectly to transform any mic stand into a more than worthy tripod. overallrating 5   lineend
name W. Perry review The plastic knob that you use to tighten the ball and socket doesn't grip very well and even the lightest camera will slip and sag. it's a great idea but not well executed. overallrating 2   lineend
name AF review  A friend gave me a few of these and overall I like them.  I'd give them 3.5 stars if I could.  Having said that, I don't like them as much as a regular nylon pick.  The star hole just feels a bit weird to me, though I could probably get used to it.  I'm glad I got to try these, but these won't replace my favorite nylon picks. overallrating 3   lineend
name AT review I usually use fender .73 picks but they seemed to fall out of my fingers while I was playing and it was very irratating. So I picked these up. I no longer have to worry about them falling out of my hand. The star in the middle allows your fingers to connect in the star and you are able to get a good and stable grip on it. Hands down the best pick I've used. overallrating 5   lineend
name CLKiii review I guess I have tried about every type of pick around. Thick ridged things with thin strumming edges, great big triangles oh do you remember cork circles on one side? Look this is just easy, the star hole means I grip it and it doesn't move until I let go. Never had one break and the gauge being marked is so much nicer than digging through the \"pick pen\" on the counter of the local music store trying to find 3 that feel right. Yup 3 'cause they were three for $1 0 overallrating 5   lineend
name JeffH review I used to use the Tortex pick until a buddy of mine gave me one of these.  I ended up using that pick for something like 3 years (playing 1-2 times/wk).  Once I started playing 4hrs/wk at my church, I decided that this pick had proven its self so I order a small box.  I have never dropped one of these and have never broken one.  FYI: I generally don't play hard and I always play acoustic, Nanoweb custom lights. overallrating 5   lineend
name kbgulfcoast review First saw on YouTube video, how genius? A pick that stays in hand... Makes me wonder how ever played without them...Small price for big help! overallrating 5   lineend
name Scott H. Irving review  I say this one is more between a Fender Medium and heavy. But it has the star for grip and that is super. Hard not to like. Get some! overallrating 5   lineend
name Captn' Bob review I simply love the cradle from Jim Dunlop (although a little pricey).  First, the material that the neck rests in is very soft.  Overall it is bigger than appears and it gives me warm fuzzies to know my guitar won't fall off of that skimpy little 3 legged arrangement sold elsewhere on this Planet.  I did find it to be a little short to support my Ovation Acoustic Bass, but a small length of 2 x 4 fixed that.  Second, it is nice that it just rotates over to support the front of the fretboard while guitar is on its face which I need to get into the back guts side of my Ovation. overallrating 5   lineend
name Debon Panton review  Very good and very useful device. Very solidly built and it does what it was designed to do, very very well. overallrating 4   lineend
name James E. Perkins review Definitely holds the guitar well . a little pricey but probably worth it. I'm a fan of Dunlop in general but think they got it right with this one. overallrating 4   lineend
name Larry review The Dunlop neck cradle is well designed and firmly supports the neck of any guitar. It is self adjusting and makes restringing a breeze!  Buy one, and I am sure you will like it as well as I. overallrating 5   lineend
name RB review This is what I have needed for many years. Really well made, very sturdy and will last forever, and it is useful for all the Guitar work I need to do. I think it is reasonably priced as well. Thanks for a great product and good prompt service Cheers !!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Twiddly Diddly review I was impressed by the sturdiness and size of this neck cradle. Combined with the OP/TECH work mat that I purchased I can now turn almost any table or bench into a handy guitar workstation. In my experience Jim Dunlop always makes good products and this one continues that tradition. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bret Hart review if all you want is amp-like vibrato and chorus, here ya go, and it's cheap and cool looking (bigger footprint than a Boss pedal). The 'Hue' control gently affects the tone. overallrating 3   lineend
name carvinone review  Moen pedals are great.  Nice quality at an unbelievable price point. This pedal is no exception.  It is a great sounding vibe with the bonus of a nice chorus which can be engaged by the toggle switch.  to be fair I have not tried many other vibes.  Hard to when most cost over twice the cost of this pedal.  That being said I am absolutely pleased with the sound of this pedal and have had no need to look elswhere.  vibe is very Trower like. Think bridge of signs.  Chorus is on the mellower side. Very analog sounding not digital.  Replaced my BBE mind bender and fits the bill so much better.  Solid well built and should last.  I would have no problem gigging with this and have with no issues.My only issue was that after a year or so the pedal seemed a bit less strong in its effect.  I read online that a bit of electrical tape around the internal led's would fix the problem and indeed it did.  It's been fine since.  Despite this needed fix I would buy this pedal again with no hesitation if I needed to overallrating 5   lineend
name jim beasley jr review look this pedal doesnt cost a arm and leg, but as far as other vibes and chorus pedals this pedal falls short. but I wasnt looking at sending alot so it gets the job done overallrating 3   lineend
name Johnny Guitar review   of that product, I provided a separate star rating on the vendor feedback page. I recommend if you choose to purchase that pedal (or anything else) you be careful to avoid the Amazon Marketplace vendor called MixDSPnet in San Jose, CA. In addition to charging a 15% restocking fee if you want to return the pedal (in original condition with all materials and packaging), getting them to even acknowledge the return request at all was a problem and took over a week and finally opening a claim with Amazon to get any meaningful response. Once they did communicate, they were very unprofessional. Further, when the product was shipped back signature required (as recommended by amazon), they were \"not available\" or refused to sign for it so after several weeks of attempting to return the product, it remains   unrefunded   despite their confirmation that I could return the item for an 85% refund. I expect I'll need to work further with Amazon in the end to get this resolved. A google earth view of their addressed explained it all. MixDSPnet appears to be running out of an apartment complex. Most Amazon marketplace sellers are just fine but this one is really not, at least when it comes to returns. Also, while they sell a few Dunlop/MXR guitar pedals, looking at their site reveals it's not their primary business - they seem to sell a bunch of other non-musical widgets. My recommendation is that you find a vendor who is in the musical instrument business and who will provide the typical no cost refunds for 30 to 45 days as most large musical instrument retailers do, should you need it. They have a few hundred positive transactions, so maybe can be OK but I can only comment on my experience and this was the worst online transaction I've ever had shopping on amazon. overallrating 5   lineend
name khoney review Why not? For the price and some reviews I found online, I had to try this pedal.  I bought one myself and it has remained on my pedalboard since I've bought it.  NOTE : I recently put this right after my wah and before my dirt boxes and I've found that it does two things; 1. The vibe sound doesn't get smooshed and retains a more rounded sound and 2. any volume drop you might experience having this after some od/distortion seems to be less.  I suggest playing around and trying this pedal in different places on your pedal chain to see what works best for you.  For me, it will stay before my od pedals and fuzz.  Do yourself a favor and check out some youtube demos of this.  Mine is musicman587....this is the pedal AFTER pedals, but you'll get a good idea of the general settings I use it on. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul Hawthorne review  Rugged pedal by a little known company. Took a shot in the dark, hit a bullseye! Great univibeish/old chorus device. Would like to see stereo output options in future models. Solid. If you have a Strat, have studied Jimi, then it will suit you well if you've got the right physical approach to the guitar itself. overallrating 5   lineend
name Johnny Guitar review  SUMMARYAt $20 it is a great size and \"ok\" quality to round up a bunch of various stands you may carry to a band practice or gig. Other options are available slightly longer and also with a 2nd compartment inside. No padding or impact resistance is provided, but gets a bunch of stands in one bag with a handle. Also available 8\" longer or with 2 chambered configuration on different models.PROS:- Good size for speaker stands, mic stands, guitar stands, music stands other than the top shelf, and other \"what-not\" you may want to cram in there, depending on your style.- affordable at $20- availalbe on prime shippingCONS:- This model is one compartment. For speaker stands, you may want a 2 compartment model.- Lack of any impact resistance - the bag has no padding at all. it is just canvas.- It would be great if they made one of these just a little wider to be able to accomodate music stands.DETAILSIn one of my 50\" bags, I was able to put:- 4 folding mic stands- 1 music stand, other than the top piece with the shelf (that does not fit, even if the bag was empty.)- 2 folding guitar stands- and still had room for some more if I wanted to put more in.- bag was getting kind of heavy at that point.In a sconed 50\ I was able to put:- On Stage Stands OSS SS7761B Speaker Stands- They fit with extra room on the ends in this 50\" bag.- There is additional room to add mic or guitar or music stands- I am considering exchanging this one for a 2 section 50\" bag so the speaker stands are separated, but probably will just keep this one.The bag has no padding at all - it is just canvas and a zipper and handles. When laying empty it is 50\" long x about 12\" wide and lays flat. Seems strong enough to round everything up and tote it around,But for $20, serves a basic purpose with affordability. overallrating 5   lineend
name Li review  decent, holds 2 stands and maybe a few extra poles.  the bag's shape from side view is a rectangle -- compare to other stand bags that's more of a square. Zipper seems to be very good quality, the bag is NOT padded at all, and the material used is very thin, there is however a water resistant coating on the interior of the bag.I think I should have spend $10 extra and got the on-stage padded stand bag.  But if you are going for local shows and doesn't need the extra padding for air travel, this is the bag to go. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  I purchased this for handling convenience more than any other reason. I useOn Stage SS7761B Tripod Speaker Stands, which are light duty, but awkward to carry. This case solves that problem. When I mentioned light duty in the title, I truly meant it. While I gig twenty times per month, nearly all are totally acoustic, with a small powered speaker for rooms where the pianist/vocalist has to project over a grand piano. On very rare occasions do we need a full PA, and that is where this case comes in handy. Moving individual speaker stands from my vehicle to the performance area is awkward. Transporting them in this case isn't.These hold up beautifully if used three or four times per month when a full PA is needed. I am not sure I would want them for the heavier, all metal speaker stands because the weight would quickly wear the case out. It has reinforced stress points, but I still feel those are not adequate for heavier stands.You can easily fit the two stands that I mentioned above and aOn Stage Stands MS7701 Tripod Boom Microphone Stand. The side pocket is good for incidentals like XLR to 1/4 inch adapters, patch cables and the like.Bottom line: this case is for occasional use only, and even then for lighter stands. I awarded it five stars because it does exactly what I need and is not touted to be anything but a light weight case. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul D Ford review Just needed a simple canvas bag to hold speaker stands on top of my pile of PA equipment on a cart. Aside from the two speaker stands, I can fit two mic stands and the bottom of a music stand. Very simple, sturdy canvas construction, thick zipper, two sturdy handles. I don't expect to carry equipment around in it much more than to get on and off my cart, so I'm assuming the stitching is more than sufficient. At $20, this bag looks like a great value. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul D. review These bags are large.  I didn't realize they would hold large tripod stands.  My other bags were a lot smaller and sometimes the tripods would stick out the top.  It would have been nice if there was two pockets so two tripods wouldn't touch each other but this still works great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard R review For the price, this 50 inch canvas bag is  great bag for toting around a couple of folded 9 foot light stands and miscellaneousbooms etc.I own other Gator products and have been very pleased with the quality and performance.Note that this bag does not have padding and does not have a divider but for the price paid, I still think it's an excellent bargain. overallrating 5   lineend
name RLL review Excellent bag for tripods or stands that dont need a lot of protection. You have feel multiple microphone stands or maybe up to three speaker tripods in this. Affordable and easy. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Shumway review I am extremely pleased with this amp. I purchased it because I was looking for a tube practice amp and this fit the bill. The numerous voicings and setting on this little gem make it worth far more than the asking price. Even though this is a low wattage amp, this sucker can get LOUD. The other reviews detail the exact specs much better than I could, so I will defer to them for that.However, this little amp packs a big punch when it comes to tone. I highly recommend it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Daniel G. Lebryk review The Fender Vibro Champ is a great little amp. I'm amazed at how good this amp sounds. A small light weight package with a good set of voices that outputs a decent amount of sound.This is a 5 Watt Tube amp with enough power to fill a medium sized room or the perfect practice amp. This is a much better and louder amp than the small $100 solid state starter / practice amps by all the major manufacturers. Fender uses two very standard tubes for pre- and amplification: 12AX7 and 6V6 (both are Fender branded tubes). These are nice clean tubes that react consistently.The amp takes about 15 seconds to warm up and draws 45 Watts.The cool part of this amp is the 16 voice settings. In reality the amp packs effects for 7 different amps, Tweed, Blackface, British, Hot Rod, Metal, Jazz, and Acoustic. The first five have three different levels of style each. Our other two amps are Marshalls, an acoustic and a half stack. If I'm being really honest, I like the sound of this amp a lot more than the half stack. This is a clean simple amp to use. The Marshall has a ton of tweaks that are hard to get exactly right.The volume level on the different voices is nowhere near matched. Some voices are incredibly loud, others are really quiet. Switching voices means moving that volume knob a lot. Sadly, the volume only goes to 10.Once the voice is selected, there are 5 effects settings possible with two or three level for each (Vibratone, Delay, Reverb, Chorus, and Tremolo). The F/X level knob adjusts the amount of the effect applied (set to 1, the effect isn't used at all). This is probably the least useful part of the amp. There is no pedal selection, so once the effect is selected and volume dialed in, you're kind of stuck with that until you fiddle with the amp again. There's no easy way to change the effect in the middle of a song.There is a gain knob.I like the speaker on this amp. It is nicely detailed with a good warm sound. The internal speaker is connected with a 1/4 inch jack, so it is possible to connect the amp up to another cabinet with a simple 1/4 inch speaker cable. Very nicely done Fender, most cheaper amps are hard wired to the speaker. The back panel also has a 1/4 inch jack Line Out.This is a great small gig or practice amp. The sound is outstanding. The amp is used with a 1983 Gibson Lucille and a 2008 Les Paul Standard Plus. overallrating 5   lineend
name Darwin's Survivor review Bought this as a supplement to my other amps (to record blues tones).  I first saw it in a big box musician's store while there was a \"blues guitar session\" going which is a public jam session open to anyone.  They had a lot of tube Fender amps plugged in.  I was surprised when I plugged into this amp away from that group, turned it up, and started playing... It sounded just as good as those other amps.  The two employees that worked there and two other customers couldn't believe where the sound was coming from... even the other players checked it out.  I don't understand how Fender has managed to keep this amp a secret for so long... poor marketing maybe?  I don't know, but if you want a blues or blues-rock amp with some great vintage tones, check these out.  Pick up a used one.They sound like a tube amp because, essentially, they are.  The amp sounds big and warm from the tubes, not thin and tin-like.  Has GREAT overdriven tweed, blackface, and bassman models.  A couple of the Marshall settings aren't bad either.  This amp sounds better than the Super Champ to my ears (tried this out at the store as well) which makes sense since it's a class A amp as opposed to class B... warmer and more articulate.The speaker is decent but this amp also sounds great using an external speaker cabinet.For home jamming and recording blues without driving everyone nuts, this amp is a God-send.  Check one out and you'll want it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dennis M review Small. Light weight. Stunning Fender Blackface looks. Warm tube power amp that is both smooth and responsive. The digital voicing is direct and easy to set up. The fact that Fender has discontinued this model was a shock to me. It is one fine small amp that begs to be used in the recording studio. The direct out provideds a simple and easy way to hook up to the board for signal to recorder/mixer and still give you the amp's skeaker as a monitor for yourself. What could be easier? And it mikes well too, by the way. The choice is yours there.With no LED display (cost increase if one was there) and the plain use of volume and tone mixed with the drive, it's so simple to dial in a great tone that it just makes playing fun, and practicle too. The voiceing models from the amp selection are quite good and true to the amp that it replecates. The Tweed, Blackface, and Marshall voicing are all well done and lend to the overall tone of this fine little amp.Love the reverb in the FX section. The spring reverb is so well done that I bumped the amp once and was looking for the \"spring chrash\" known from amps with the real spring reverb. It's that good. Once again, the controls are easy and direct. Never an issue to simply select a model and then dial it in with little effort. Who cares if it doen't have a floorboard with dozens of switches and such for channel selection? You want that, go waste your money on a Line 6 or something. This Champ is made for one thing. To give you the best possible tone and selection for the least amount of money and effort. I believe it has accomplished that well.Again, a shame that Fender has dropped this model from the line up of products. The super model is a step up in power and speaker size, but also the cost is higher as well. I'm just glad that I got one of these from Amazon. com when I did and will not part with the amp. Been playing for five decades now and I know when I have a good instrument or gear and when I don't. This model is a keeper to be sure. And I don't even like digital! How's that for an endorsement? It's that good for what it does.... overallrating 5   lineend
name Jacy D. Gillum review I got this for $150 dollars when it was on sale. I don't like 8 inch speakers for gigging, but it has unbelievably good sound when going from the line out into a PA. The 8 inch speaker is okay for practice, and it has a jack for an external cabinet. Be careful with the load you put on your amp though. overallrating 5   lineend
name Marktwain10 review  I've been using a very cheap amp for too long and decided to try a tube amp. This thing gave me chills the first time I played it as my wife was staring at me with open mouth after I unboxed it and turned it on thinking at first \"you wasted our money on this\" which turned to \"dang this thing sounds good guess it's ok with me\" as I begin to shred on it with my p90 equipped les paul..The tons of effects are very nice and sound very realistic, and for 5 watts this think can play ridiculously loud and clear in a large living room or small venue, though I don't think it is loud enough for a drummer. It has line out and speaker out which is great, and this amp has nice build quality. Plus it's on sale right now so snatch one before they're all gone. I would gig with this miked or even record with it and plug the line out right into recording device. Note that this thing takes about 15 seconds to warm up so you can't just flip it on and play instantly (not a huge deal, just turn it on before you get situated). I wish they could have crammed a 10 inch speaker in it, though the 8 inch in there sounds rather decent for what it is and is very efficient. So stop thinking about it and just go buy it! overallrating 5   lineend
name David G review Use them all the time.  Has velcro too.  Goes from my DI or preamp to my audio interface.  Good quality. overallrating 5   lineend
name garmenteros review Like my title says, this gets the job done, and is well built. Don't waste your money spending on premium brands like monster cable and get this instead. I challenge anyone to a blind test who can say they can tell a difference. overallrating 5   lineend
name KP review Nice cables for the price. Nice to have a good name on them, and very useful for my band's mixer rack setup. overallrating 5   lineend
name mando2112 review awesome cord hope they make more and the world will be a better place, peace and love to you all !!!!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  My Instant Order Update notice shows that I purchased this in December 3, 2010, and during the time I've owned this cable it has been heavily used and is still noise-free and perfect in all respects.  For context I purchased it to connect a mic tube pre-amp to a mixer, so it has been set up and torn down many times in the past two and a half years.Key points that earn the five stars is the heavy duty strain reliefs, which keep the inside conductors from bending and stressing. I am guessing those are why this patch continues to be noise free and provide a strong signal.  Also, the XLR connectors are of the highest quality. In the past I have cut corners only to find that small details like connectors do not always mate well. Not so with these. They engage and disengage without binding or looseness. Bear in mind that they have been in frequent use - inserted and removed hundreds of times.The outer jacket is fairly thick, which to me is an indication that the manufacturer did not cut corners when this cable was constructed.Overall I am pleased because this patch has withstood a lot of use and has held up perfectly. I would not hesitate to purchase more of this brand and model if I need additional ones. overallrating 5   lineend
name Papa review The plastic piece that screws the wire into the end was made of VERY thin plastic, and cracked in two within a week of light use. I guess I can redo it with electrical tape to make it work, but I have many Whirlwind cables that have lasted me 15+ years. I expected more from this manufacturer, but I guess the quality is not the same as it used to be. overallrating 2   lineend
name RustyBill review  I bought this to &#34;daisy-chain&#34; two small Kustom powered PA cabinets.  Virtually all of the XLR cables available were way too long for my application. This cable filled the bill perfectly. overallrating 5   lineend
name Terry Schoenberger review I buy many of these cable and they all test correctly with a meter and they all work great. So far I haven't had any issues at all. They feel well made and I will continue to use them for the bands PA. overallrating 5   lineend
name Z. Mehrbach review  This is a great xlr cable and does the job for what I need it to, which is attach my dslr shoe to an external shotgun mic.  It has low noise, clean sound/good transmission.  The only issue is that this particular cable, more-so than any of my other ones, is hard to get a locking click on anything it attaches to on either end.  Once it's attached it's fine, but then it's the same coming off, I have to pull much harder than with my other cables and it makes me worried I'll damage a microphone.  With expensive equipment, I'd use a different cable as the tight grip on both the male and female sides worries me. overallrating 3   lineend
name Blaine T. Jones review I bought this guitar nearly a year ago. It was my first guitar. I never cared much for the sound. It always sounded out of tune, even when it was in tune. I eventually bought an acoustic guitar to learn to play and have been happier with it than this Squier. My skills are slowly improving but I wanted another electric so I sprang for a Epiphone Les Paul. Yes, it's 3x more expensive than the Squier BulletStrat - but it sounds 10x better.If you buy a Squier, I think you need to be prepared to make this a \"project\" guitar. You'll probably want to replace the tuners, pickups, bridge, etc.Or just buy a better guitar to begin with. At this price point you probably won't find much better but you probably want to spend a little more for a much better guitar. overallrating 3   lineend
name Harry An review  Had it for about two weeks and I'm about to return it now.Things that I like(d):1. It's a classic Fender and I was looking for something of good quality with great price.2. Sounds clear and crystal good, unplugged.3. This can be subjective but I think this BulletStrat is more comfortable than a Les Paul simply because it's wider and thinner.4. All the previous four ratings here on Amazon and even higher ratings on Musician's friend.Things I don't like much:1. 15th fret of lower E string is dead, and like always I take quality control into my rating account.(I don't want to bother go to a local shop for a fix, never mention that's $20 in addition)2. I couldn't figure out why the tune nob never changed the sound (like not a bit)? (I'm new to electric but my Les Paul does change tunes... in a much much more obvious way)3. Talking about plugged sound, it's no where close to unplugged. Notes are pretty mixed up and not separated/clear, very loud though.4. I don't know if it's universal, I ordered new and get it with dirty plastic cover with scratches. What's worse is, they place this nasty cover in between of the panel and the components upon it which makes it impossible to remove... (I', not even sure if I can call it a protective cover because it's pretty weak and thin.)This is overall an OK guitar, consider its price it can be made at least slightly better. For beginners on budget with less than $200, I would recommend go for the better ones with a little more price. For example, me, I got a SX Deimos ($175) Les Paul which I'm in love with now. Simply everything about it is better, and I finally get the feelings of an electric. I'm glad I don't need to stuck with this anymore.According to Amazon,3 Stars - It's OK4 Stars - I like it5 Stars - I love it3 Stars Checked, it really IS just an OKAY guitar to me.Thanks for reading, and hope people find their beloved guitars! overallrating 3   lineend
name Judith Johnson review  I am so in love with my &#34;pinkie&#34;! I have been taking lessons using an electric acoustic guitar and I wanted to see the difference. This has a thinner neck so you don't have to stretch so wide, so it's easier on my hands. It's actually fairly light for an electric guitar and I went with it because it's by Fender and it does seem to have that Fender quality for the price. The only thing that I don't like is that it has a slight buzzy sound on the 6th string. I will know better when I take the originals off, but for now it wasn't a major issue. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Beach review  s, you know I'm a serial hot-rodder. And THIS is my favorite 'victim'. Why? Because it's such a sound platform to begin with (pun intended).The basic stuff on the Bullet is very good...and for many, it's all that's required. But let's quest after some serious, big-league sound. The first things to upgrade are the pickups. The standard ceramic-magnet Squier pickups do yeoman's work, but they're wonderfully eclipsed by top-drawer pickups from Lace and Seymour Duncan. My favorites? A Lace Red Dually bridge with a single Lace Hot Gold parked half-way between the middle and neck positions. The Lace Hot Gold value pack with a Hot Gold Hot bridge pickup. And the Lace 'patriot' Red, Silver, and Blue value pack. You simply have to hear the difference these pickups make to believe it...and all you need to find out is a Phillips screwdriver, a cheap soldering iron, some low-temperature solder, a pair of wire-cutters, option YouTube 'how-to' videos, and some patience.But wait a minute, hold the phone...what about the stock pick guard? Please memorize this: Chandler Guitar's Pickguard Heaven. Better yet, Google it. They're wonderful folks and they do excellently-affordable work. With a custom pick guard, virtually ANYTHING is possible (e.g. how about a Seymour Duncan Dimebucker bridge?)!The next thing to do is to block the tremolo (whammy) mechanism. Proper vibrato comes from the fingers. Period. A small piece of oak from Home Depot, carefully whittled (not for the guitar's sake, but for your finger's) can be easily wedged between the guitar body and the die-cast tremolo string-carrier by removing (and eventually replacing) six Phillips screws on the back of your Strat. Hey, now you're Eric Clapton.If you want bold-as-brass sound, the stock plastic nut can be replaced with a brass Strat nut, a bit of careful filing, and a tiny touch of epoxy or Gorilla glue. Why bother? A more forward lead guitar sound. If you play rhythm, don't bother.Finally, if you're a monster about precise tuning and have basic woodworking skills, the very good stock tuners can be replaced with state-of-the-art six-inline tuners from several manufacturers. Note well: most folks will be more than well served by the stock tuners.So what's then point of all this? For the price of one genuine American Strat (which is a VERY nice ride if you can afford it) you can have three or four, arguably-equally-excellent Squier Bullets with a diverse mix of pickups and resulting sounds. overallrating 5   lineend
name Larry G. Kent review  My first Elec Guitar, I'm 60 years old, and this Guitar is PERFECT..If theirs better ones out there, then I can't wait to get one..I've got this one on a small 15 watt Amp, that's not a name brandAmp, and it sounds very good..So, needless to say I'm verrrrrrry happy, and love the blues and Jazz sounds I'm getting..B T W ...Who said learning the guitar was difficult..Piece of Cake, if u practice..Buy this Guitar, u won't be sorry you did..EnjoyJawbone overallrating 5   lineend
name Nunya Biz review The Squier Bullet that I have is actually the model without the tremolo, however, everything else is just about the same as the model you see above. It's a nice guitar for the money. Nice size, action, and finish. It's not a high-end guitar so don't expect it to sound like one, but for a beginner, it's pretty sweet. I bought a more expensive blues guitar and had planned on trading this one in or selling it, however, I like it so much, that I plan on keeping it as a back up. Parts are pretty easy to come by (with slight modifications, but that's to be expected) and fairly cheap too. overallrating 4   lineend
name patriotsarebest review Great for a beginner electric.Needed new strings but everything else was smooth.Pick up a set of slinky strings and all is well. overallrating 4   lineend
name Princessdeo review It feels great, looks great, and sounds great. What more can I say? If you're just starting out, this guitar is perfect for you. Once you get better at playing it, you can customize it a bit more to your level of skill. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rojimbo review This guitar just got stolen from me!!! Frikkin thieves, I loved this guitar from the moment it was in my hands, it is super light, unlike my other gretsch guitar, so easy to take anywhere, it can handle some rough playing, its simply awesome, specially for what it costs! I am SOOOOO getting another one :D overallrating 5   lineend
name sid review Ok for the price.  Tuners old style not sealed.  PUP plate mal-adjusted and off quite a bit.  I'd suggest adding locking tuners or at least modern day versions.On the positive, action and intonation good.  Better than expected.  Much better than most Chinese guitars at the same price level.  However, I've purchased others that have higher quality hardware for the same or less.  That said, you'll probably do OK.Epiphone setup and overall quality better than the Squier. overallrating 3   lineend
name Wes Caldwell review  Many years ago I had a Fender Stratocaster and I had to get rid of it, so now I have the closest that I will ever get to that guitar again. This one sounds great and looks good, and the price is great as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name W. Soh review I initially wanted a Yamaha Pacifica 012DLX - Guitar Center in Eugene claimed to have stock in website - but when I reached there - there wasn't any. So I tested an Affinity and a Bullet HSS instead - and thought the Bullet was pretty ok - but they did not have the color I wanted. So I ordered through Amazon - but I bought a microcube from Guitar Center as I'm greatful for the opportunity to test guitars.I waited for 2 weeks before I make this review so that it would be accurate and not based on initial impression.I received the guitar in perfect condition - it came in a brown box shipping with no pictures or nice colors. Just a few words SQUIER by Fender. New strings and scratch free. Made in China it says. However - it did not have sharp frets like I experience with some 100 bucks guitarsThe action came very high and I had intended to return it - but the guitar was perfect and I couldn't find any fault to return. So I proceed to setup the guitar through 3 long and painful steps: 1)Straightened the neck by adjusting the truss rod. 2)Then measured the string action height and set it from 1.5mm for the first 3 strings and 2mm for the last 3 strings. 3)Setup the intonation using a tuner. You really need a tuner for this step.After that, the guitar was splendid. It did go out of tune in 2 or 3 days but stabilized after that. I do not use the trem bar for fear of losing the tuning.After 2 weeks, I'm still loving the guitar. Beginners be warned - you may like the action or may need to do setup like I did. In fact I'm so impressed with Squier that I'm thinking of getting the Squier Standard Strat next - pretty curious of the Alnico pups.Latest review:Downgraded from 5 to 3 stars.I bought a Washburn RX40 with Duncan USM.The bullet is nice but I outgrew it.The tuners are hard to tune as they are not sensitive.The bullet has little sustain unless you want to experiment with it by changing strings, Tusq nut, locking the trem down.. etc.I'd recommend to save some money and buy something above $200. Guitars at that price may be twice the cost,.. but is more than twice better.The 2 important things are not in Bullet: the sustain and the sound.Latest review:The product is back at 5 stars!I got the sustain to improve by increasing the action.Fret buzz causes the the sustain to be cut short.There some sounds that a Strat can do that humbuckers type guitar fall short...like attack finger plucking. overallrating 5   lineend
name Alfredo review These cables work perfect for connecting my mixer to my amp.  Not too long, not too short.  Just what I needed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris Syria review it works, got on time.  I am happy overallrating 4   lineend
name DeAngelo D. review It connected well in the nady smps-x1 phantom power unit I bought! I'll update how I hook it up! Check! overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Farnsworth review I use these cables to go from the balanced outputs of my digital piano (I have a pro model with XLR outs) to the inputs of studio monitors or audio interfaces.  Works every time.  Balanced signal is so much better...no more issues with ground loops or other problems.  Just clear as a bell.They were cheap and the build quality is fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name G.R.K. review What makes a good cable?  One that works.  I've had these XLR cables fail because the pins get loose, so I hope this doesn't happen to this one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeff and Denise review I needed a cable to go from my mic to the floor, just to plug in a delay effect (our PA doesn't have an effects loop).This is just what the doctor ordered.I just toss it in my gig bag with my vocal effects pedal and run the regular XLR from the pedal to the PA and I'm in business.[...] overallrating 5   lineend
name j flavors review Not much to say about a XLR cable.It works.Average quality..does the job. No problems. Good price, came quickly through PRIME. overallrating 3   lineend
name John review Needed a 6ft cable for home recording at my desk, all the other long ones would have made a mess under my feet, good thing there was this shorty. Nice cord, sturdy build, good sound. Electrons go through it and don't leak out so it's perfect i guess. overallrating 5   lineend
name linh review It's working ok, not for hard useI just use it on my PC table for karaoke online.with phantom mic it's well done. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mark King review I originally bought several of these cables to use between our DMX light fixtures. The day they arrived I happened to need a six foot cord on my live mic stand so I tried one of these. The cable is soft and flexible and I could not tell any difference in sound from the custom cable I had been using (that's a good thing, my other cable was very expensive).The connectors are not gold plated but it's an inexpensive cable, it's not pretending to be anything other than a decent low-cost XLR two-conductor shielded cable. It's working for me, I'll be buying more for our studio. overallrating 5   lineend
name RICHARD A DINSMORE review Good quality, well made. Its a simple cable, what can be said. It was a good deal, did the job. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ron1414 review I use it with home recording and it is great for my needs. I recommend this to anyone who records at home. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Dawdy review Often, we get what we pay for. After researching various pieces of sound equipment for weeks and weeks, I chose solid items for reasonable prices.I should've known better to skimp on what is a critical piece of the puzzle - the quality of the cable. This item simply didn't ever work - it arrived with a bent pen on one end, and even when we attempted to straighten it, it didn't connect well onto the mixer board. The microphone end was a VERY shaky connection with the most intermittent power conveyed to the mic.Don't buy this item - spend the relatively small extra amount and get a more reliable brand. overallrating 1   lineend
name T review These cables seem to be quality-made.  I purchased them to go with my two microphones (also in the same Amazon order).I have yet to try them with my microphone. overallrating 4   lineend
name Top Flite Golfer review  Got this because I thought the length would be enough.  It was, but I wanted more mobility so went to the longer length.  Had no problems with this cable though.  Works great! overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayne Stewart review  I use this soft flexible cable between my 48 volt phantom PS, and the mic connector to my system because it need not be long to do its job. No audible hum detected when using this mic cord, either. Feels solid, and will probably last for many years to come. overallrating 5   lineend
name Christopolis79 review For the price I think it's hard to get any better than this.  I love this case.  It fits perfectly in the overhead bin on planes.  It's light and feels comfortable when you carry it.  Had mine for 2 years now and no complaints, still as good as new.  The look is not that inspiring, but it protects your guitar.  Some reviews are mentioning faulty hinges but I've had no problems with mine. overallrating 4   lineend
name CHUS01 Fan review I tried this at the store.  It looks like it would protect a guitar, but the latches are kind of large and clumsy.  The interior was nothing special either.  I passed. overallrating 3   lineend
name cvmaparadog review I recently purchased a used American Fender Strat that came with the old tweed case...nice case, but doesn't provide the protection that I need for my guitars. The Fender/SKB case is built like a tank and provides great protection and it has TSA locks for when you travel. A no-brainer for Fender guitars. overallrating 4   lineend
name Paparaptor review I recently traveled across country carrying 2 similar guitars, a Fender American Standard Strat and a Fender American Standard Telecaster. One was in the SKB Fender case ($99.95 on Amazon), the other in a Gator case purchased locally.  I was told it was just as good as the Fender case. Both ended up in checked luggage.  After 1 flight from Florida to LAX and back (non-stop, minimal handling) the glue on the top section of the Gator case gave up.  The padding is now loose and the strap to keep the top from flopping completely open is dangling inside the case.  Neither guitar was damaged and the cases appear in fine shape, but with the padding loose, the Gator case is going to require some repair before it can be used again. Other than a couple of scuff marks on the SKB Fender case, it's as good as new.  I just ordered another SKB Fender case.  The Gator will be re-glued and used only for local trips with cheaper guitars.  The SKB Fenders will be my airline cases from now on. overallrating 5   lineend
name StevenEddy review  Sturdy - great latches - I love the handle - so comfortable to carry - nice and big so it fits your hand well.Not a lot of interior storage - but my Strat fits well - it is very secure inside.There is enough room inside for a strap and a cleaning cloth, a few picks and a set of strings - but not much else.My old case I could also fit a Boss TU-3 tuner - this ensures a thinner, lighter case.The case is also very well balanced with the guitar inside.If I purchase another Strat I will purchase this case again. Great case. Heavy duty. Rugged. Sturdy.   10-23-2012 - still holding up well! overallrating 5   lineend
name alexander review Acquired a 1993 strat without a trem and ordered this one. It fits perfect and even though I'm not a huge whammy user it's nice to have for that occasional vibrato. overallrating 4   lineend
Hendrix, bro.This arm fit my Mexican Strat perfectly.  I then sold it to a beginner guitarist for a great price.  I firmly believe that this small investment of vibrato arm greatly increased my return.  The only problems is that I'm not sure I can afford to pay the capital gains tax for all the profit that I made on my guitar investment.  I might have to sell one of my Lexuses.. Lexi.. what the hell is the plural of Lexus? overallrating 5   lineend
name Delta Echo review Say it all, but the replacement is milled finer and has better threads than the original piece.  A great upgrade when adding new parts to the inexpensive but fantastic Squire. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jon review This arm is a direct replacement for the original.....  It is a bit to long for my liking and I may shorten it down in the near future. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael A. Johnson review this tremolo arm needed to be bent outwards a bit in order for it screw down enough while still clearing the volume and tone controls, overall a pretty good purchase overallrating 4   lineend
name scott schwartz review It works as advertised.  Replaced missing tremolo bar.  I don't normally use one, but if I ever wanted to sell the Strat I would want to sell it complete. overallrating 5   lineend
name SILVERBACK review Very nice quality part.  Fit the trem very snugly until some of the chrome plating was removed. But my Mexi-Strat is now complete. overallrating 5   lineend
name Eric review Background:I'm a gear-head, with an affection for pedals and always looking for amps that take them well.  Before my current set-up, I played a Fender Strat run through my effects into a Vox AC15.  The Vox sounded great but I had two problems: 1 - The all tube amp made me worry that my amp could crap out in the middle of a gig. 2 - At 15 watts, even though it was loud, I'd often have to crank my amp to keep up with the rest of the band, and as the tube amp increased, so did it's natural gain.  That would normally be sweet, but it would color my effects with a different tone, and often times leave me having feedback issues.Enter the Fender Frontman 212R!This thing has TONS of clean headroom, and it seems like it was built for pedals.  I can crank the amp or keep it quiet, and there is no tone changes done to my effects.  This is a benefit of a solid state amp with high wattage and lots of clean headroom.  It makes it easy to dial in your sound every time, no matter what volume you play at.Secondly, it's Fender reliable (with a 5 year warranty).  No tubes means no tube issues.  Yes, it doesn't sound as good as the Vox by itself, but that's why I have pedals.Other things worth mentioning:It's not as heavy as my Vox (all tube) amp.  I can carry this in with one hand and my guitar case with another.It's got 2x12inch speakers.  They push some serious sound, and they have some low punch too.  My Vox had a better speaker, but the 12 inch by itself would often get stressed at high volumes.  This amp puts out a wall of clean sounds that can put you down!My Vox may be a better recording amp, but this is a better gigging amp every day of the year. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  I had two of these and wound up selling one because I never used it. The one I kept is currently serving as a keyboard amp for two keyboards (simultaneously): aRoland RD-300NX Digital Stage Pianoand aRoland V-combo 76 Key Stage Keyboard. I was able to do this because there are two inputs on the front of the amp. Input 1 is designed for normal sensitivity and Input 2 is designed for guitars with active pickups. Thus far I have had no problems with both boards connected at the same time, and it does not seem to matter which board is connected to which input.The sound is impressive. Exceptionally clean, and the amp provides controls to allow you to contour your sound, which helps significantly when running keyboards through it.  Moreover, the amp is loud if you choose to make it so, and even at high-gain settings it has ample headroom.If you want distortion, this is probably not the amp for you. You can switch it from clean to drive to more drive, but it is essentially still a clean sounding amp. I find this to be a plus, but I have met my share of guitarists who think otherwise.Another great feature is you can daisychain these amps using the Pre-Out on the master to the Pwr-In on the aux amp(s). You can also use these two jacks to run an effects loop. I personally have no use for those features, but I can see how they could be useful.Overall, I love the amp and wish Fender made a single 12\" model because it is pretty heavy and bulky. Those are hardly significant complaints since I sometimes regret selling my second one because if something happens to the one I still have I would replace it immediately. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul S. Brzozowski review  First I bought a FM212DSP on the recommendation of a sales guy in a store. That was my mistake. I was looking for that \"Clean Fender Sound\" without paying the big bucks.Well, here it is friends, in all it's glory. Tons of headroom, so clean it can squeak if you want. Tele players should fall all over this thing as a practice amp.  Young players who are not heavy metal will absolutely love this for the price. It's LOUD, it's clean, and there is a fair amount of distortion in it, although you have to coax the distortion out of it.  Add a Danelectro Distortion pedal of some sort off Amazon for distortion and you're home. I own nine amps, including Fender, Crate, and Peavey tube models, and this is cleaner. If you play C&W;, look no further. If you fingerpick, this is your amp. Electrified banjo, mandolin or violin?  This is the amp!But, if you follow the darker side, keep looking... overallrating 5   lineend
name The Count review Try to get the version w/the black cabinet for around $300 as that's what most major music stores are charging. In any case, I was really looking more for a twin 12\" speaker to pair with an amp head but those can cost as much, if not more, than this combo!The clean side of the amp is exactly that - very very clean. This amp has tons of power to spare. In your house you do not have or want to turn it up beyond 3. Can't even imagine what the 8 or 9 might be like. I have my own separate effects stomp box so I can let this amp sound like almost ANYTHING. The big plus here is that unlike with real tube amps that need to be cranked up pretty much to get the right sound, here you can have it set on 2 and still get pretty much any amp sound (I am using a ZOOM MS50G). All in all hard to beat, for practice session as well as small to mid size gigs. Only thing I miss a bit is a headphone jack. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tyler Adams review I have been playing for 9 years.  Have owned many different guitars and amps, tube and solid state.  Currently own and use...Marshall JCM2000 DSL 100 w/1960b cabMarshall MG half-stackFender Super Champ X2 w/Carvin cabFender Frontman 212rLine 6 Spider III 120 Watt 2x10Kustom 35 Watt Combo 1x12Out of my solid state amps, this one sounds the best.  In fact, this amp sounds great, gets plenty loud, is affordable, and is not some junk brand you have never heard of.  Has a great clean tone with a lot of low end.  Reverb sounds great as well.  A little overdrive sounds good too unless you use too much, gets quite noisy and loses its clarity.  Remember, this amp is NOT for metal.  If high gain is what your after, then stay away.  If you are into ANY other kind of music, then this amp is fantastic and quite good for the price.  Also, unless your playing with a drumset, this amp is overkill as far as volume goes.  100 watts is not at all necessary for the bedroom guitarist. If you are into ANY other kind of music, then this amp is fantastic and quite good for the price.  All in all this amp was a good buy and I recommend it to anyone in the market for a solid state amp in this price range....But this wouldn't be a very good review without having some cons.  So here are mine.  These are by no means deal breakers but I find them quite annoying.POWER SWITCH IS ON THE BACK?-I find it annoying to have to reach around the back of the amp and feel for the power switch every time I turn it on.  It is especially annoying if you are like me and have limited space and stack your amps on top of each other.  With another amp sitting on top of my Frontman 212r, the power switch is even harder to get to.EFFECTS LOOP IS ON THE FRONT?-The last thing I want to see on or around my rig is messy wires everywhere.  When using the effects loop, one has to deal with looking at two more wires hanging down over the front of your amp when they could be hidden in the back.  Not the end of the world but I just don't understand why.  Why Fender why?FOOT-SWITCH JACK IS ON THE FRONT?-This one is not so bad, but just adds more messy wires to the picture.REVERB IS NOT FOOT-SWITCHABLE.-Foot-switch includes \"Channel\" and \"Boost\" buttons.  A third button for \"Reverb\" would have been AMAZING.CAB IS MADE OF SUPER CHEAP PARTICLE BOARD.-Not that I expected anything different in this price range, but the \"wood\" used is so soft, that you CANNOT pick it up by the back.  I could easily break a piece off with my bare hand if I wanted to, no exaggeration.  I know because when I first got this amp I went to pick it up and I immediately stopped myself because I could feel it about to break.---BOTTOM LINE---BUY if...-This is the best amp you can afford-This matches the sound your after-You need the 100 Watts to be loud enough for a drumset-You want the Fender name and sound without the huge price-tag.DONT BUY if...-You play metal/hard rock-This is your first amp-You only plan on playing at bedroom levels-You can afford a tube amp overallrating 4   lineend
name B. Shumway review These tuners look and feel great. I used them on a Warmouth neck that I purchased for my strat build. It was kind of a pain having to drill the 2 holes for the prongs on each tuner, but that is the way it is designed. They would be a suitable replacement for Fender tuners should one ever break.The gold hardware looks awesome on my guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chandler review Warning the tuners have two bumps instead of one. When I looked at the picture it looked like there was only one but there is two and I didnt find it anywhere in the description. Anyway it just lost one star for that I still put them on my guitar and it looks bad a@#!!!! overallrating 4   lineend
name Grejam53 review I put these on my Dlx Players Strat but it wasn't a piece of cake. First problem... no instructions came with the package. Found a method done by another searching online. Served as a guide. Second, after removing the old Fender Tuners I noticed the new tuners didn't fit into the slots. This meant drilling out the holes by another 1/8 of an inch. Blue tape both sides as to prevent marring. Third, the new unit using a tightening center nut rather than screws to the headstock. There are also with two dimples. I used a ruler clamped to the headstock for keeping straight alignment and another clamp to press the dimples into the tock for drill bit placement. Then carefully drilled two holes per tuner. Take you time on all of this as not to damaged the finish on the headstock. These rest was simple. Install the tuners and tighten the nuts is now a breeze.  If you are not mechanically inclined then I strongly suggest you go to a Luthier as this is more than a simple replacement job. For the price you think they at least provide specs and some instructions. overallrating 3   lineend
name Johnny Guitar review  These are a direct drop in replacement on Fender Standard (MIM) stratocasters, Fender American Standard, Fender American Deluxe.I have replaced my tuners of this style with Fenders locking version that looks just like these but has a thumbwheel on the back.Unfortunately, the locking ones are difficult to get in a gold finish. (But you can get them, ultimately.)I ordered a set of these non-locking ones - the finish is nice and is the deep dark gold that matches fender's /schaller's gold hardware. (not all gold hardware is the same color gold). The quality is good and they look and function well. However, I returned them because they are not locking...I ultimately decided a locking tuner was more important for the guitar I was building.If you just want gold tuners, don't care about the string locking feature, and are playing a fender strat or tele - you can't beat these. By comparison to a lot of the gold tuners, the price of these on amazon is quite reasonable too. overallrating 4   lineend
name Kyle review These are great tuners, and they look great.  I've never had a lot of interest in locking tuners, except on my floyd rose guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brendon review I was doing research on a new guitar rig and I kept seeing this amp mentioned. Almost all of the reviews I read were positive. I decided to order it for a home practice amp when I don't want to dig out my main rig.The build quality is solid - it feels like a much more expensive amp. Many amps in this price range seem cheap and poorly constructed. I was really impressed with the packaging, the documentation and the build of the amp. This is my first Fender amp and probably not my last.The sound quality is amazing. Being a heavier rock/metal player, I would never have chosen a Fender amp even for home practice. The first channel has a wonderful clean tone and the second channel has several modeled amps. The tone ranges from clean to jazz to high gain. There is even an acoustic model, and it sounds pretty good too. There are a ton of Youtube videos of people demoing the sounds of this amp so I won't go much further into this.The included effects are simple but pretty cool as well, and can be switched on and off via the optional foot switch.Overall I'd say that this is a great amp for the price, and like many others, I highly recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name DMGenest | review  I will start with saying this is NOT a Class 1 Tube amp; meaning ALL tube in the pre-ampAND the amplifier sections. I will also say that if you can find one used - buy it. It is awonderful practice amp and can also serve well as a studio amp or a small gig amp. Ipurchased this amp about 2 years ago and love it.The Super Champ XD is considered a 'hybrid' amp. It uses solid state circuits and tubesto bring you your hybrid 15 watts of sound.  The power amp is all tube and the preampis solid state and tube. I am not real technical when it come to amps but can tell youthis amp has had some detractors and a lot of fans mainly because it is a hybrid. Thereis definitely plenty of opinions out there on the web.This amp has two channels; one clean Classic 'Blackface' tone channel and one channelthat uses digital signal processing to dial in 16 effects and 16 different amplifier voices.You can purchase a foot switch for about $25 that enable you switch between channelone and channel two.The amp also has a 1/4\" Speaker Out so you can connect an external speaker box if youso choose to increase your decibels with a bigger speaker. There is also a 1/4\" Line Outto connect recording or sound reinforcement equipment. Unfortunately, there is not aHeadphone Output or Effects Loop.The amplifier use three tubes: 1x 12AX7 and 2x 6V6s. It's speaker is a 10 inch, 8ohm'Special Design' Fender. If you want to get louder, fuller and cleaner you could replacethe stock speaker with a Eminence 'Rajin Cajun'. You can also just break in the stockspeaker and see what you think. Some players are comfortable with the stock speaker.With regard to tubes and speakers there are plenty of forums out there that talk about themods they use and the subsequent results from those mods. This is an amp you can easilymod and after a few years there have been plenty of people doing just that.I will say that the clean channel is very nice whether I play through my Gibsons or myFender Tele. I very much enjoy the clean Blackface sound of the amp. It will breakupwhen you dial up to about 4 or 5 on the Master.The Digital Voicing Processor(DSP), from what I read from more experienced players, arepretty darn close to the original. Voices like, Tweed, British (Think Vox jangle), FenderHot Rod, Metal, an Acoustic 'super clean' tone optimized for finger picking. There is alsoa clean Jazz tone that has the 'character of the Fender Jazz King amplifier'. Again, I amnot that experienced with all of these tones but many players have positivecomments about the digital voices.With regard to the Effects (Vibratone, Delay, Reverb, Chorus, and Tremolo) the opinionsout there is that they are serviceable but not authentic. It is often recommended to buya pedal specific for the effect you are looking for if you want 'authentic'.If you want or need  a highly versatile voice channel with a wonderful clean channel thisis the amp. It  weighs only 25 pounds (10.9kg) so it's portability is very good. This ampwas a wonderful deal at $300 when I originally bought it in 2011. It is still a good dealtoday - if you can find one used. overallrating 5   lineend
name John Barry review That's not to brag but to illustrate my experience with AMPS. Everything you can imagine. This AMP ranks up there with the best of them. I'm surprised as I've hated (with a passion) every DSP solid state amp I've ever played. This hybrid is incredible. The effects are excellent. The built in compression is amazing and the amp works excellent for recording. It has many onboard effects but I have racks and pedals that outdo those, so I don't use them for recording.It's not a band amp unless you're an acoustic band or your drummer has electronic drums. It's 15 Watts, but it's loud... it's just not quite loud enough to get those cleans over the drums, though you might be fine for overdrive -- depending on the venue and situation.It's not going to emulate certain amps like a VOX very well, but it does excellent with a Fender Black face (excluding the tube reverb). It does a Bassman ok, but doesn't quite capture that chime and nuisances tone of the original '59 Bassman. Doesn't cost $11,000 dollars other. It does a Marshall pretty well. Marshall's based on '59 Bassman without the delicate touch, so there's no wonder. The acoustic gives a very clean sound and makes that clean sound more full, yet doesn't sound like a filter. 0, 6, 7, 9 and 12 are amazing voices. You can bypass that and use  it without effects or voicing and it sounds a lot like the original Super Champ.I also have a 2x12 Vintage 30 box I connect it to for even more of a wonderful fully dynamic and full rich sound. When I'm just playing around the house or need a quick recording and don't wanna have to dial in sounds with my Vox AC30 or Fender Deluxe Reverb then this my amp of choice. It is miles ahead of a Fender Blues Deluxe.Yes, this is indeed the best amp you will find for the price and the most versatile amp I've played outside of a $2000 mesa boogie.Buy it. In fact, buy two. This is a future classic. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Reynolds review  s this amp raves about the how authentic and interesting the Digital Models are... and they are absolutely right.But this amp breaks new ground with the simple fact that you can switch directly from playing a song with a Tweed or Hot Rod tone directly to an authentic Champ amp.  Not a model of a Champ Amp, the real deal!The implications of this amp are really huge.  I'd love to see Fender do the same thing with a Pro Jr. or even a Blues Jr. Amp.  Perhaps they might go that direction in the future depending on the success of this amp.  who knows.  But what I do know is that this amp is simply bursting with character.The Digital PresetsFor me, the highlights are the authenticity of the Tweed, Blackface and Hot Rod tones.  I really feel like channel 10 sounds like a clean blues jr coming through the 10 inch speaker.  The tweed tones are syruppy and awesome.  The Blackface clean sounds like a Princeton, and I even think they were trying to emulate a Deluxe Reverb on channel 5.As Far as Volume...People ask, is it loud enough to gig with?  Sure.  It can get loud enough over drums etc.  But, I'd mic it anyway.  I get my best overdriven tones in the midrange of the volume.  Mic it and you can play it anywhere.The Only downsides...As much as Fender tries to throw a bone to metal heads, this amp really doesn't give Metalheads that much to work with.  It would be a great practice amp for any guitarist, Blues, Metal, Jazz or Country...But the Metal tones are not going to be as big and rectified as you would want them if you want to chug through some metallica riffs.Lack of a Mid Control.  I'm not sure that I understand why you'd have an EQ with Treble and Bass with no Mid control.  Personally, it's the EQ knob that I would use the most, but if you are switching between Digital Presets you have to work with the Treble and Bass to find the sweet spot for your mids.  To my ears, it's not in the same spot on all presets.  That one knob would make this amp a lot quicker and easier to use for someone like me who likes to bounce between presets.This amp is cool and unique. Which is why it will be the first digital modeling amp that is still worth something when Fender releases the next big new thing.  Line 6 and Vox tube/digital combos have really fallen quite flat and have no resale value after the next generation comes out.  Fender has found a sweet spot of value, quality and usability.  This is going to be a rare technological achievement that people will still hang on to and be happy with 10 years later.Truly a unique and versatile creation. overallrating 5   lineend
name SeBo review  Well I love da Fender products, always have always will. I recently built me a nice custom strat, and had been testing out a few of the various mini-tube amps out on the market lately, (which is where I would categorize this amp) even though it has better tubes and more watts. These are my comparison testing amps, (I own both of the 2 amps below and have also tried a number of others in the music store down the road):Blackheart Killer Ant (12\" Blackheart cabinet)Vox AC4TV8 4-Watt 8\" Compact All-Tube Practice Amp with Celestion VX10 Speaker (also speakered out to the 12\" Blackheart cabinet)I've also tested all my amps in various ways by re-tubing them with a number of my collected tubes:Groove TubesJJ TubesSovtek TubesSvetlana TubesTung-Sol Tubes (gold)and straight out of the box, this thing beat them all of in sound quality, even with what a lot of people are calling a cheap Fender speaker version. I also plugged \"The Champ\" into my 12\" Blackheart speaker cabinet and it sounded even better using my strat (but I will do more speaker testing later). Fender amps have always leaned to sounding better with fender guitars, where as Gibson, Epiphone, type guitars really sound pretty good on the Vox and Blackheart models.Now when this amp came out, it was way overpriced but as always that price has fallin into a reasonable range. I mean the price of all of these mini-tube amps are minimal in comparison to the nicer ones, but again this thing is loaded with better guts, so maybe that why it screams better.... ya-hoo, me likey! Better guts, better performance, plus Fender has added an extra range of effects and amp sounds. Its small in size, light in weight, loud and easy to carry with you for jam sessions. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Shumway review I bought this for my stratocaster build and it works perfectly. The holes lined up, it felt sturdy, and it is a genuine fender part.It isn't completely black though. There is a white stripe running around the outer edge. Not a problem for me, but it may be for some. overallrating 5   lineend
name fendertele67 review A genuine Fender part that looks great on my '10 MIM Strat. Good price and it arrived quickly as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fernando Valenzuela review I swapped out the pickguard on my American Standard to a black one so I figured I'd change the back plate as well. While nobody really sees the back, it drives me nuts when the front and back don't match. Because I didn't want to go without a back plate, as some people like to do, I picked this one up. The holes lined up perfectly and it literally takes less than a minute to install. You can't go wrong with genuine Fender parts. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kyle review Not much to say about this one.  It's a genuine fender trem cover, and it will do its job well. overallrating 5   lineend
name SILVERBACK review Promptly received, nicely packaged with protective film on it.  Little bit of fiddling with it to get the holes lined up, but overall a very nice part.  Compliments my B/W/B pickgaurd nicely. Open slot in the back much more convenient than the series of holes, normally found. overallrating 5   lineend
name Steve review The screw holes are just a shade off for my guitar, and you would think they would want to standardize so they didn't have to carry so many parts.  Nope, doesn't fit a Squire Affinity, just FYI. overallrating 3   lineend
name Tyler Adams review Fit my MIM strat perfectly, not much else to say.  Always buy Fender parts for Fender guitars, dont be cheap and order china copies on ebay, they wont fit. overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam Mohr review Does what its suppose to..only giving it 4 stars because they should have a multiple preset switch available rather then only letting you do one overallrating 4   lineend
name Dr Jay review  This switch goes with the Fender Blues Jr. III series of tube amps.  The connector is well hidden, it is up underneath the main badge on the back of the amp and you have to reach up underneath to find it.  These are single channel amps, the foot switch activates the Fat Switch, which gives a little extra boost to folks playing single coil pickups.  For an LP or other double coil the switch is almost overkill.  But this is the switch for that amp. overallrating 4   lineend
name F. L. Hall review  I needed a single button switch for my little Mustang I that I practice on. I've never owned the Fender model switch but I know what it is. It will do the job but it's lightweight and won't sit flat on the floor if the cord isn't laying exactly right. I searched a little further and ran across this switch on Amazon by scrolling down a bit. \"Marshall Footswitch, One Button With LED by AmplifiedParts.\" Folks, this thing is built like a tank. The casing is made of heavy duty (I don't know what gauge) solid steel. There's nothing rinky dink about it. I plugged it in to the FTSW jack, clicked the button, the LED lit up and the amp switched to the other tagged preset. Again, light went out and back to the original. It felt solid under my foot and I don't think one can tear the casing up unless they have a 3 or 4 lb. sledge hammer. I don't know how well the electronics will hold up (I just got it today) but the switch, again, feels solid like it's supposed to. It cost me $20.90 with shipping. It takes a couple of days longer to arrive than what we're use to with Amazon but it ships directly from AmplifiedParts, I believe. I'm a Fender fan but this beats their single switch. Thanks for reading guys. Lane H. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gary D. Garvin review  I've noticed that the two-button tremelo/vibrato pedals for the Fender Deluxe Reverb re-issue and Twin Reverb re-issue break down pretty quick. This replacement, so far, is hanging in there. overallrating 3   lineend
name giubaloo review This is a simple footswitch that allows you to switch between two different presets on your Fender Mustang amp. It is very easy to use, and works exactly as advertised. This switch is not bulletproof, but works great for playing around with your small practice amp. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeremy D. review Mr Miyagi couldn't have said it any better.Robust, compact unit which I use with a Fender Rumble 75. Plenty of lead so I can position it where I need it, and thank heavens for duct tape. overallrating 5   lineend
name Josiah Springman review Nice foot switch for the mustang amp. Able to switch from clean to distortion quickly within a song easily. Great quality. overallrating 5   lineend
name Katheryn Bowling review Switches channels on my Mustang II like a charm. Would have received a 5-star rating had it been in a metal enclosure. It is plastic, but it suits my needs. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael A. Johnson review gives a nice little boost on my blues jr, however this is not a replacement for an overdrive pedal in my opinion, just more of a boost. wish it had a grippy bottom made from rubber vs a smooth bottom made from plastic... overallrating 4   lineend
name nette review The fender 1 button footswitch is made specifically for the Fender Mustangs 1&2 It works exactly how i expected it to switches quickly and on point from effects though its only good for 2 effects (DUH!) the right angled plug is annoying after awhile because its RIGHT next too where you plug your guitar in and oftens get tangled with my guitar cord making it look messy. Other then that it gets the job done for when i practice & jam out with friends. overallrating 4   lineend
name Peter Padro review Bought this switch as the OEM for my son's Bronco 40 which gives you an off/preset 1/preset 2 switching set up.  Simple, light and does what its suppose to.  Not built like a tank, but better than the cheap after market versions.  Gives you lots of cable so that it is good and practical for real life gig set ups.  Cable and plug are solid, thick Fender quality components. Worth the money. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. W. Milyard review  At this time, I am using this switch on my Fender Frontman 25R to switch between the normaland drive channels. The 90 deg. jack is perfect for this (and a lot of amps),as there are no dials in this area. I have run into the 90 deg. jack problem, and the onlysolution I have found is to use a Mono to Stereo 1/4 inch gender changer, or a short monoextension cable (which is what I normally use, as the stereo jack presents added problems) as nobody makes a 1/4inch mono female to 1/4inch mono male gender changer, which I have found to be more than a little strange.This is a very old style switch that is made in China (like everything else) but works very wellfor this simple task. I have 4 on hand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sessue review Since I paid about $13 for this, I was not expecting a great deal. What I received was a decent enough floor switch for a Fender Mustang I or II. It works well as a way to switch between two user-determined presets on my Mustang II. Construction is about as good as I would normally get on a $13 item. It would be nice if the switch design allowed greater flexibility, but that's a function of the Mustsng II design overall. I'm not grading the switch on that.If you have a compatible Fender amp and can get this for less than $15, then it's a good deal. If prices go above that, best to wait it out or check the pricing of used units on the Amazon Marketplace. overallrating 4   lineend
name stefanj review This works great with the Mustang I amp.  Switches between to preset channels with just a tap of the foot.  A great addition to an already great amp.  At this price it's kinda like the amp itself-  a no brainer! overallrating 5   lineend
name Todd A. Hooper review I just bought a tweed Blues Jr. and love the amp. It's got a great tone, much better than the black one I had 3-4 yrs. ago. I just downsized from a 40 watt Blues Deluxe reissue and having compared them side by side I can say they sound very, very similar, as they have the same speaker, but the BJ is much lighter.That being said the fat switch really makes a lot of difference when taking a solo. I was actually surprised at how much it fattens up the tone, didn't do that on my last one. This pedal works great for that too, It feels very solid and it doesn't make any audible clicking noises that I can hear when engaging it. overallrating 5   lineend
name barleypopmaker review   is strictly on the aspect of a bass guitar, not regular guitar. overallrating 2   lineend
name C3p-BRO review If you're a metalhead, STAY AWAY!! I tried this on multiple metal pedals and the peavey Rogue G10 blows it out of the water. This thing sounds like CRAP with anything distortion. It's GREAT for jazzy blues and an ultra clean tone though or that classic fender crunch. But if you demand metal, get far away! overallrating 1   lineend
name J English review Should have paid the extra $40 and bought the Mustang - oh well. The amp has light sound and not much control. Good for my small space though. overallrating 3   lineend
name John D review This is a cool little amp for practicing in a small room or playing to a small group of people.It produces some nice warm tones and can get loud enough for jamming with but is good if you don't want to be too loud. It has a headphone jack also. I like this so much I might experiment with miking it for gigs, never thought I would say that about a 10 watt.Fender choose quality over bells and whistles with this one. There is an overdrive on/off button with adjustable gain, volume control and a simple treble/bass equalizer. Other then that it is all rock. Physically it is built strong too. overallrating 4   lineend
name Patrick M. Waters review For the money, this thing sounds just fine. I got it for my son to toy around with. He barely ever uses it, but the times it's been plugged in, it puts out pretty good sound for the price. overallrating 4   lineend
name P. Panehal review I recently bought this for my first electric guitar and I thoroughly enjoy it. It has a lot of power and noise behind it. It is a little starter amp, just in case the picture was a little deceiving. I cranked it up quite loud and it produces clean sound without terrible distortion. With distortion, it sounds great. It is a solid piece of work, and it makes a great practice amp and possibly a great starter amp. overallrating 5   lineend
name scott schwartz review Exactly what I needed for testing guitars and playing at home.  Same as what comes with epiphone bundles but with fender on it overallrating 5   lineend
name Terry Schoenberger review This Fender amp is the perfect size to practice or take along. It sounds great and I like the headphone and MP3 player hookups. Good value. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ann Vande Zande review Every midi usb converter on amazon below 50 bucks seemed sketchy, but I tried this one with my Casio keyboard. Works on Logic and Garageband, however whenever I try to use modulation or pitch bend, it creates a actual note on my Mac and won't stop unless you quit the program. Be wary. overallrating 4   lineend
name Black Keys review Great price but unfortunately this product didn't work for me. Fortunately I had no problem returning it for a full refund so overall I'm happy with the results. overallrating 2   lineend
name Brian Mark review This works in some applications, but doesn't work in many others. Even when detected by the software, it will not work with Line 6 equipment. Too bad, because it would have been convenient to program my effects with my laptop instead of my desktop. overallrating 2   lineend
name Christopher Graham review I tried with with my Macbook Pro with both Mountain Lion and Mavericks. Also with my Win7 x64 machine. I tried it with a variety of MIDI capable gear including trying to update firmware on FX hardware, sending and receiving MIDI PC and MIDI CC, as well as transmitting MIDI Clock in and out. I simply couldn't get this to work most of the time. Active Sense used on most Roland products seems to kill it completely.In contrast I purchased the -MU's Xmidi 1x1 Tab and it works flawlessly and without issue every time I use it.I should have totally returned this product. Instead it's in a landfill. overallrating 1   lineend
name Dave review I bought one of these a couple of years ago. I used it to connect my Behringer BCR2000 (in MIDI mode, naturally!) to my computer for mixing duties in REAPER. It worked with no issues and I had zero complaints.A few weeks ago it stopped working (I had bent the USB connector and so I thought that was the culprit) so I bought another.The replacement arrived and installed with no issues, but I'm still having trouble getting it to send MIDI data into the computer. MIDI out of the computer to the Behringer is fine. I'm not sure if this is due to the adapter or some funky Windows update that's happened lately, but it's certainly not ideal! :(In my haste, having seen it install OK but without trying to actually use it, I discarded the packaging. Unfortunately the replacement is displaying the same symptoms as the first unit, so now it looks like I'm stuck with two possibly-broken USB / MIDI interfaces. I have reinstalled Windows, tried both with another computer, uninstalled and reinstalled the drivers, all kinds of good stuff and I still can't get either of them to send MIDI data into the computer. I was v-e-r-y close to throwing my Behringer unit away as I thought it was broken too!Thankfully I tried an old Yamaha interface and it is OK. This means I just need to get and buy some MIDI cables and I'll be back in business.So, I'd say buy one of these, and make sure it works before you throw your packaging away! When they work they're absolutely great and they're SO cheap! If you receive a lemon, return it and order another. It's worth it if you're not in a hurry. If you  are  in  a hurry then order a few of them, or just get something else.I'd also like to advise people that reports of MIDI latency with these devices is quite probably a misnomer. I strongly suspect that the speed of transferring MIDI data into your computer through this device is much faster than you think, and the actual latency you're experiencing is that of converting your MIDI data into audio. This happens inside your computer and has   nothing   to do with this device's performance; it's purely down to your hardware and software configurations. All this talk of ASIO is only really going to help you on the audio side of things. If you're using this device to record MIDI data then you should have no issues at all... as long as you get one that works! :-)Cheers. overallrating 3   lineend
name Gail review The cable came in the time it was promised. It worked immediately upon installing it on my Yamaha keyboard to my windows7 computer. My music program had no problem detecting it and using it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jake review When I plugged this into my computer and keyboard, it said one MIDI device detected, but I was not getting sounds from my piano onto my computer. I simple took the MIDI in and the MIDI out and switched them, and the problem was instantly solved. If your MIDI is not working right, try what I did, switching the cables to the opposite side. Sounds ridiculous, but it might save you a bit of time. :D overallrating 5   lineend
name Jason Maitlen review I was able to connect it to my PC. There was a horrible delay between the keyboard and the PC, but once I installed better midi software (CoolSoft VirtualMIDISynth) and turned down the delay, it's nearly realtime. I had problems getting it to work on my iMac. It recognized the device's presence, but it didn't produce any sound on the computer. overallrating 3   lineend
name Joyfulsinger review I am very pleased with the product.  It has performed better than I had expected.  I recommend it highly.  I shall probably order more from this company in the future. overallrating 5   lineend
name Marc LaBelle review  Doesn't wotk with V-Amp 3.  Doubt it works at all.  Red light always stays on and I've never seen the green light. overallrating 1   lineend
name Peter Dillmann review I don't know how this will work with other MIDI instruments but I tried it with the Roland TD9 drums and although it does transmit the data, the drum map is totally off. The respective triggers (hihat, hihat pedal, etc) are translated into all sorts of wrong information and while you can manually compensate for some of it on the PC end of it, it was just a freaking hassle. I needed this to be more flexible and able to record directly to my Notebook (which doesn't have a MIDI input) but I gave up in the end and went with my desktop PC and its MIDI interface. overallrating 2   lineend
name P. Hublein review It works perfect with Cakewalk Music creator 5 and a Digitech vocalist. Best price out there. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sphinx90 review I've been using this for a year to home record through midi and its a great buy. This was so much less expensive than a lot of other ones but it works just fine. No regrets on the buy at all. overallrating 5   lineend
name Steinbeckian review My advice- spend more and get something that will work with all applications.  Cheap midi may get you there, but if not you have to buy another.  Yep, always the gamble. overallrating 2   lineend
name tekHedd review  Cheap, works great for playing and foot controllers. Will not handle bulk dumps, so I have to use a different interface for programming and backups. overallrating 5   lineend
name timhief review My puppy destroyed my name brand midi cable.  I bought this to fill the gap until I could by another name brand but since it works so reliably I'll saving my money for other things.  If the puppy murders this one I'll order up another one just like this. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cali gadget guy review  er said this guitar is hard to put down.  I put a Baggs I-Beam pickup in it also.  Easy installation and nice natural sound.  It is nice as it does not have a big EQ cut into the side of the body. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris30542 review I've been playing guitar for 40 years. This was my 1st decent classical guitar. I own a Gibson Hummingbird and an Alvarez acoustic as well as electrics by most major manufacturers. I like the fact that it has a truss rod which I've already adjusted to improve the action. The tone is very rich for such an inexpensive guitar. The finish is pretty and I like the solid cedar top. It records very well and sounds as good as more expensive models. The case is nice as well. So far I've had no problems. I bought new strings but haven't replaced them yet. The old strings are very worn but the guitar still sounds loud and &#34;alive&#34;. I'm sure new strings will also improve the already wonderful sound. overallrating 5   lineend
name GregoryEEEE review Just starting out (again) playing guitar and ordered up this Classical. From the moment I took it out of the box I was impressed. The finish was really nice and the sound is awesome. Seems to stay in tune pretty well too. For under $300 you can't go wrong :-) overallrating 5   lineend
name Gridley review This is the first guitar I've bought without playing it first, so I was apprehensive. But it's a fine guitar. It's plain to look at - no decoration or embellishments, but the sound is rich and full, as if it were at least ten years old. I like the nut width and the action is perfect for my playing. The tuners are geared low, which allows precise tuning. It came with Savarez strings - not the best I've used, but good. And I was pleasantly surprised with the gig bag. It's strong and durable, and well designed. All in all, I doubt I could have found a better quality product for such a low price. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Andrews review  We went to the local GC to try out different guitars, mostly blind to the price, just looking to see what we liked best.  After a couple of hours, we found ourselves repeatedly coming back to the Cordoba C5.  It has a nice resonant sound, good playability, and very attractive finish.  The room we were in at GC had classical guitars up to $1200 and we really didn't find a guitar we liked better.  We had a $50 coupon, so we bought it from GC, but afterwards took it to our local music shop to have their tech look it over for us.  He was also very impressed, especially with the fact that unlike most classicals, this one has a truss rod adjustment.  It required only some minor adjustments and not a complete setup. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pushpin review I snagged this beauty during a holiday sale here on Amazon and this baby is wonderful for the price. I previously had theLucero LC100 Classical Guitar Black (Black)which I was completely happy with as a beginner. When it got damaged beyond repair, I looked into theCordoba Dolce 7/8 Size Classical Guitarwhich was absolutely wonderful but I decided I didn't really like the size, so after liking the Cordoba brand I decided on the C5.It is absolutely a wonderful guitar at this price range. The Lucero was great for my level and it was decent enough to look at but the C5 has a vibrancy and deep tone to it that I was surprised to hear from a budget guitar. While it isn't it the prettiest guitar out there, it's by no means ugly. Even though mass produced a lot of quality is still apparent in this guitar.The smell of this guitar is also amazing. It doesn't have the cheap wood glue smell of other low-end guitars, but a nice rich smell of wood. Even after a few months, kept in a humicase, the sound is great and that fresh wood smell is still present.All praise aside, it is not a flawless guitar. My main complaint would be that the action is really high but this is something that is pretty common with new guitars, especially those at a lower price range. Not necessarily a flaw but something to be aware of: being a cedar guitar, the wood is very soft so I recommend wear soft clothing without buttons or zippers on it while playing because these will leave small dents on the back of the guitar.I do enjoy the padded gig bag and thought that it was a nice touch to the package. It is a high-quality gig bag with lots of padding. Inside the bag is a velcro neck rest with a strap to keep the guitar in place. It also has a large front packet that is large enough for a few music books. When I ordered this guitar from Amazon, the guitar shipped inside the gig bag and inside of a big box. I had no issues with shipping and the guitar arrived safely.Overall, I do not regret this purchase and once I take it in for a setup to get the action lowered, it will be a superb guitar that I will enjoy for years. Highly recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Hill review  The picks we received were \"Legacy\" and not \"Alice\" brand. While not as pictured, these are good enough for us as we (my daughert, son, and me) learn to play guitars. The mix of different thicknesses was fairly even, so we were able to select the one that felt \"right\" for each of us.The pearliod looks good and overall am happy with these picks.CFH overallrating 3   lineend
name Elizabeth Collins review Wow, is what my teenage son said when he opened this on Christmas morning.  He loved the variety & number of picks! overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Miller review  This was a terrific deal.My son loses picks all over the house and plays electric and acoustic, so I decided to get this mixed batch and he says they are great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Roy Aaroen Sr review I've been using these picks for eight months and they last forever. I lose them before they wear out. I'll be buying and recommending these for a long time. overallrating 5   lineend
name someguy2011 review These picks come in a large range of sizes, but most of them are way too thick to play any guitar with.There is a really funny smell to these when you first use them that gets on your fingers, but it goes away after a bit.They seem to be decent quality. The thin picks have not torn on me yet and the medium gauge picks dont wear down too quickly.These are ok to have around the house to play with but I would not recommend them for live performance. overallrating 3   lineend
name Teresa Halbert review  This was a great purchase.  A bagful of pretty picks to help my son with his new guitar.  Good thing there were so many in the bag because he seems to keep losing them.  Great price and purchase. overallrating 4   lineend
name Adam H review Made of leather or high-quality pleather, so it seems built-to-last. I use it on my Seagull and it totally works great. I would definitely recommend, but it's kind of expensive for what it is. overallrating 5   lineend
name Beach Panda review very smart & handy design that my acoustic guitar doesn't have to be drilled a hole for.  it's very easy to buckle the guitar strap on the neck & its botton button of the guitar, that is! overallrating 5   lineend
name CaptainButts review I may have misunderstood the product description but I prefer the string tied to the end of my acoustic over this. My issue is that it makes my guitar really high up when I play in a standing position and there is no way to adjust the strap the make it longer. If you play sitting down a lot then this would probably work for you. Don't get me wrong, there was nothing wrong with the product itself; it just wasn't what I thought. overallrating 2   lineend
name Chandler review Nothing special here. If you don't like doing the shoelace thing with your acoustic guitar strap, and you don't want to bore a hole in the heel, then this is a nice compromise. There are slits on both ends of the leather, which means you can reverse the button if you don't want the logo on the front of the guitar neck/headstock. You could even flip it inside-out and have the soft leather side exposed. I subtracted a star because I think the button should be made out of metal instead of plastic. overallrating 4   lineend
name C. L. Wheeler review  Purchased it to use on a 00-28 slotted headstock Martin and it just didn't fit well for me. Also found it extremely difficult to attach and remove. A string style worked a lot better, was a lot easier to attach and remove, and provided a lot more options for where it good be placed. overallrating 2   lineend
name Debra Merrill Mccullar review  I bought this for my Sigma DMC-15E, it allows my guitar to hang better than the lasso type headstock straps and looks much better, they leather is very high quality and is very supple. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dennis review  For those Martins and Sigmas, as well as, other guitars without a neck brace button, this is the secure way to connect your strap. Forget the leather shoe-string clipping that comes with some straps, this is secure and won't ever end up with loose ends on the first fret. Nothing to tie or untie, a quick button connection is all that's needed. Just make sure your choice of strap is long enough since the distance to the neck is greater than the guitar body. Doesn't improve functionality but, the matching logo is a nice touch for Martin and Sigma guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Eguia review  I have a Martin D35 acoustic and strapping it with the string knot around the neck is honestly a bit annoying to do - so i figure what's a $10 investment going to do for me?make things easier and CLEANER LOOKING - that's what!i like it because it really just makes puting the strap on the guitar that much easier and removing it again an easy task.I bought the martin strap to match the color.Martin 18AMS2 Martin Leather Guitar Strap - Brownjust being a martin brand nut i suppose! overallrating 5   lineend
name Jerome Vencalek review Am totally pleased that I did not have to drill my guitar to use a strap on it ! Works great,get one!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Joehorse review The connection strap is a great enhancement for my D18 and fits wonderfully. Just one caution...I noticed a couple of scratches on the neck near the Headstock and finally determined that the \"Button\" was pressing on the neck when in the case.(I have occasion to pack and unpack several times per month)  It's easy to connect and disconnect so that's the \"Prevention Mode\" I now have in place. Wonderful set-up and I highly recommend it to to ALL Martin Owners! overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Poehner review Why didn't I think of this? Is what it is and does what it says its does. From Martin, nuff said! overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Rodino review This was a bit hard to install; over or under the strings? We tried both. Over the strings, it would slide below the nut, which isn't good. Under the strings, and it muffled a few. So we kind of WOVE it, above some and under others. Other than that, it works fine, holds the strap with no problems. And it puts the name &#34;Martin&#34; on the lowliest box guitar ;). In hindsight, I'd have probably just got a strap button and mounted it to the base of the neck. But if you don't want to do that, and hate the &#34;lace&#34; approach, this will do the trick. It may even fit better on different guitars, ours is a 50 year-old Norma (that actually sound AMAZING considering its origins; guess old wood just SOUNDS better). And the price is VERY right to be able to claim you own &#34;A&#34; Martin, lol. overallrating 4   lineend
name Larry G. Kent review  This beats using a adhoc string going around the headstock on my Martin. I've heard horror stories about these devices coming loose and the guitars going head first into the floor! Strings might look tacky but they'll stay on there if tied properly!Just make sure the button portion is thru the hole in your strap SECURELY, then pulled it snugly so it won't pull out. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul 1946 review  This is a vey simple fix to a constant problem with guitar straps and where to connect the strap to your guitar.  It goes on in a jiffy and the over the neck strap connects easily.  It is a great idea and worth the cost.  I hate having to drill a hole in my guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Picky review This is what I have been looking for for my accoustic guitar.  Makes my life easier when I pack up and set up the equipment. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. W. Milyard review  I like to attach ALL of my guitars by the neck/headstock instead of using thetop button, and have just used the typical shoestring in the past, but no more.Once you get this baby on the strap, it is not going anywhere.I have a few of these installed on guitars (and one bass) I play a lot.They (obviously) give a lot more support than a string, and will not dig in tothe finish as a string might.Give it a try, you just may like the way the guitar sits, as you don't get the neckdrop that comes with just attaching to the body of the guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name trishlink review Just what I needed...easy to attach and saved drilling a hole for my guitar strap. Works like a charm!I recommend this product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Alfredo review This audio adapter works perfectly.  Why spend any more than you have to to get rich sounding audio.  I'm able to use headphones and listen to a song while a different song is playing through the main speakers. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrew Walker review I used this to create a custom sound card on my macbook pro when using Traktor Scratch Pro.  Did not end up doing what I needed with it, which was to be able to preview (there is a new toy on the market for that now) but it was good for adding additional channels to my limited macbook pro sound card.Good in a pinch! overallrating 3   lineend
name Danny Yu review I primarily use this as an usb adapter for my headphones, so that I can connect/convert the 3.5mm headphone jack into my pc.The audio adapter is well built. It has a yellow LED light that is solid when plugged into an usb port and blinks when there is a device that is connected to it through a 3.5mm jack.Installation was flawless. Windows 7 64 bit installed drivers immediately.No issues. No nonsense. Simply works! overallrating 5   lineend
name DM review  its working great, but it does not work in stereo. It is a mono adapter, the stereo adapters are a little more expensive. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ed Figueroa review Great quality. I bought this at the same time as another 7.1 HD USB sound card, but that one break. This one has lasted. My only complaint is that even with the sound all the way down to 1, it is still fairly loud and I end up turning down the volume in whatever app I'm using. overallrating 4   lineend
name G. L. Beebe review Works well with my PC notebook and my MacBook Pro.  Sounds good.  Amazing for the price.  Good buy. Can'd go wrong. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jason Lewis review This product has a mono-microphone input and a stereo headphone output.  It is meant for connecting a headset to a USB port.  Since the headset has a mono-microphone, this adapter works great.  The drivers automatically install on microsoft operating systems.  This product is great for using a soft-phone or other communications program.  The windows systems remembers volume settings each time it is connected.  I imagine that you could use something other than a headset with this, but it was mainly built for a headset.  Works seemless and great with a headset. overallrating 5   lineend
name Meganicus review For Macs but fyi it goes out after 45mn and just need to be unplugged and back in. Not a big deal. overallrating 3   lineend
name Michael Livote review  I got this to use on an old Mac computer to allow me to use some equipment that needed more than a line level output. It works great for that. Haven't used it for anything else, though, so cant comment there. Seems sturdy and well made as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name M. Wilhelm review The audio jack on my laptop was failing.  I had to wiggle and twist the headphone plug until I could hear both channels.  By that time half the youtube video was over.  What a hassle!  I'm trying to imagine how can I crack the case, get in there with my soldering gun to replace the audio jack when I ran across this great idea.  A plug-and-play USB device with both input and output audio jacks.  Took about one minute to install on my Dell Inspiron, which recognized it immediately.  Problem solved quickly and elegantly.Shipping was free and prompt from the Amazon partner.  Good job, Platinum Micro, Inc.I understand the input jack is mono so don't try to use this as a quasi recording studio.  And consider the availability and accessibility of your USB ports.  Then, order this great little solution to a big problem. overallrating 5   lineend
name Boba Chux review  I've owned just about every muff.  No Triangle or Civil War.  But this is my favorite muff thus far.  Way more versatile than any other muff.  The switches involment in the the circuit really isn't too elaborate, but then again all bypasses aren't.  I love wicker on and tone off.  Cuts like a buffalo.  I hate to have a bunch of fuzz's and distortions in my chain, but its there right next to a Keeley Fuzz Head, a Analogman Peppermint Fuzz, and a TS-9 modded to an 808 w/ Brown that I modded myself.  I love this Muff!  I can't wait to see what they do next.  Plus...  These new EHX pedals are build tough as nails and full true bypass.  If you like muffs, you'll really like this one.  If you didn't like muffs before, you'll probably like the wicker feature, it makes it far more clear and pronounced and less of a glob a goo and more distortion/ fuzz friendly.  I give it four stars, because the five is only meant meant for devices that you just freak out and half to have, for me the Keeley Fuzz Head is a five, I love that thing. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ecadad review This pedal is awesome. I use it the most of all my pedals, because it's pretty much perfect. I can get 4 completely different sounds out of it. It's also true-bypass, so it will not effect your tone when it is off. It's much smaller than the big muff pi, which is good because it takes less room on your pedalboard. Just to let you all know, this is NOT an overdrive or distortion pedal. It is a fuzz pedal. So don't buy it expecting overdrive. Also, when it's turned on you will hear a hum, but the web says that it has to do with flourescent lights, and muff pedals hum alot. None of that makes me dislike the pedal. It's one of the hest fuzz pedals ever. I use it in front of a wah, and that's all I'll ever need to use pedal-wise. Get this pedal!!!!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Ian M. Mcclintock review As a disclaimer, I am not a Big Muff connoisseur.  I've never owned one before this.  I also tend not to like fuzz as an effect.  I'd characterize this box as a cross between distortion and fuzz, maintaining enough definition for chord work.  If you're reading the reviews, you've probably already done your research on the features, but I'll cover them anyway.Three simple controls, Volume - Tone - Sustain, with the Sustain control being more or less a Gain control.  The enclosure is a smaller, pedalboard-friendly size.  The pedal incorporates two of the (supposedly) most popular Big Muff mods with switches, Tone and Wicker.  When Tone is switched off, the Tone control and its tone-shaping circuitry are completely disconnected.  In this mode, the distortion applies to the entire tonal spectrum evenly, and it also produces a significant volume boost.  The Tone knob does nothing.When Wicker is switched on, it removes three high-frequency rolloff filters that were added to the original Big Muff circuit to smooth out the sound.  Disconnecting these makes the sound a bit raspier and rougher, with a high-end frequency boost.I use this pedal running into a mild overdrive, the Catalinbread Dirty Little Secret, which \"conditions\" the signal.  I play with the Tone off and Wicker on, and even with the Volume and Sustain controls set fairly low, this combination results in a wonderfully thick, massive distorted tone that is still pretty smooth.If you're looking to get a Big Muff, and you're not a snob about which version, the switchable mods on this one are really great for experimenting to find your own sound.  Not to mention that, at this price point, it will be much cheaper than some vintage Muffs.  Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Markcm review  My Big muff PI with Wicker had hellacious noise, I mean unusable. I noticed it would change with movement so I pulled the back off and immediately found paint overspray where the grounding spring from the circuit board meets the inside of the housing. After aggressively scraping the paint off, the pedal operates as I would expect it to.I really like the tone and aggressive drive of the big muff and the Tone and wicker switches are nice although I find that with the Wicker opened up/ON the noise level gets marginally too high; so long as you're playing hard and loud it's not really an issue. This pedal isn't designed to be quiet when you're not playing so don't be fooled there, it is normal for it to make some noise when there's not guitar input/strumming. The bypass on the other hand seems to be clean as advertised.I'll be keeping the pedal and like it but the lack of QA from my proudly made in America fuzz pedal was a bit of a let down; fortunately I found the problem and fixed it myself to avoid a return. overallrating 4   lineend
name Walter NYC review First things first, this is a fuzz pedal (and on the heavy side) which mean it provides thick ground shaking distortion and sustain.  This is very different from normal distortion so noise is to be expected whether you are playing or not.Second, a true bypass switch (like in the Big Muff)is a mechanical switch as opposed to Boss type pedals that have buffers which color your sound even when they are off.  Mechanical switches make noise are are louder the more durable they are.Ok so now to the actual sound which is amazing.  This pedal has a tone of versatility because not only do you have a lot of options on the pedal itself but it reacts dynamically to the knobs on your guitar.  Since I play a Les Paul with 57 classics I will often turn the volume down to 8 when using this otherwise the bass can be overwhelming (but awesome). Strat and Tele players probably wont have the same issue with single coils.  In addition the Wicker and Tone features all for more sounds that just the original Big Muff or you can just turn them off to get the original sound.Great for: Black Keys (they use a big muff), Weezer (think My Name is Jonas), certain Greenday songs, and basically anything where you need thick and deep fuzz with the option to tone it down if need be. overallrating 5   lineend
name Carlo review the mat is only a few $ neoprene (kind of) mat, the neck holder thing is inserted in the tube that contain the mat... TAKE IT OUT very very carefully, I was only careful and the base of the neck holder broke a bit...In my opinion this thing if priced $15 or $20 less will be what it really worth on the market.P.S.The Wise Man Say:Do yourself a favor, use a long pillow over your desk to tune up/intonate your Strat or Tele and use this $$ to buy good strings! :D overallrating 3   lineend
name Daniel G. Lebryk review It works! This guitar support couldn't be simpler. The neck rest is a molded plastic cup with that soft spongy material inside the neck support. The mat is a thick light weight foam mat (a bit like a yoga mat) with a hole cut in it. The neck support cup goes through that hole. That's it for set up. The mat protects the guitar body. The support cup holds the guitar at exactly the right angle to work on it, change strings, adjust the truss rod, work on the pickups, or clean the guitar. The guitar can be placed in strings up or down.This wouldn't be a difficult DIY project, but I'd be missing out on that cool Fender logo if I made this out of wood and a yoga mat. Honestly, this looks really sharp put together.The whole thing comes packaged in a clear plastic tube. That tube is an excellent storage tube. overallrating 5   lineend
name Databoss review This simple tool helps protect my guitar from scratches when I'm changing strings, or just cleaning it up.  It's a foam cushion with a neck supporter.  It rolls up together into a small and convenient plastic tube for storage.  Well worth it. overallrating 4   lineend
name D. Jones review  s.Well, I cannot speak for the Dunlop but I can say that this kit is light weight, self-contained, has storage space in it, and it works if the guitar is face-up or face down.It also has pad to keep your guitar from sliding - and the pad keeps the neck rest in place so it does not topple over!  I do not see anything like that mentioned in the Dunlop NC65.On top of it, I think the neck rest & pad inGuitar Setup & Maintenance - Instructional Guitar DVD With Denny Rauenis this one turned over so the \"Fender\" logo is not showing... overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeffrey review This product makes changing strings on a guitar easy; a must for anyone with any type guitar. It is basically the same thing sold or made all the major brands of guitars. It holds the guitar secure while changing strings or making adjustments. It also is easy to store when finished. overallrating 5   lineend
name LJS review Yes this product is simple and expensive enough to raise some eyebrows. But this tool is very well designed. It keeps the guitar from sliding and positions it at a nice angle for maintenance. In storage mode, the mat rolls up into the clear plastic tube and takes up very little space. The bottom cover doubles as a storage compartment for your hex wrenches, string winder, and feeler guages.But the real reason I give this product five stars is because it allows me to work on my guitars while keeping them in perfect condition. That increases their resale value, so the tool pays for itself. And it gives me a lot of pleasure to have the right tools for the job. With the right tools, I enjoy working on my guitars almost as much as playing them. While I hear what those complaining of the high cost are saying, I am used to paying higher prices for good tools and I think this qualifies as a good tool. I used it to put new pickups in and setup my Squier Stratocaster last night without damaging my guitar. Without this tool, I don't think I would have been so lucky. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr. Kipp M. Webb review  If you own a guitar and just use this to change your strings it will be worth the investment. It protects your guitar from getting banged up and nicked up. Supports the neck and guitar body perfectly to perform work on the guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name RelevantC review This is a must have! Really! It is pack very well, and I use it everyday!Please get one of these if you are tried of paying someone to do your guitar setup. overallrating 5   lineend
name scott schwartz review Long wait for overpriced item.  Arrived on time but there was a 3 week wait. Overpriced but was expected as Fender name on product.. overallrating 3   lineend
name cassandra tu review  Not much to day, it's a polishing cloth, it cleans your guitar, and it does it right. Good price too, nothing to complain about. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chuck review Yup, it's O.K.  Nothing special.  I don't know if it's the best one out there but it does the job. overallrating 3   lineend
name desrtroz review Purchased this for my son to use on his guitars.  He absolutely loves it. Has been wanting a cloth like this for his guitars.  Prompt shipping, great price, great product. overallrating 5   lineend
name DMGenest | review  . For the future I am not so sureabout me. Thank you, and say, 'Goodnight', Gracie......Note About Vendor: GO-DPS responded admirably when my cloth did not show up on time. It was 4 dayspast the delivery date. I e-mailed them. They responded quickly and then put another cloth in the mail tome that came in an appropriate amount of time. For such an inexpensive item they went the distance incustomer service. I will use them again in the future. overallrating 4   lineend
name Grizz review  Nic epiece of cloth to wipe my strings and it looks cool with fender on it. happy buyer Thank you very much overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Jackson review Nothing exciting about these things, but they do the job well. I polished my 1991 Gibson Les Paul with this recently and I'd forgotten how shiny and beautiful that guitar was. Does a great job. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tachyon review Great polishing cloth. Not much to say here other than it works and works well. Removes all the fingerprints and polishes my baby up like new after each practice or gig. Can't go wrong. overallrating 5   lineend
name Flaherty review My kids were excited to split this pack of picks. Since there were two of each in the pack, they didn't have to argue over who got which pick. These are very unique and a nice way to personalize your playing. I think these would make a great gift for a grandparent or parent who played guitar in the 60's and 70's. overallrating 5   lineend
name J review  I like those guitar picks and their colors, they are well designed and useful, it comes with different shapes and colors, that makes them easy to locate if you lose them on the floor or anywhere overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard review  the reason I bought them is I only needed a few, I live in BFE and there is no real place to buy any on my drive home from work, so I got these and delivered to my doorstep,, all is well with the world overallrating 5   lineend
name Sean Serritella review The guitar picks were exactly what I was looking for. I like hard picks and these were the ones I needed. overallrating 5   lineend
name The Kid review These picks have proven their worth when I thrash them on my strings in an epic guitar solo or extreme metal I find myself playing all too often. Great picks, would buy 'em again.Bottom line:These guitar picks are outstanding. overallrating 5   lineend
name Aaron haszard review They have no grip at all they brake and ware out in a hour or so of hard playing there just junk for newbie that don`t know any beter but hey what do you expect they are made by D Addario get some real picks like Dunlop Tortex overallrating 1   lineend
name Abigail Ferreira review Always looking for reasonable pricing.  The picks were as good as advertised online, it met our expectations and pricing was good. overallrating 5   lineend
name Austin Garcia review  These are very nice looking guitar picks. I've used these and don't have any problem with them.Thanks, Austin Garcia overallrating 5   lineend
name Barbara Embry review This package of picks is of good colors and good weight. They seem to be easier to hold and pick without being to stiff. overallrating 5   lineend
name bayou bob review these are well made...good enough to give to buddies and have a few in every guitar case i own..will purchase again..enjoy overallrating 4   lineend
name BelleBelle review 10 picks medium which came in a clearly marked pack from the company. Cheaper than going into town and mailed directly to me. Good deal. Will order again! overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Hersey review  I'm not one to use picks much so when I do I prefer a light pick. I will be handing some of these to fellow guitar players because 25 will last a very long time. It is fun to share :-) For those needing a light pick go for these. Recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bilbo review These work fine; no cracking, they come in a nice assortment of colors, and they're easy to see when they get dropped. overallrating 5   lineend
name Blinky Morgan review I think picks are like, well you know, a personal choice, I bought these cause they are simple, inexpensive and will compare to others I have. Been using these lately. Would buy again. overallrating 4   lineend
name CaptAdams35 review What else can be said about them, they're good picks. They strum well, they pick well and they look good overallrating 5   lineend
name Cesar Augusto Soto Caballero review Good price for an pack of pickups. Any guitarist need a pack of these because its not too heavy and very durable. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles Grall review  These are good picks and produce a great tone.  They're better than most picks at sticking to my sweaty fingers. overallrating 5   lineend
name chris araza review i bought 10 pack of this and i'm still using one so far and is still good. nice quality and good price too. overallrating 4   lineend
name Chris M. review I purchased the l0 pack picks for my son who just started playing the guitar.  As in all beginners they want the best and he loves the color and design. overallrating 4   lineend
name Coder10 review  this picks are great for hard rock since they are heavey but not that heavy for solos. I play a lot of metallica songs with it an they are great. overallrating 4   lineend
name C. Zemer review I purchased these along with a new guitar for my daughter as a present. So far, so good. You can't beat the price. Thanks. overallrating 5   lineend
name David review I have played guitar for about 12 years and these picks are now my favorite picks ever. I can't really explain why, they just feel right. Sometimes they break, but what pick light pick doesn't unless it's nylon? overallrating 5   lineend
name delighted review The picks are very comfortable and seem that they will last well.  I have not had them very long but seem to do well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Deyvyd review 100 picks for 20 dolares? Hell yeah! I'm really happy with my new picks! It's really cheap and the quality is good! overallrating 5   lineend
name EMIL D RUIAN review Not an expert at string picking by any means, but they do what I need them to do just fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name Eric Leberg review I reshape my own pics on my grinder, and use nothing but heavy picks,  There are just guitar picks.  They are what you order.  I fix mine up by adding stair tread floor stuff, so they don't slip out of my hand. overallrating 5   lineend
name guillajp review great product for the price, I mean they are guitar picks and medium picks at that.  Nice gloss finish and the designs on them is pretty cool overallrating 5   lineend
name Heather McRae review These guitar picks are just the right thickness and stiffness for comfortable playing.  The colors are nice as well.  I would recommend these. overallrating 5   lineend
name idjut review Guitar pics, what more can I say.  Nice feel and look.  Never can have enough because they seem to be prone to theft! :) overallrating 5   lineend
name James review They do what they are meant to do. No complaint for the price and they have a pretty dang cool lookin design to them. overallrating 5   lineend
name James Limborg review  I like the Jim Dunlop .60mm pitch black guitar picks best.  If you want your electric guitar to sound like Eddie Van Halen, Joe Satriani and other guitarists studio album guitar sound, then get a BOSS GT-10 (guitar multi effects processor) and install BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  Search Google for BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg. overallrating 2   lineend
name Jerry S. Johnson review Excellent guitar picks of medium hardness.  Picks come in multiple colors that fit your fingers perfectly.  If you are a beginner or just play infrequently why pay more? overallrating 5   lineend
name j flavors review I bought these (light)picks because of the price. They work good if your strumming some light rhythms, but they tend to be weak and break if your strumming a fast song. I guess that's to be expected for a light pick. overallrating 5   lineend
name jimmpannzee review Love the colors and the price can't be beat. Wished maybe they came in yellow? Other than that, great picks. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe Labruna review These picks have served me very well. I am happy with the quality of all of them. I would purchase additional Planet Waves Assorted Pearl Celluloid Guitar Picks overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Perry review  It is all preference. I prefer the cactus picks. These slide around in my finger to much right now. To each his own. overallrating 3   lineend
name Lets.Be.Reasonable. review These are high quality picks. Medium is my personal choice & they did not disappoint me. Will buy this brand again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Linda Noullet review I have a few different brands of picks at home right now and these Planet Wave Picks are much nicer than the others. They are clean cut, smooth finish. Nice texture and looking. I reach for these first.Would and will buy again and recommend! overallrating 5   lineend
name Linda S. Frederickson review They are good quality guitar picks, and I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for some guitar picks. overallrating 5   lineend
name loumann review Hey it's a pick, it's 10 to a bag....I lost one already so now I have 9.  I my world that's good stuff. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark review Good medium picks, decent feel and sound.  Would recommend for practice picks, pretty decent on noodling.  Girlfriend likes the colors. hahaha overallrating 5   lineend
name Mason K review These picks were a good deal. They are pretty cool looking and I will be able to use them for a long time. They are durable and they were a better deal than many other picks. overallrating 5   lineend
name Melissa review They're my favorite picks and I always buy the medium ones! I'm sure other picks works just fine, but these are always my preference. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Broshar review Very nice guitar picks for the very fair price.  I like them very much.  Of course I am just a beginner. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael Livote review  I've probably used every type of pick out there at this point in my life, and find that Planet Waves makes a good one at a fair price. Picks will always be a subjective thing, every user has his/her own preference, so trying out as many as you can can benefit you in the end. These are well made, last quite awhile, and they don't even look bad, try them out, you might just like them :-) overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Brown review These picks were a filler item for a much larger order.  I can always use guitar picks, however these are very pleasing to the eye and have a good quality feel. overallrating 5   lineend
name MysticJaguar review Our teenager really likes these.  As a beginner guitar player he likes the variety and was able to find out what types of picks he prefers.  Have not broken one yet. overallrating 4   lineend
name Pat review These are high quality thick guitar picks. The colors are great. Unfortunately I would have expected a little better packaging. I know the company is trying to save money, but having them in a tiny plastic bag and tapped to a piece of paper in the envelope was a little less exciting to receive. Almost didn't know what it was because of this. Just seemed like a bunch of advertisements and mail. overallrating 4   lineend
name Quaestor review  I'm new to the guitar and I'm just discovering how to use picks and what picks work best (for me) with different guitars and different effects. I like these for my acoustic Ibanez dreadnaught. The pick seems to help me get that deep bluesy sound from the D'addario strings. They are comfortable and I like the feel in my hand. The mediums suit me. Maybe it is all personal taste but I think they are worth buying. Amazon pricing is great. The picks feel great and I'm having a good time. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rahaf review  Not bad for the price they have it for. Multi color and easy to use. Durable pick, would recomened for you to buy it overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Beckmeyer review  very nice guitar pics, sound almost as nice as metal guitar pics, very lovely, size was as expected, great sound overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Caldwell review I bought these guitar picks for my son. He really likes them a lot. I would definitely buy them again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Review Man review  I've been playing for over 30 years and these are perfectly fine guitar picks.  Not special but not disappointing either.  As long as your hands don't sweat a lot you'll be fine with these.But a real \"assorted\" pack of picks should be more than just assorted colors.  A real useful assortment would be a pack with different thicknesses.  I like to experiment with different types of picks.  These \"assorted\" picks are really all the same, just different colors. overallrating 4   lineend
name santos review ok i don't have much to say, just i love it because its cheap nice and i don't know i just feel happy to buy this product overallrating 5   lineend
name Sean Serritella review My mother has a habit of stealing my picks so I always order from them. They always give me good picks to use. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sheena Archambault review I bought these for my music class. The teens really liked the colors to choose from, and I like the price! overallrating 5   lineend
name sir helps alot review I honestly don't know alot about guitar picks but they seem to get the job done no problems here I have been using the same one since I got them and have not broke it yet lol overallrating 5   lineend
name Skyeye review Great picks!  Nice flexibility and easy playing no matter what your style.I would recommend these for any guitar player! overallrating 5   lineend
name Tatiana Montenegro review Not much to say here. I have a bad habit of putting picks in my mouth and chewing on them, effectively destroying them, but with these, I don't know what they've done and put on the surface of these things, but it is gross. Haha, it killed my bad habit of chewing on picks. overallrating 4   lineend
name The SARGE! review  I bought these to fill the Dunlop 5005 Pick Holder that I also purchasd.  Nice selection...and the price was right. overallrating 5   lineend
name ReplacerReviewer review  These feel very good but they wear off quite quickly, so not pick taping and easy with the struming. Also watch it if your alternate picking is with the pick almost at vertical. overallrating 3   lineend
name wapialo review received them in four days....just in time for my first lesson....Can't say much more than that because I am just beginning lessons and don't really know what to look for yet.... overallrating 5   lineend
name Y. Xu review I like the quality of the picks. Not too hard or soft and quite fit to my play style. Thanks! overallrating 5   lineend
name Craig Brubaker review  Guitar picks. What can I say? I bought these along with my first guitar, so its not like I have a preference. But they come in a pack of 10 so there are plenty of spares when you lose them, and you will. Definitely good enough to start with until you gain enough experience to know the difference between all the many kinds of picks. overallrating 4   lineend
name Darren review I once bought a guitar case that came with a variety pack (from light to heavy) of Planet Waves picks. Since then, I've used nothing else.I've found that the light picks, (.50mm) are perfect for me. These obviously don't last as long as thicker picks, (but still last a very long time), and they suit my playing style and the type of music I play better. The picks are comfortable to hold and are attractively designed in a faux mother-of-pearl style. I'll definitely continue to buy this brand in the future. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeffrey Riedy review Trying out a few new types of picks and different weights. I found this pick very responsive, flying through the scales on my Les Paul. The pick's weight was perfect. It's durable and easy-gripping. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Perry review  It is all preference. I bought a couple cactus picks and I like the fact they stick to my fingers better. These are slick and seem harder to keep track of. overallrating 3   lineend
name Quaestor review  What do you say about a little chip of celluloid? Well, almost everyone I know who plays has a preference in guitar picks. These do it for me. I like the look and, more important, I like the feel in my fingers and on the strings. They also seem to make a good, clean sound. I use an Ibanez electric and a Gibson acoustic as my favorites out of seven guitars. Maybe, it's all in my head but, these feel good to me using any of my guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name jim beasley jr review These picks are really nice if your tastes run in the jazz pick direction. It's easy to play fast tricky lines with the smaller hard picks. give them a shot overallrating 4   lineend
name legendery-sound. review great picks,, they are shorter for speed and maneuvering sweeps better not to stumble in strings when sweep,, so for me it works fine i do use Th turtle purple big ext HH as well but i like to try this for experiment to see how it helps spleen on sweeps etc,, nice picks well made overallrating 4   lineend
name Meganicus review Good picks but not a replacement for jazz 3 that I still prefer over this one, nice backup in case you run out. overallrating 3   lineend
name M. Lehr review  I'm really happy with the Black Ice Heavy picks (1.10 mm), which I bought after being badly disappointed with my last order of Dunlop Jazz IIIs.I would call the Black Ice picks medium sized.  They are roughly the same size and shape as Fender 551 picks, but a little bigger than the Jazz IIIs.  They are stiffer than the 551s and perhaps a touch less stiff than the IIIs (and thinner than the IIIs too).One thing that may account for the nice way the Black Ice perform is that the edges are beveled and smoothly finished in a way which differs from the 551s (which I still like) and from the Jazz IIIs.In terms of playability, they are about the same to me as any other pick of this shape and stiffness.But the most important thing to me is the hardest thing to communicate to you:  The tone.  I love the tone I get with these picks, and the best I can do for you is to say that I was looking for a pick that would generate a solid, mellow jazz tone with an archtop - a tone that reminds me of say, Barney Kessel (but without Barney's chops of coursse).  This is what the Black Ice delivers. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rock Daisy review I do like this pick, I bought a few different types to have a variety to &#34;Pick&#34; from.  A suggestion from my teacher.  Good suggestion, depending on what kind of guitar I'm playing on, it changes the tone.  I like this one. overallrating 5   lineend
name David Burch review Unless you have a taste for really thin picks, this material and thickness will suffice for all uses, both single-line leads and strumming. This pick finally got me away from my old favorite Fender tortoise mediums, though I do still keep them around. overallrating 5   lineend
name Huevos Rancheros review  I bought this on a whim. I was pretty satisfied with the extra heavy picks I was using, but wanted something with more grip. These picks have a logo and the company name molded in, which gives purchase to you pickin fingers to hold on to the pick. This seems to be a perfect thickness for some of my guitars that have silk and steel strings. With the xtra heavy picks I was losing what little treble these strings had. With this little purple wonder I got my treble back and still had great control for playing fast or playing hard.I like them so much I bought another hundred just in case the purple pick monster eats all my other picks.Its a great pick, its delrin or whatever(delflex) generic name they give it to avoid trademark issues, but its the best plastic for picks in my book. The tone is superb and the ease of holding is wonderful. I keep a couple of these in all my guitar cases.I recommend these if you enjoy playing guitar or just enjoy owning things that are purple colored. They don't taste like grapes however. overallrating 5   lineend
name Modern Blue Argonaut review  If you are prone to losing your guitar picks, this is a good set of 10 picks to have around all in your choice of a single color per pack. The quality is a bit better than the cheap fishbowl picks at the music store, but not as good as my favorite picks,Dunlop Big Stubby Picks, 2 mm. overallrating 4   lineend
name Peter D. Page review They are comfortable to use.  The Planet Wave logo gives me a nice grip on the pick; and I like heavy picks, so the \"heavy\" option fits my preference.  I've got a gig tomorrow night, so we'll see how they work then. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ricky Shows review The Planet Waves 1FRD1-25 25 Standard Delflex Guitar Picks sound very good and easier to hold on to. They are very durable. I have always been happy with the Planet Waves products. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. W. Milyard review  These are great picks, and YES, they are slippery.The reason is the material, and method of manufacturing:Delflex polymer picks are injection molded with a blend of acetyl, making them extremely durable and bright sounding. Unlike stamped picks, which are manufactured from sheet film and can have a different feel when rotated, injection molded picks have the same flexibility in all directions.These are probably the brightest sounding picks I have ever used, and it is well worth gettingused to hanging on to them.I use the 61MM for 10's on my solid body electrics, 76mm for my 11's on semi and hollow bodies,and 1 4mm on my Bass guitar; that's right, I use a plectrum on my Bass.You can get a pick that is easier to hang on to, but you may give away some of that bright snap to a softer to hang on to material like Nylon. overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam H review I liked these a lot. For the price they work very well, and I am very happy that I bought them. I got a couple of those straight-coupler things, but really their use is quite limited because input jack heights on different effects pedals are rarely the same height so you can't use the straight-couplers. You don't run into that problem with these - they can connect any pedal to any other pedal. overallrating 5   lineend
name alexander review Like many say, they do slip out easy so you need to keep that in mind, otherwise for the price and overall quality they are good cables. overallrating 3   lineend
name Altech review  How much can you say about a patch cable. This is a good one at a good price.I recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name An Engineer review They work well, but they are not Mogami.That being said, I use them in my rig, and bought some for my brothers. We both seem pretty happy with it. overallrating 4   lineend
name ben review These are very sturdy cables and really work well on my pedalboard. I expect them to last for a long time overallrating 5   lineend
name Bilbo review I'm using these cables to string effects pedals together; I've had no issues with them so far.  They seem sturdy enough for rough handling, and I'm not noticing any extra noise. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bill Lewey review  I found that these were OK but the heads were bigger than I could stand to use on my cramped for space pedal board.  So, they sit in a drawer as spare parts for other cables. overallrating 3   lineend
name BJC review use them for home recording,  nothing on the road. for that purpose these are made well. wouldnt use these regularly for gigging wear and tear would break them down pretty quickly. overallrating 4   lineend
name Captn' Bob review I ordered two sets so that I could set everything up in nice orderly progression on my stomp box.  Heard no evidence of hum and they seem to work just fine keeping everything in order!By the way, these are listed as  .5 feet (6\"), but actually are 10\".  Wish I had measured as I ordered a 12\" long cords thinking they would be twice as long.  Oooops, my bad when I discovered they were only 2\" longer! overallrating 5   lineend
name Carlo Verdi review Well made, sturdy, and adequate for use on a pedal board or just to connect various pedals via the traditional way. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. L. Wheeler review  They do the job and are made well. I guess the high dollar cables are better but it's hard to tell the difference. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dako review  These little patch cables have been indispensable since I used them to set up my pedalboard. They're durable and tough, yet provide a high level of flexibility when it comes to using them in tight spaces inbetween effects pedals. I previously had been using some Fender Tweed patch cables, and they just weren't flexible enough, even though they looked cool for days. So if you're looking for a great patch cable for your pedalboard, look no further my friend. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dave review If you're not using a pedal board these are just what you need. Good price....Good quality. I use them for the times that a short patch cord is better then tripping over longer cables.  I use them to patch-in additional effects outside of my pedal board and they're perfect for patching my amp head to a slave head.  BUT!!!.... If you're building a pedal board  AMAZON sells, solid, double- male,  connecters (Digitech PC-2 Hardwire Accessory Premium Gold Plated 1/4\" Male Coupler) that work great and really clean-up your pedal board. overallrating 5   lineend
name dgray5150 review I bought two sets (6 total) Great cables, no added hum.  The only down side. I will need to buy more effects pedals now and a pedal board.Good problem to have. overallrating 5   lineend
name Don review  The cable is great material, the 90's with boots are just right and have a lot of strength for durability.  Price is right for sure. overallrating 4   lineend
name D_Strasse review  What can I say, these are great patch cables.Solid connection, not too to stiff and no harmonics that I could detect.  And I've had crappy cables that buzzed when you looked at them cross-eyed - these don't do that.  No gold connectors and if you need the best of the best maybe you should be looking elsewhere.  For the rest of us, who are looking for good stuff at a good price, these are the ticket.Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Eric review These cords seem to be a hair longer than the conventional pedal-to-pedal cords, which is nice.  They also seem to be quality without bulky.  Some \"quality\" cords I've purchased in the past were stiff and bulky, when I needed more flexibility.  These cords strike that balance perfectly.Quality and value, so you can't go wrong.UPDATE:I've lowered my 4 star rating down to 3.  Over time, about half of these cords have developed a problem of coming unplugged from the pedal they plugged into, and this seems to be a unique problem with just these cords.  About half have worked great, the other half have this odd little issue. overallrating 3   lineend
name GolferMark review I'm very pleased with this purchase. The cables are flexible, quiet and no pops or loss of signal. Not much else to say. Buy them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hitthespot review I've bought a number of these for use on my Pedal board.  They have performed excellent with no failures, noise, or loss of tone.  Recommmended if you don't mind a molded cable. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ian Shillington review  I use these with my MXR Effects Pedals and they are awesome.  Top Quality.  I would recommend these to anyone.  Sincerely, Doc overallrating 5   lineend
name James L. Maxey review I have a hard time paying for a patch cable that costs almost as much as a 20' cable. These are not cheap but they are priced much better than others. And they Work Great! No loss of Tone through these cables. If anything I had to do some EQ adjusting because after using these I had a far greater signal (volume and frequency response) when I replaced my other patch cables with these!I Love Them!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name John Ferrell review It works fine if it will reach your equipment, three more inches would be nice.  If it will reach, it's great. overallrating 4   lineend
name John M review Right size, well made, and these do the job. I prefer them at 90 degrees, so these are just right. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jorge Marin review I was looking for something like this for a long time, if you are like me, that likes the analogical pedals this is a good option. overallrating 4   lineend
name JoseAlmanya review Trustable, quiet, good materials, durable, etc... Maybe these are not the best when its about helping with the space on the pedalB bcuz of their large plug'heads', but they do a perfect job with my guitar signal...and honestly, for me, that's what I need... Good stuff to have! overallrating 5   lineend
name Josh Koterba review I bought a bunch of these when I started building my pedal board.They're very inexpensive, but seemingly quite high quality.Tons of bang for your buck.Seemingly no tone loss, no added noise, and no coloration.The right angle ends are a little big and bulky, they may not do so well on a tight and jam packed board.But for average boards they work great!I gig and record with these. Great product!Only negative check b/c the ends are too bulky. overallrating 4   lineend
name J. Sanabria review  I bought a second pair of these. All I gotta say is that they do their job for a good price. Good stuff. overallrating 5   lineend
name KP review With how small pedals are getting the plug ends are bulky - even for a right angle - but they still sound good. overallrating 3   lineend
name Kyle D. review I have a real problem with these patch cables.  I got them as a christmas gift but they don't stay in my pedals' input jacks without causing problems and having to push them in on occasion.  Most problematic is the connection between my EHX memory boy and digital memory man... never had problems with any other cables here, but these refuse to stay put without having to constantly adjust. overallrating 1   lineend
name Kyle T. Locke review I figured I would splurge and buy these just to have some backup cables when I wear out the cheap guitar center ones (and have some that match). They are well built and feel like they can take some abuse. I will probably but 2 more packs shortly to switch out all my cables. overallrating 5   lineend
name legendery-sound. review nice to get these for ur effects , they are great product , and does exactly what they supposed to, connect Ur pedals,,,great cable , short and useful, also quiet overallrating 5   lineend
name lunchie review They are cheap when bought in the 3 pack and they are very quiet. I need to order a couple more packs though! overallrating 5   lineend
name Marc LaBelle review  I thought it was my jack for a while, then I noticed it wouldn't stay in any pedal.  There is no \"click\" assuring that the cable is in place... and there's a reason for that, it isn't! Slips right out of every pedal I have.  Not reliable. overallrating 1   lineend
name Mark Crabtree review I have been playing for 17 years and have seen alot of patch cables. These are great quality and for the price you cant go wrong. These are currently the only cables I use on my pedalboard. Short of monster or mogami, these are the best you can get for the money. overallrating 4   lineend
name Matt review If you're looking for the perfect patch cables for your effects board, these are it. Very well-manufactured, durable, and reliable, I'll use these again and again overallrating 4   lineend
name Matt review Worked perfectly for my needs. I don't have a ton of pedals and just needed a few patch cables to connect them all. When it comes to quality of cables, I'm really not to picky about it. I know there's a bunch of gear snobs that turn their noses at anything they consider &#34;inferior&#34; in quality, which usually, from my observation, has to do with cheap affordable prices equaling bad quality and higher end merchandise is always super expensive. If you need some patch cables for your rig, these will do just fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name MAURICIO S TAVARES review These cables are really the best. They sound perfectly, they look and feel strong, their contact is perfect. Life time warrany. Recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name MetalFan review Planet Waves has built its company making affordably priced accessories and these patch cables are no exception. I bought these at a local Guitar Center for about the same price. The thickness and connectors seems to hold up well although I may look for a slimmer alternative soon as some other reviewers have stated also that the connector ends are a bit large and could become difficult to work with in smaller or crowded pedalboards. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michael review  These help remove a lot of the clutter from the pedal board.  They snap in the way they should and appear to be of good quality.  Just what I'd expect from the company. overallrating 5   lineend
name miT review I bought these to chain together some effects pedals for my guitar. They work very well. I don't do too much recording or gigging though, so I'm not sure how well they would work for those activities. But as for as practicing and just messing around at home, these work quite well and you can't beat the price. I've never had them short out and never experienced any humming or noise distortion. I definitely recommend these for anyone looking to chain some pedals together. overallrating 5   lineend
name Moe review Its quality for a small price, good if you are looking for a budget wires.  Overall it is good to buy overallrating 3   lineend
name Mr Tall review These cables are excellent quality cables, however, if you are trying to patch your pedals together in a closely spaced setup, these cables are rather bulky and stiff.The large size of the right angle connectors requires you to space your pedals out more than you might prefer, especially compared to some of the other pedal patch cables that are available from companies such as Hosa. overallrating 2   lineend
name muttonchops review  I purchased these for my little pedal board \"The stepping stone\".THese are very well made with the heads well secured. The plastic is thick and of a nice material.The cables come with a massive 5 year warranty so I'm sure they're not going bad anytime soon.Buy with confidence. overallrating 5   lineend
name Norb review Great price and quality.  It is nice to not have to connect two pedals 6 inches away with a 10' cable. overallrating 5   lineend
name overbybr review No cable noise, works well with pedals that don't play nice with other right-angle plugs (like the original line of Aguilar pedals). Great little product, and I would buy them again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul C. review This is a really good patch cable. Fits into different brand of pedals well and is really flexible with out feeling like its cheap. I was able to weave it in and out of the Pedaltrain Pro no problem. In fact I've order 4 more sets of these for the rest of my pedals. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Peter Faden review  er, I also use this to link my MXR/Dunlop pedals together. They are surprisingly well made and I dont notice any signal distortion or drop off in sound at all. No cracklies, nada. I have been well pleased with these and will continue using planet waves cords. They are solid, durable, and reliable (and cheap as well).Enjoy! overallrating 5   lineend
name Risenheart Consulting review for connecting pedals in tandem, got two of these three packs been using them for quite some time and not one has failed yet.  Nice value as well. overallrating 4   lineend
name synthezatory review Bought it after read reviews. I had signal loss using these cables.. it's like having a loose connection inside the cable. My connections were on and off, I thought I had a dead pedal.. I have to wiggle and hold to get signal. It's too flexible almost like Twizzlers (no kidding!). If you want a cheap and reliable pedal cables, go get the one from Pro Co, I bought it very cheap from Sweetwater on Ebay, surprisingly very good quality and looks durable! overallrating 1   lineend
name Tachyon review Great product. D'Addario always makes great products at great prices. I use these on my pedal board and they are always reliable and cost effective. overallrating 5   lineend
name Thomas Saliceti review Great for linking close-quarter effect pedals. No noise and very durable. Great product for the price. I would recommend buying. overallrating 5   lineend
name TIMOTHY A. BILLINGSLEY review  they connect my pedals and with very little signal kill. good buy for the price and nothing else is required. good quality with sealed connectors. overallrating 5   lineend
name T. Murphy review Needed patch cables for my pedal board.  They did what I expected them to do.  Not to bulky, and the right angle plugs save space. overallrating 4   lineend
name victormanuel3007 review I bought this planet wave cables because i have a Electro Harmonix OD Glove and a Line 6 M5, so i needed a small cable for both pedals. I highly recomend this model of cables, really works good with pedals and others. overallrating 5   lineend
name W. Perry review I'm an enthusiastic amateur, which means I care about my gear, but it's not my living. I buy the best gear i can afford, but I can't go all Mogami for every cable I need. Planet Waves is dependable durable stuff at prices the weekend warrior  can pay.  These sound good (by that I mean they don't have any sound at all!), and are made well. The design is such that they will wear well. I'm very pleased with these. overallrating 5   lineend
name delighted review really nice I found them easy to put on and to use on the guitar and easy to play. thanks overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Vazquez review I've been buying these strings for a while now. They sound clean and crisp. The best part is the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joseph Durall review Great for beginners and experts. The sound is great and is easy on the fingers.  I got them recommended by a friend overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Brown review I like purchasing the 3 pack because I have multiple guitars and these were replacement strings.  You can't beat the price.  I have started purchasing a lot of my guitar supplies this way. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul 1946 review  I am not a fussy person about guitar strings.  They either sound good or they don't to you and you are the one that matters.  I was very pleased with getting 3 sets at this price delivered to my front door.  There are so many different strings out there just go with the flow and look at the company logo on the outside.  Martin is at the top of the heap.  These strings sound light and bright. Very pleased with this purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name Peter A. Andolfi review  They are a wonderful product! The lighter the strings on your acoustic the less taxing to the neck of your guitar, with these you can't go wrong. overallrating 5   lineend
name Skip review Nice light set of strings allows easy fingering allowing for longer play/practice periods and less finger fatigue. I would recommend these for anyone who likes the light and lively sound of an acoustic. especially good for beginners. overallrating 5   lineend
name Coffee Infusion review  Good grippy picks for some types of playing. I go back and forth between these and the Jazz IIIs when I'm in a Jazz pick kind of mood (i.e.: when I'm not using ginormous Gypsy Jazz picks or Fender heavies. I especially dig Davas (all models) for acoustic playing and strumming. Nice tone as well. Have tried pretty much every Dava and each has its pluses for specific kinds of playing.One thing about Davas is that once in a while the pick will slightly move in my grip, and I'll pick the string with the rubber. Hand angle can also play a part in this. Probably just me. overallrating 4   lineend
name D. Gray review  I've been trying out different picks for a few weeks now looking for the perfect one for hybrid picking. So far this is the one and I think my search is actually over. I've tried theJim Dunlop 427P3 Dun Ultex Jazz Iii Ply Pkand that was close but this is the one. These Davas have a great feel in my bigger fingers, doesn't slip around at all and is very sharp and fast on alternate and hybrid picking. Pick noise has also been reduced because there is much less friction than with most others; the notes ring out very clearly even on fast runs. overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  I've used Dunlop Jazz III's for years but always had a problem when it came to a song that required a lot of strumming. The DAVA changes that for me. Not only does it allow for accurate picking, but it also allows you to strum when needed - just roll your thumb back a little (works great). I've been using this pick for about 2 months now and have not gone back to any of my other picks. A definite 5 star for being my favorite new pick!!! You won't be dissapointed!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name GunHawk review These are a new style of guitar pick to me. Thought I'd give it a try. OK...probably didn't try long enough so I only rate it three stars because of my OPINION. The seller did not fail me in any way. overallrating 3   lineend
name JC review Have been a user of Jazz III picks lately (Max Grip version:Dunlop Max Grip Jazz III Carbon Fiber Guitar Picks - 6 Pack) but was having some difficulty with those picks during rhythmic sections that required lots of strumming.Was recommended to these picks by other users so I gave them a shot. A few of my notes:- This pick is very slightly bigger than the Jazz iiis i linked above. I like this a lot. The tip is almost exactly the same size, but the top grip area is ever so slightly bigger. Still, these picks are significantly smaller than your review   helped overallrating 5   lineend
name Nuri K review  Title says it all I guess, it gives you the small pick feeling without the thickness (that I'm not crazy about in Dunlops), and the traction is certainly better in my oversweating hands. Bought these 3 months ago and I've got to say they're very durable too, certainly more so than the small-pick alternatives I tried. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Perez review These picks have a good grip.  They're pointy, so they're good for fast picking.  They're very small, about the size of a nickle, so you've been warned.  As with other Dava picks, they wear out pretty quickly.  That's the price you pay for a flexible pick I guess. overallrating 4   lineend
name Surferofromantica review  A very nice pick, both in feel, texture and design. I picked it up and started strumming and immediately felt something different - something smoother and more comfortable, more natural. I'm very satisfied with this pick! There's a cheeky little message on the label, &#34;Warning: may improve your playing&#34; and that's no joke! Only complaint is that it's fairly small - about the size of a Canadian or US five cent piece, where most of your typical guitar pick are bigger - about the size of a 25 cent piece. But that's okay. I got this the same time as I got a set of Jim Dunlop 427P3 Dun Ultex Jazz III, the yellowish ones, and the Dunlop Max Grip Jazz III Carbon Fiber Guitar Picks, and I think I like this one the best. All three are &#34;tight grip&#34; picks, and all the same size, but I'd say that I like this one the best of the three (they're all good, though - I'd rate the 427P3 next-best, and the Jazz III Carbon Fiber next after that).One complaint - they sent mine in a bloody great big oversized padded envelope suitable for CDs. Kind of overkill, if you ask me, for only six picks, but I shouldn't complain - they arrived in great condition!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Darren O'Neill review While I have heard that these devices can be great for recording concerts and have heard some great recordings to back that claim up my review will be focusing on my main use which is podcasting.  After using the Zoom H4N for a few weeks I've found it to be a very versatile tool that should be in any podcaster's arsenal of gear.I mainly use the H4N to record my podcasts using a Allen & Heath ZED14 mixing board.  I usually do a two person podcast where I am in one location and the other person is brought in via Skype.  Using the Aux sends of the board and the 4 track mode of the H4N I can record myself in one channel, the other person in another channel and all of the sound effects and music supplied by my iPad into its own stereo channel.  This makes editing a breeze as everything is on its own track.The sound quality of the H4N is excellent and it is very easy to hook up external microphones to the unit.  You can hook up either two XLR microphones or two 1/4&#34; jack sources (or a combination) to the bottom of the unit and there is one 1/8&#34; input on the back of the unit that will accept a stereo microphone or any line level stereo source.  It's the combination of these that lets me record the podcast onto the 4 separate tracks.The H4N will also let you record using two attached microphones and the internal microphones at the same time as well, which could be useful if you're looking to capture some background noise if you are recording something on location or say to mix the crowd reaction to a soundboard feed.Overall this is a great device for podcasters both in the studio and out in the field, letting you produce high quality recordings in both environments.  Five stars without a doubt. overallrating 5   lineend
name David Townsend review I purchased the H4n after being unhappy with the H2's performance most significant where I couldn't record a good sounding signal that wasn't distorted with the Line In jack.  Only to find that the H4n has the same problem but not as bad.  If I try to record a line level signal from a sound board or stereo receiver and connect to the H4n's 1/4 inch jacks, it is almost impossible to not to have a distorted signal.  It appears that on both models the line in preamp is too sensitive and clips very easily and because it is clipping in the preamp, adjusting the gain doesn't correct it.  I contacted Zoom's tech support about the H2 and was told that I likely had a defective unit.  I returned the H2 and decided to give Zoom another chance and try the H4n after seeing many positive reviews.I really like the H4n's design, the menus and controls are nicely organized.  It feels more sturdy than the H2.  The recording quality using the built in mics is excellent.  Most other recorders in this price range don't have XLR inputs.  Since I plan to use it mostly for recording concerts by connecting to a line out or tape out on a sound board, if the line in jacks don't work properly and can't accept a normal line level signal without clipping, I can't use this for what I bought it for.  I have used my Sony minidisc recorder for the same type of application for the past 8 years and have never had any problems.  I've worked with pro sound equipment for over 25 years and have used many types of recorders and so far the Zoom products are the only ones where I have encountered this problem.  If you are using this to record with mics, it works great, but if you need to record from line level sources, the Zoom recorders may not be a good choice.  I exchanged this for the Tascam DR-07 and while the Tascam doesn't have as many bells and whistles, It is a nice recorder and I'm very happy with it. overallrating 2   lineend
name D. Bellino review 4 stars because I've only used it in stereo mode and Stamina mode. Stamina Mode is supposed to run for 11 hours. Perhaps it does, but if so, it can only be when it is turned on and maybe not even in record mode. No one records 11 hours straight, so I'm guessing that turning it on and off wears the batts down sooner. If not for that, I'd have rated 4 stars. In terms of clarity, flat response and transparency, it is excellent. The Auto Rec level is very smooth and doesn't sound as if has been severely limited and squashed. At rehearsals, before the whole band kicks in, the levels are quite loud, but it comes down quickly and smoothly. In terms of the other features, I cannot comment. overallrating 4   lineend
name Derek James review This thing has so many uses its ridiculous.  I mostly use it to record live band rehearsals, and it's pretty amazing at that.  I've also recorded interview audio and most recently used it as a USB interface for my DAW when my other interface went kaput.  If you are using this for film, music, field recording you will be very happy.  Easy to use interface and very well constructed. overallrating 5   lineend
name eatablog review Pros:1) records excellent audio through built in mics2) records excellent audio through all the inputs and is very portable and versatile.3) I love the 4 track ability and the effects built in to the device.  I can record multiple things in less time especially when I'm just messing around to get a feel for a song4) comes with a memory card and batteries so it was ready to go out of the box.Cons:1) battery life is weak2) built in mics have to be placed very well so not to pick up other noises and only what you want. overallrating 5   lineend
name Julio Caicedo review  s on several types of recorders I hit the nail!!!! Ok..I play in a really LOUD metal band...none of us are record savvy or anything like that...we just want to rehearse and rock the hell out. But we needed a tool to catch band practices and of course remember \"that riff\" for the next rehearsal. We tried various recorders but always to complicated for just a practice, well the ZOOM H4N changed everything. Simple to use and the quality of the recordings are just....well INCREDIBLE...for such a little thing...no distortion of any kind (just be careful where you place it). I still need to read a lot of the users manual...but take my word...I hate those manuals...I figure how to use it (extremely basic) and just hit the REC button and rock out. Finally when I came back home I plug it into my pc and I was amazed by the quality of the sound...we recorded in 4CH mode with two extra mics...and man....I havent even tried the multi channel mode yet!!!thanks ZOOM...now rocking and basic recording it's how it's supposse to be....SIMPLE AND FUN.cheers!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Rexomus review  I own both the H1 and H4n and I love them both. The H4n is a great versatile field recorder. I mainly use it to record audio for live event video such as weddings and speaking engagements. The H4n is a work horse. It has a ton of features and records in a number of different formats. I highly recommend purchasing a \"furry head\" wind screen for the unit as the foam wind screen included is not for out door use.Unlike the H1 design that has a hard protective ring around the microphones, the H4n leaves the microphones exposed in order to capture the purest sound possible in live and studio applications. However, be aware that because of the exposed microphone design the external mics are prone to breaking off if the unit is dropped. I had this happen once. If this happens to you, don't worry. I searched the internet and was able to find several Zoom certified service centers within my general area. I called the closest service center, spoke with a repairman and shipped the H4n off and the mic was replaced under warranty; I didn't pay a dime. I had it shipped off and back in 7 days.All in all the H4n is a great field recorder. I mainly use it in 4 channel mode. 4 Chanel mode allows me to record from both external microphones as well as the two XLR inputs at the same time. In some cases I also use a small 4 Channel Behringer field mixer if I have to run more than 2 lavalier microphones. Running straight from the mixer outputs to the H4n works perfectly.I do suggest some accessories when using the H4n. As I said earlier, purchase a \"furry head\" wind screen. I use the furry head wind screens every time I record outdoors and they completely eliminate wind noise. I only use 32gb Sandisk SD cards because Sandisk is dependable, I have never ever had one fail in all my years of recording. I record at 48K @ 16bits in .wav format which tends to create a lot of data when at live events so 32gbs is large enough to record over 20hours at that sampling rate. This allows me to keep old audio clips on the card for a while after recording them and is a safety net in case I forget to transfer the audio files along with video when I edit. I also suggest having a DI box on hand in the event you may have to run a line out from someone else's mixer. I have had issues with digital clipping and over saturated sound when running a feed without a DI Box from venue mixers. This has to do with a balance and padding that I am just not going to get into but trust me, a DI box is the simplest and surest fix for these issues. I also suggest getting a small portable mixer in case you have to run more than 2 microphones when at live events. Always be prepared. I use rechargeable Duracell AA batteries and I have never had any issues. Battery life is between 6-8 hours when the unit is left on, and 3-4 hours when left powered on and recording.I do not regret this purchase at all. The H4n is a handy little studio on the go and is very dependable. I highly recommend purchasing one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Samuel Chell review Although the big push these days by Samson/Zoom is on behalf of their latest entry, the pint-sized H1, the H2 is still outselling it.  Perhaps for good reason.  Amazon's price has the H2 going for less than a 50% mark-up from the H1, yet only the H2 offers a sound stage as wide as 360 degrees and is almost as portable and easy to slip into a pocket as the H1.  The latter offers the now popular X/Z mic configuration, but they're \"fixed\" mics. if you wanted to ensure the widest separation, you'd be unable to aim the mics in opposing directions.  Also, the H2 can be set down on a flat surface more securely and is less sensitive to microphonics from touching any part of the machine.  I've owned both machines and have found the construction quality wanting, the SD door broke loose on the HD2, and the on-off switch came loose on the H1.  Both are somewhat tricky to operate, with settings that are not visible in dark places and which nonetheless require agile, accurate, and quick, small fingers.  (Some users are bound to react negatively to the minuscule size of the H1's micro-SDHC storage cards.)  Both are capable of full-bodied, full frequencied high-fidelity audio, but you have to remember to treat them gently.The Zoom Q3 video recorder strikes me as the best built of the bunch, as it's solid metal practically through and through, and the limited settings make it easier to use than either the H1 or H2.  However, I found it impractical to use at a concert where where the included video component distracted the listeners behind me.  Also, with its size and bright-blue color it's anything but a stealth machine.This brings us to the 4th (and most expensive) Zoom, the H4n.  It's the most versatile of the Zooms, not only permitting movement of the mics but the addition of external mics for authentic mixing.  Still, the build quality is not notably superior to the H2, and of the 4 Zooms, it's the fussiest, intended for a user whose willing to take some time to become familiar with its versatile learning curve.  After less than satisfying experiences with the first 3 Zooms, I sent the H4n back in favor of the Sony PCM-50, which is constructed like a Hummer compared to the plastic of the Zooms.  I see that Amazon's description of the Sony is misleading, since the PCM-50 will NOT permit the user to record in MP3 format.  WAV is the only format it offers, which simplifies the recording process, allowing the user to select file size with the software program used during the editing process.  (The only down side is the limited duration of WAV, requiring the user to employ a Sony Sound Stick in addition to the built-in storage.) overallrating 4   lineend
name TriggerHappy review Great Recorder on so many levels.I use it for external audio recording for DSLR video.I was surprised by the quality of the built in stereo mics.Dinged it one star because the display and menu system is terrible.Not intuitive and too many steps to get into changing or checking some basic functions.Something I will have to get used to. overallrating 4   lineend
name Twiddly Diddly review Overall, as with most Zoom products, this unit is a winner and cannot be touched by it's competition in it's price category except for perhaps the Olympus LS11 which is cheaper but the Zoom has a ton more features.Build quality is good, features are good (the only unit in it's price range to have combi XLR / 1/4\" TRS inputs) and it records to a high quality.However, I think Zoom almost went too far with features and perhaps they could have focused more on making it THE BEST digital recorder under a grand and making it a great USB digital interface instead of spending money on the 4 track feature and all the built in effects and other fluff that works O.K. but is much more easily realized in a simple digital 4 track recorder (e.g a Tascam PocketStudio)The manual is a farse in Japanese /English translation and any person that does not have experience with recording devices like this might really struggle to learn how to use this unit (although it's fairly intuitive to operate if one is familiar with such devices - I gave up on the manual and just dug around in the menus, but the unit is still a little 'fiddly' to operate in advanced modes.My last comment is in regards to the H4n as a USB interface. I have played with it a bit and so far it does not make a good interface. First of all it is only 16 bit and I can only get it to work with MME drivers. I have read that there are some ASIO drivers available for Windows 7 but I use XP. I may try to use ASIO4all but it is still only 16 bit and therefore not much use for serious interface work. There is a direct monitor function but there still seems to be some timing issues when multitracking with a DAW software (I have only tried it with Cakewalk Sonar). I had hoped to use it with my laptop as a portable interface but sadly I can't seeing it being of much use in this regard.However, overall the unit is stellar and I highly recommend it.PS. I read some folks having issues with line inputs (e.g. recording a stereo mix from a mixer). I personally don't see the problem, the inputs are designed to accept a variety of signal types. If it is not working for your situation one can always use a TRS Hi Z unbalanced to XLR Low Z balanced converter, available at Radio Shack for around 20 bucks. overallrating 4   lineend
name J.A review This pedal has tone! its very easy to use and program, I did not have idea on how to use it, and really quick I got it, it has a great interface, it sounds great, you just need some time to adapt and you will be creating your own tones in no time.The distrosion is great some people say they arent but I really love them, its a matter of  taste and creating your tones, some preset may not be good for youThe downside it does not have the AC adapter but I knew this.The lights under certain light conditions are very bright,But this pedal is note heavy, well constructed and sturdy, I got the AC adapter so I dont have to be on the batteries all the time.This pedal has the whole package, effects, great tone, great distorsion and cleans. overallrating 5   lineend
name James Limborg review  The Boss ME-70 is not as nice as the BOSS GT-10 and will not let you install BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  I recommend getting a BOSS GT-10 and then install BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  Now your guitar can sound like Eddie Van Halen, Joe Satriani and other guitarists studio album guitar sound with BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  Search Google for BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg. overallrating 1   lineend
name jmhr review I agree with other reviews that Boss exploits its customers by insisting the $300 pedal have the PSA supply, but sells it separately.  It's a cheesy way to meet a price point without really doing it.  I used a OneSpot power supply I had already, and it works fine.  Just glad I didn't have to shell out $20 more to Boss for something they should have provided with the ME70.The first thing I noticed is that the tuner is not too good.  You get a letter, with an arrow on each side, and it's not very responsive.The Korg-style dial-in reverb controls are easy, but extremely limited.  Expected better.  You get either room or hall.  Neither are that realistic.Going from manual patch-level to bank-level is awkward.  It may just take practice.Next thing I noticed is the delay level does not respond as expected.  If I set the E. level (delayed signal level, or balance) at around thirty, it can be clearly heard.  When overdrive or boost is added the primary signal is boosted as expected, but the delayed signal remains at the original volume, effectively reducing the balance and making the delayed signal nearly inaudible.Did Boss just start making multi-effects pedals?  Have they learned nothing?Despite somewhat mediocre performance and design, the ME70 does have features that recommend it.  Some of the drives are usable.  The controls are accessible and easy to adjust.  The review  s out there aren't too useful?  I'm thinking of checking out the Vox Tonelab EX, which is being blown out now.  $225 at GC, for example.--3/16/12 update:  Despite the limitations above, I like the portability of this unit.  It runs on 6 AA's (I think) which is great when you just want to put it on the floor and play, for example at a jam where you don't have power nearby.New Fail update - the Tremolo in this unit just stinks.  I mean stinks.  Whatever the \"waveform\" is, it's not a sine wave, not smooth at all.  Very poor musical characterists.  Whatever engineer was in charge of this - you screwed up big time.  Your own Boss tremolo pedals are much better than what you've put in the ME70.  Why would you do that, Boss?  I like tremolo but it's virtually useless in this unit.  Some people won't notice, but if you like that swampy Fender style tremolo, you will be very disappointed. overallrating 3   lineend
name Lip Davis review I've stayed away from multi-effect pedals for years, because I spent more time messing with it, then playing guitar. I could never get the levels right. The Boss ME-70 is easy to use. It sounds great. 72 patches in all. My current band does not even play that many songs. overallrating 5   lineend
name T review I'm a professional musician, playing 6-8 times a month.  This pedal does far more than I need it to do and has plenty of options for an avid guitarist that likes to figure out all the bells and whistles.  I really like the 38 second looping function.....that's plenty of time to get through some lengthy phrases, and it allow you to layer the loops so you can really get creative.  Don't forget to order the external power supply - I would have happily paid a little extra money to have it included....not sure why it's not.  Double A batteries last a longer time than I expected they would.  I haven't had a chance to play with customizing patches, etc, but I'm sure that I'll be pleased with what it has to offer. overallrating 5   lineend
name victormanuel3007 review Excellent Multi-Effect, great sounds, the distortions are really great. Modulation and Delays rocks, they sound good. Like always, Boss products are just amazing. overallrating 5   lineend
name William J. Stasse review As an \"Old School\" Guitarist introducing new gear into my rig always makes me nervous. With a somewhat massive pedal board filled with individual Boss pedals which is often too large for some of the venues my band gigs at & definitely too large for our practice studio (and a bit too heavy to lug around).I researched every multi-effect unit on the market today & decided the ME-70 was the best way to go for me mainly for the \"Manual\" settings. When I received the unit, it came out of the box ready to go (other than installing batteries) and worked exactly like I had my \"rig\" shrunk down into a rugged small package.COSM- With the amp simulation & Pre-Amp portion I don't need to carry an amplifier any longer because this unit has the ability to clone my coveted tube amp collection with the twist of a knob.Effects- Boss is \"THE BOSS\" of effect pedals in my opinion... this unit combines everything I need & then some in a single unit with the ability of individual tweaking. I do not venture into the unit's ability to remember settings because every venue I gig at has different acoustics & constant tweaking is required to achieved the tones I want to hear. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrea Polk review I purchased this mic to use for screencasts (recording what's happening on my PC's screen while I talk about it).  I set it up to sit on my desktop, approximately 2' away from me and usedCamtasia Studio 8 [Download] and a free program called CamStudio to test it out.  Both programs worked well with the mic and did what I'd hoped it would do - eliminated my need for a clunky, wired mic headset.The build quality of the mic seems excellent, and the compact design is fantastic!  I love that it comes with its own carrying case and that it can be on a desktop or clipped to a laptop's monitor.KINKS IN MY SYSTEM: MUFFLED AUDIOThe included software: Cakewalk's Music Creator LE can be installed on one computer.  You get 30 days to register it.  I installed it and registered it immediately, but it would not allow me to put in my registration code, saying I wasn't the system administrator.  I am, and my Windows 7 PC says I am, but alas, it wouldn't work.  This software is optional, but I decided to install it prior to the microphone (per instructions) to try it out.  Eventually I ended up uninstalling it.Soon after installing Cakewalk, I had a PC issue: muffled audio recording.  No amount of system tweaking seemed to fix it.  I was stumped.Then I decided to go to the Samson site and see if there were updated drivers for the mic.  The generic ones installed were from 2010.  No luck.I began reading online about 'muffled audio' on Windows 7 PCs.  Somewhere I noticed a name I recognized: RealTek, which was a name associated with my speakers on my PC (RealTek digital audio).  I went to the RealTek site and noted updated drivers for Windows 7 64-bit (2012), and decided to download and install them.  I rebooted my PC and tested out the audio recording once more. Much to my delight, this solved the muffled audio problem!I did set the bitrate to the highest level for the best sound quality recording.  Afterwards I tested out the mic using Camtasia and CamStudio, both worked beautifully with the Samson Go Mic!On my desk at a distance of about 2.5', this mic pics up my voice perfectly for dictation and screencasts.  No hiss, hum, breath noises or distortion.  Very clear and with the properly installed drivers for my audio - works perfectly with the USB 2  connection on my powered USB hub.CONCLUSION: BUY IT FOR GREAT RECORDINGSThis mic is a truly great if it's recognized and properly configured by your system.  Impressively clear recordings, unlike any I've been able to obtain using aPlantronics .Audio 655 USB Multimedia Headsetor the mic on myMicrosoft LifeCam Cinema 720p HD Webcam - Black.For the price, I don't think you can do better.  It's compact, has great voice pick-up and audio recording clarity. Installation issues may occur, but updating audio drivers, using a powered USB hub connection and tweaking audio settings within the operating system should give you the quality you've been hoping for at a price that's right.UPDATE: 12/30/13Been using this mic consistently for a couple months and I'm liking it.  It's a condenser mic, and doesn't filter out ambient noise as well as I'd like, however for an under forty dollar purchase - I'm still very happy with it. Cakewalk never has registered correctly with my system so I uninstalled it.  I guess if anything, that's been the downside to this purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name B review I was surprised when I tested this microphone. It is probably the best bang for the buck at its price range. The base is heavy enough to allow the microphone to stand upright. However the clip does not open wide enough to clamp onto thicker monitors. That was expected though. overallrating 4   lineend
name Eldude review For 30 bucks this mic is great! I have garage band and needed a mic for voice and room recording, well this mic does it and them some. The different modes are distinct and perfect from podcast to vocals and for room jams . It comes with a long cable, rotating bad, and a nice carry case that fits in my pocket. BUY this mic, for 30bucks you will,be surprised overallrating 5   lineend
name Erosvin review I purchased one of these about 6 months ago for my partner who is a musician because we had no recording equipment in the house. We didn't really expect much except a quick way to record ideas.It's simple, easy to use and has outstanding quality of sound. We've used it to record acoustic guitar and vocals with surprisingly good fidelity. We've recorded whole ensemble practice sessions with the mic which it's really not designed for and still had reasonable results. Our friends who are musicians ( and even an audio engineer) are quite surprised and impressed with the quality of sound we get.I've even ordered a second mic for my computer to use with skype.To sum it up, this mic is cheap, easy to use, portable and with fidelity that will surprise you but don't expect it to be a full home recording studio :) overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark review The mic does exactly what I wanted it to do.  The mic has a headphone jack.  Having the headphone jack is essential to making quality recordings. Also, I like having the two polar patterns, switchable from cardioid to omni.I did have to back off a bit in proximity to the mic, as my voice is powerful.  Once, I got the hang of it I had no problems.I did find the bundled Cakewalk software useless.  Please refer to my review of\" Cakewalk Music Creator 6\" here on amazon.com.  It works great with my new \"Acoustica Mixcraft 5 Audio MIDI Music Recording Software V 5.\"Overall, this is an awesome product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael J. Edelman review My first reaction on opening the box that this came in was &#34;Gee, it's a lot smaller than I expected.&#34; It looks like a CAD Equitek E100S but it's a fraction of the size. I'd even say it was cute. But how does it perform?I have two microphones I use for recording at my computer: A Blue Yeti USB electret mic, and a Sampson SAMTR101A. Of the two, the Yeti is closer in design, as it uses an electret capsule and a built-in USB interface, like the Go Mic, so that's what I compared it to. I fired up Garage Band and plugged both microphones into the computer (a four year old iMac) so I could lay down some parallel instrumental tracks with acoustic guitar, ukulele, and double bass.Right off the bat I was impressed with the Go Mic's lack of latency; it was as good as the Yeti- maybe better. There was no perceptible delay.  No need to find a special driver, either. Plug it in and it's ready to go. There's even a headphone jack in the mic- something unusual in a package this tiny. Sound was good, too, though perhaps not as uncolored as the Yeti. I tried all three modes: Carodid, Carodid + -10bD pad, and Omni. Omni gave the best, clearest sound, not unexpectedly, but it was hard to get a good level when close miking. No matter how I backed down the volume in Garage Band I got clipping. Using the -10dB pad I was able to get some acceptable levels from a few feet away. Best sound on all instruments was obtained from 6-10 feet using the Omni mode.It has one advantage over the Yeti: It's very modest in current requirements, so I can run it directly off my iPad. The two together make a nice portable recording/production combination. Packaging is well thought out, too. The mic is permanently attached via a swivel  to a strong clip that also serves as a desktop stand, and when not in use the mic folds into the clamp for protection. And if that's not enough, there's a separate case to keep dust and dirt out of the mic.While the Go Mic wouldn't be my first choice for recording music, it would be a very acceptable one for recording musical ideas on the go, and perfectly acceptable for voice recording, podcasting, or Skyping. overallrating 4   lineend
name R. Perez review This mic works great for recording vocals on my Mac using Garage Band.  I also wanted to use it on my Xbox 360 to play Guitar Hero and Rock Band, but it's not recognized by either game as a mic.  That was surprising since it's a USB mic.  It is a tiny mic; it'll fit completely on your palm, but it can record very loud noises very clearly. It is also very sensitive when set to room recording. Excellent product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Samuel Chell review Having misplaced my Blue Snowflake USB mic, I decided to give this recently introduced, competitively priced USB mic from Samson a try.  (Samson is maker of the highly popular and effective Zoom personal digital recorders--the H2 and the H4n.)  It's an attractive, fully outfitted piece of equipment, with handsome packaging (a small black box and zippered carrying case with aesthetics apparently inspired by iPod).  It's smaller and lighter than the Snowflake--more diminutive than the picture would suggest.  Yet the audio quality strikes me as being somewhat warmer and richer, favoring the bass frequencies of spoken narration more than the Snowflake, which has slightly cleaner and clearer definition at the treble end.The Samson Go was seen instantly by my iMac, and recording was as advertised: review  er, does not open far enough for attachment to a desk-top computer (it should be an ideal fit with most notebook machines).  Although the Snowflake doesn't use a spring clip, it suffers from the same limitation.  If you're especially concerned about durability, the Snowflake appears to be the heavier, more rugged mic, with thick metal and no tiny switches or spring clips to wear out.  The Samson is the more delicate and refined of the two.  But don't kid yourself.  Either mic will exceed the capabilities of your computer's built-in mic and perhaps the owner's expectations. On the other hand, neither is a match for the Shure SM7B that I'm accustomed to using at a local broadcasting studio.  Still, Samson would appear to have a winner with this little wonder, whether it's used in conjunction with a computer to record full-frequencied music or \"realistic\"-sounding narration. overallrating 4   lineend
name Yeemeister review this mic is perfect it gets the job done sounds clear has settings on it clamps on your lap top overallrating 4   lineend
name Wayne review Works good.good buy overallrating 5   lineend
name Isaac review Just got this in this week. Looks nice and works as intended. For 22 bucks, can't really go wrong. I use this with a Behringer C1 and have had no trouble getting it to fit. It's a bit snug, but I would prefer a snug fit over a loose fit. overallrating 4   lineend
name jsnchmpn review I really wanted this to be a great product.  The screws strip out too easily.  Basically, if you put a microphone in it, and ever have to use it for a microphone, it is going to strip out.  I had two of them and was hoping that the first one was a lemon.  Nope.  Even the pop filter fell off.  I LOVE the design, but they need to make them strong enough to handle the weight of a microphone and strong enough to handle regular studio usage... ex:  adjusting the position of the mic, picking up a mic stand and moving it, etc.  Otherwise, don't have an adjustable tilt option.  Just make it one solid piece.  I'm tempted to try to fix it with Gorilla Glue because I do love the design.  It's just not strong enough.  Not that it's a surprise though.  Not much of anything is worth the money these days.  It's a damn chore to return every friggin' purchase these days that they don't really have to care about actually testing products.  Why should they?  They already have your money.  I feel like I should get paid for testing their products and the time spent un-boxing and packing things back up.  Besides, what are they going to do?  Replace it with another broke a$$ product?  Better yet, refund my money for the product I paid - minus shipping????  That doesn't include the time I spent trying to prevent you from buying one and testing their damn product in the first place.  I want a refund, plus an hourly wage.  Whatever, don't buy one.  Companies that don't test their products don't deserve your business.  What would make me happy, is for one of these companies that make these products to answer the question(s):  Did you test this product?  How did you test it?  What were your results?  Is it ready to be sold to the public with confidence?Nope overallrating 2   lineend
name Paul D Ford review Great mount for the price. Filter attached to mount is great idea, saves space and simplifies mic stand setup. Quality good, especially given fairly low price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert Mitchell review  I'm loving this pop filter! It looks professional in design, and feels very sturdy on the mic stand. The built in shock mount is definitely a plus. I like it because some beginners try to grab the mic in the studio when recording vocals. This immediately let's them know to just speak into the microphone. Also offers the option of removing the pop screen if you want. Amazon was great in conjunction with the seller! My item arrived lightning fast! Amazon is like music to my ears, and that's why their products are in my studio. Simply THE BOMB!!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Steveo review I got these for the build in Pop Screen. However I found it can only be attached in one place. This is ok if you are using a full boom that&#8217;s facing the singer. But if you are working in a tight space and the boom stand is to the side of the singer , this presents difficulties. It fits my MXL mic and any mic up to 52mm without a problem. overallrating 4   lineend
name Writer365 review Believe it or not, I've yet to use this screen. I was short a shock mount for one of my Cad condensers. I've yet to use that mic again. Go figure. But I love the way screen and mount look? I know. So esoteric. But I'm still giving it 5 stars. Thanks again Amazon. overallrating 5   lineend
name Arik Burke review It's no better or worse than a tripod stand at twice the cost. this is a good deal! Note: it does not come with a microphone clip so you will have to buy one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Claudia A. Portillo review i got this stand and it simply works and look awesome, exactly what i was looking for, and for the price i can not get a better deal.totally satisfied! overallrating 5   lineend
name Erosvin review I got mine for less than 20 bucks. The stand is definitely constructed cheaply but nothing keeps it from functioning as intended. Other reviewers complained about it having a screw together joint in the middle. We have a more expensive stand of the same type with exactly the same feature and no problems with either. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ian Shillington review  As soon as I attached my mic, and with my strong hands, I over twisted the mic holder on the threads, and the thread piece came loose on the stand.  I think I can fix it with some liquid metal, but this is not as impressive as some mic stands I've had in the past.  Sincerely, DocAfter a few months of trying to make it work.  It doesn't.  I changed my rating from 3 to 1  This puppy is just poor quality. overallrating 1   lineend
name jimmytt review For the money you can not beat this. The quality is great for the money. I mainly use this at home for my project studio but have used it in a professional studios a few times. The stands my studio uses are a lot more expensive then this but work just the same. The only difference is obvious that this stand my not last for ever with everyday use in a professional enviorment. I see this stand lasting me for at least five or six years at home. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Poehner review For the price, this stand cant be beat. You got a mic? You need a boom stand? here you go. Does the job. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Warren review  It was cheap. It's not put together well, so don't plan on taking this thing on the road. Also, on mine the boom arm is very difficult to extend, but as it will staying in one location for most of it's service life it'll do. overallrating 3   lineend
name Paul D. review These mic stands worked perfectly.  The fold down pretty small so you could fit a couple of them in most travel bags.  Easy to adjust. overallrating 5   lineend
name P. Bradley review I have three mic stands, with this one being the fourth. I STILL have three mic stands because this one was absolutely horrible.1. The top mount would rarely stay fixed and kept dipping down.2. The bottom clamp never did secure properly. It kept opening up even without a mic on it. The weight of the stand itself stripped it.I sent it back without hesitation. overallrating 1   lineend
name Ron1414 review I bought many professional mic stands through the years, before this item, and I can not tell the difference. Well built, made to last, and looks great. I highly recommend this item. overallrating 5   lineend
name ac0214 review These are pretty good quality tweed cables.  I prefer the tweed, they seem not to tangle as easy and they are usually very easy to identify at gigs.  They also make one with the 90 degree 1/4 inch input as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I've owned a lot of cables over the years, and most have been junk.  For the money, there is no better instrument cable out there than the Spectraflex.  I've regularly rolled 100-pound half stacks over them, jumped up and down on them, and tossed them in the back of a truck with all manner of jagged and unholy acoutrements, and they stay clean and work like the first day.Pros:- Proper shielding means this is a quiet, accurate cable- Slick braided covering makes it super easy to untangle- Very flexible- Metal sleeves enable easy repairs should the unthinkable happen- Available in some very cool colors- Lifetime warrantyCons:- None to speak of.Spend a little extra money and get the best value cable on the market today.  A lifetime warranty means you'll have it forever. overallrating 5   lineend
name Coffee Infusion review  Very well built cable and so far, no hum at all. Exactly what I wanted. Like the retro tweed look, and the sleeves that go under the TS jackets. Quality product. I was getting hum from some of my cheaper cables. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fender Fan review This cable is a great cable for the price.Flexible, good tone, good quality.I move around alot on stage and I need cables that will keep up with me and not bind up.Great product overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeffrey Riedy review It sure is a pretty looking cable out of the box. The chord works great, no noticeable buzz. I had to have the tweed, to complement my vintage gear. I'd have given this a 5 star rating, but because of the tweed/fabric outer, the chord is constantly fighting you with kinks. overallrating 4   lineend
name johnny8 review Very well made cable but I had to return it for a longer one of the same as this was a little to short, but very well made . overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  I have owned a few of these and they hold up perfectly. What I love is they do not introduce noise in the signal path, and have some nice touches in the way they are made.One of those 'nice touches' is a strain relief at both ends, which will prolong the life of the cable as well as prevent micro breaks in the conductor that can (and will) introduce noise and static eventually. The plugs are also of the highest quality. They mate perfectly with 1/4\" receptacles on guitars and amps.I mentioned that these are for inside playing. What I mean is for outside gigs on rough concrete, cobblestone and similar surfaces the outer jacket will fray as the cable is dragged across the surface. That is not a negative aspect of the jacket as much as a reality of the material from which the jacket is made.Otherwise this is a bargain when you consider the quality, price and performance. Get one as a spare if for no other reason because I think you will be pleased with it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Nunya Bizness review Let me say this is a a great cable in every aspect.First, it works extremely well.  No popping or clicking at all.  Very flexible but solid feel to it.  It looks better in person than in the pic too.  And with the lifetime guarantee, you really can't go wrong here. overallrating 5   lineend
name aceofbase review I use the 21' cable. Great build quality, looks professional, sturdy plugs, and most importantly it sounds great! I like the smooth fabric sleeve, it doesn't stick to things like a plastic/rubber cable can. overallrating 5   lineend
name AF review  This is my first fatso-flex cable.  I think I've had Spectraflex cables before, and they've been fine, but I've owned, lost, lent, etc. so many over the years I can't recall.  The look and feel of this cable is excellent.  Seems very solid, but it's always difficult to tell with cables.  I like the flexibility much better than my Monster cable, which is much stiffer and tends to want to coil back onto itself.  The fatso is nice and flexible, and it looks fantastic.  It sounds fine, no issues.  I'm not one of those who believes all the snakeoil about high-end cables being necessary.  Get something decent that isn't noisy, and the tone comes from you and your equipment.  No issues in that regard with the fatso.One last thing - you've gotta love Amazon.  I got a 10' red and a 14' violet for ~$15 each, while other colors in the same lengths were twice the price or more.  So, I wasn't choosey about the colors I got.  THey look great, though.  Oh, and one thing I'm a bit iffy about is Spectraflex's lifetime warranty.  The fine print requires a sales receipt (BS IMO) and says something to the affect of \"we will decide if we will replace it\".  So, way what you will about Monster, but they'll replace anything with no receipt, which is more reasonable, I think.  But I'll worry about that when it's time to worry about it, but it's worth considering, as the return process might not be exactly hassle-free. overallrating 5   lineend
name CLKiii review This a great instrument cable. If all you have ever used have been rubber covered try this one. The fabric cover eliminates the knots and twists of &#34;regular&#34; cables. overallrating 5   lineend
name DMGenest | review  This is one great looking cable. I purchased this cable December 2010 and it is still working well and stilllooks good. And as Fernando Lamas says, \"it is better to look good than to feel good\". Well, not when itcomes to cables.This cable is 20 AWG, with an \"Ultra-Pure Copper Center Conductor\" and 100% copper and conductivepolymer shield. You want a good shield if you are going to be playing loud. Helps keep those ugly micro-phonics away and you want that big time.The capacitance of this cable according to the manufacturer is 39 pF/ft. This is the one spec you wantto pay attention to when buying instrument cables. The lower the number, the least resistance whichresults in a higher performing cable.Out of this cable expect a more corpulent sound and beefy output. It seems the lows and mids are hugeand the highs are very nice indeed. This seems to be a very nicely balanced cable for the money.This cable comes in other colors in the braided cover style. They look terrific but I find this \"Fatso\" muchharder to coil than the thinner Spectraflex 'Vintage' this company makes. The bulkiness of this cabledoesn't seem to lend itself to easy coiling. It also seems to become twisted a lot easier and thus harderto straighten out and coil for storage. The easiest of my cables to coil, by the way, is the Lava Cable,\"Magma\ which only has a black rubber jacket and is a dream to coil. If I were to need more cable, quitehonestly I would buy the Lava. Pretty doesn't count for much with me.I gave this cable 4 stars because of its very good sound, is well constructed, has excellent shrunk rubbercovering the plugs, looks darn marvelous, and has about average specs for the money. Yet, difficulty incoiling for storage makes it a bit of a pain in the arse to deal with on a nightly basis.If you want a beautiful, well made cable that you don't have to put away every day buy this one. overallrating 4   lineend
name Gustavo Posada review For many years I've been playing with Proel and &#34;Fender&#34; cables... until I start having problems with guitar jacks and connection efficiency. This guys put an end to the problem with high quality components. Best of all, Warranty For Life... or maybe longer. overallrating 5   lineend
name James Tepper review  This is my first experience with a \"high end\" guitar cord after playing for longer than I'd like to admit.  For many years i've been playing with any old shielded solid core cord without regard for much besides price.  In prep for an upcoming gig, I bought 2 Spectraflex Fatso 18' right angle cords.  I find them to be very well made, with shrink tubing sealed strain reliefs at the high quality plugs, thick and heavy duty cabling (but not too think nor too heavy), and best of all, very quiet, presumably because of superior shielding.  They were what I consider expensive (about $38 each), but for me, well worth the price, and considerably less than many other high end cables I found and read about.  I imagine that they will last for years.  I think I will eventually replace all my dozen or so cords of various lengths with these.J.M. Tepper overallrating 5   lineend
name Peter Dillmann review This cable has a very cool vintage look and a perfect, clean sound. Absolutely love this! This is definitely recommendable. overallrating 5   lineend
name Stabon review I've used this for about 3 months now.  No malfunctions. Looks good. Works fine.  No complaints. What more can I say? overallrating 4   lineend
name Teh Arbitrageur review  The surprise here is how they traded a little bit of diameter (the Fatso part) for incredible flexibility (the other F-part).  Looks great, no noticeable noise or signal loss.  A really nice change from stiff skinny rubber cords! overallrating 5   lineend
name ben review I am really liking the size of this board. I have a Line6 G50 wireless, Korg Pitchblack+, Xotic EP booster and Xotic SP compressor and they all fit very nicely. The board itself is very sturdy steel with good welds and nice straight angles. The case is also really well made- good zippers and stitching.  I'd buy this again in a heartbeat. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bill Lewey review  Is this guraunteed for life or something?  it should be for the price.  it is very basic, tube construction with very little for wire and cable guidance and clean up.  I would not buy another one at the prices they charge, but then, I am handy enough to make my own if I wanted to.  The carry bag is very nice, the extra pocket for cables and things holds a lot of stuff.  They show a lot more pedals than I could fit on it, they must be smaller pedals than the ones I can find and the perhaps have those magical patch cables that take no space in between.  If you look at the picture there appears to room for 6 pedals but 5 is all you will get.  I have a Boss RX-20 double pedal looper, and 2 other Boss pedal on board and that is all than can fit with patch cables. overallrating 3   lineend
name Dako review  I only had this board for a day, after realizing it was a tab too narrow for the pedal setup I wanted to create on it. I do have to say though, Pedaltrain makes rock solid products. Sure, you could probably fashion your own pedalboard, but why bother? This thing has a great finish that will make your pedal array look pro. overallrating 4   lineend
name Don review  I'm not on tour with any group.  I play for church, and every couple of weeks for a local nursing home (with other musicians willing to give their time) plus an occasional 'gig' for a town celebration or some such activity.  I've got a few sound effects pedals and processors I like using, but not enough to warrant buying your typical pedal board that holds 6 or more such devices and takes up a lot of trunk space in the car.  This 'mini' PedalTrain easily holds four of my favorite devices, it is built for extreme durability without being too heavy, etc.  The case is awesome, too.... heavy duty,...good stuff.  The board came with velcro, tie wraps, power head, etc to mount and use your devices.  I had it up and running in a few minutes,...and it makes my travel-and-play experiences easy, without looking for a 'roadie' to get help.  The angle of the mounting surface of the board relative to floor surface is perfect.  Clearances for passing the wiring through from device to device is also perfect.  Since I first got it, I've 'rearranged' once already.  Talk about easy.  You'll be glad to have your sound effects mounted, wired, and movable as a unit so as to reduce setup time and the wear/tear on wires from just handling. overallrating 5   lineend
name Guitarman review I love pedal trains because they are lightweight, come with a case and are easy to work with.  If pedaltrain asked me my opinion I would say that they needed to raise the back up about 1-2&#34; to allow for power brinc underneath and to aid in angle of use, but other than that, its a pedaltrain...nuff said! overallrating 5   lineend
name Landon Cunningham review This pedalboard is very solid, durable, and easy to pack in their soft case - which I love especially because it makes my pedalboard and some extras much easier to carry to and from gigs. There is space below the pedalboard for cables to run and the velco and glue they provide to keep the pedals on the board are very reliable. The MINI is the perfect size for me but overall I've been very pleased with Pedaltrain in general. overallrating 5   lineend
name overbybr review Let's' be very clear from the start: The pedal board and the carrying bag are excellent quality. The board is solid, and the bag is very well made and will last a life-time. As other people have pointed out though, Pedaltrain must have outsourced the decision to locate the strap D-rings to someone who has never carried anything over their shoulder. The only reason this is not a 5-star review is because of the D-rings. That being said, don't let that detract you from buying this. I just feed the shoulder strap through the carry-handle and it works well enough. overallrating 4   lineend
name Scott F. Lowry review I know the kind of person I am - If I buy a big pedal board, I'll have to spend hundreds of dollars to fill it up with great effects. Buy a smaller board and I can be selective in the pedals I buy and save $$ by not trying to fill it. Hence, the purchase of the Pedaltrain Mini.This board will fit approx 5 pedals and a power supply. When I initially purchased it, I was hoping that I could fit the power supply under the board, but I tried a few small power units from Guitar Center and none would fit and allow the board to lay flush. I should probably ding one star for this and it would be a great improvement if pedaltrain would just raise the board about 1/8\" to allow for the power to be mounted under the board.The unit is VERY sturdy and ships with velcro to secure pedals to the top. The velcro feels like it's military grade and does a great job of securing the pedals. It's light, easy to carry, and I can grab the case in one hand, with my guitar in the same hand, and carry my amp with the other hand (only one trip from the car to the gig).Overall, this is a great board. I currently have a looper, overdrive, distortion, echo and tuner on my unit. I've added a photo of my board. overallrating 5   lineend
name scottfwi review I'm so glad I bought this instead of some of the cheaper, plastic pedalboards out there.  The board itself is made out of welded metal and it's very sturdy.  The velcro seems to be of decent quality, too.  Even the bag is nice.The single downside of this package is the shoulder strap on the bag.  As other reviewers have pointed out, the fact that it clips onto the bag in weird places basically makes it worthless.  My advice is to a) definitely buy the pedal train mini and b) toss the shoulder strap in a drawer somewhere and never look at it again.I'm using this unit for my bass gear: a SansAmp programmable bass driver DI, a compressor, a tuner..and possibly an envelope filter at some point. overallrating 4   lineend
name StevenEddy review  What a nice product. Rugged and well made. The supplied velcro makes it easy to change pedals for various gigs.I was able to build a pedal board with a tuner, delay, distortion and a two button amp channel switcher with room to spare. It looks very neat and tidy. Using George L's makes it look even better.I will buy one of these again. These things rock!   EDIT - 10-25-2012   Still a great little board but I found Power Grip Pedal Board Velcro - this board that the new velcro make this an unstopable unit. overallrating 5   lineend
name A Conrad review   for theMahalo U-30PK Painted Economy Soprano Ukulele (Pink).For the price ($30 shipped) it can't be beat.  Free shipping via Amazon Prime.  I got it for my 3yo daughter for christmas, and she loves it!  I taught her the C-chord, and I play the G-chord... so we play the Moldy Peaches \"Anyone else but you.\"  It's a great little starter musical instrument, and a great beater uke that I don't mind getting a bit banged up.I was surprised that the frets were level and the neck was straight (well, good enough for a cheap uke).  The strings are some kind of cheap nylon.  I changed the strings to nylguts, and they sound 1000x better... almost as good as my other laminate mahogany soprano (almost).  The fretboard is painted black, so I don't know what kind of wood was used (I didn't expect ebony for this price).  I also sanded down the nut and saddle because the action was a bit high, and now even I can play it without complaining too much.  It has geared tuners, not friction pegs.It even comes with a matching polyester \"gig-bag.\"  Now my mother wants one so she can play with her granddaughter.  Overall, a decent play/starter uke and worth the $30. overallrating 4   lineend
name Autumn review For the price, this is a steal. If you can, snag a pack of new strings and it will sound tremendously better. All in all with new strings I only spent about $30 on this uke and I think that is more than fair.If you can't get new strings, the ones that come on it will survive you a little while (but stock strings on any instrument are never great). Also, if you don't know how to to tune an instrument/don't have a tuner, you don't need to buy one; if you have a smartphone or iPod touch there are accurate tuning apps for nearly any instrument, ukulele included!A little back story: I used to play instruments when I was younger but stopped in my preteens/early teens. It's something I've recently been regretting more than ever. So, I'm fixing that! Not only am I relearning the instruments I played before, but I picked up a new one - the ukulele! Like many others, I was inspired by Amanda Palmer to do so ;)Back to the review!:The sound of the ukulele is great. It's not too tinny like a lot of cheap instruments are. After a week or so it has no trouble staying in tune and rarely needs adjustments. It's very lightweight (which is good) but I don't think it would survive a fall. It's a fingerprint magnet, but that's about the only gripe I have. I plan on sticker'ing and painting it anyway :) The gig bag, as other as said, is basically just a dust jacket. I'm cool with that because that says to me that the majority of the money I spent on this ukulele really was for the ukulele, not the extras!For the price, this ukulele more than serves its purpose. I was worried that I'd regret not shelling out another $20 or $30 for a more frequently recommended ukelele, but I don't regret it at all.It's pretty easy to learn, especially if you have the littlest bit of musical knowledge or experience. Even if you don't, it shouldn't take you too long to be playing some songs! You have the gift of internet where there is information everywhere!This ukelele is perfect for a beginner or for someone who wants a cheap backup or travel option. Plus, it's not costly so if it breaks/gets lost/stolen/you choose to upgrade, you haven't lost a whole lot of money.This would also be great for kids who want to learn an instrument. My little brother has been nagging me to get him a ukulele since I got one!That's about all! I will update if any problems arise in time.Don't hesitate. If you're new, don't worry about spending $50+ on something else (I mean, if you can and want to, go ahead!). This will be more than fine.Edit: Apparently, this thing fluctuates between $20-30. I was $24.95 when I got it. If it's $30, wait a few days and see if it goes down. I mean, it's worth the money but if you can save a little and spent that extra $5 on a new pack of strings, that would be even better.(I give it 4 stars and not 5 simply because while I have not played other ukuleles, I am certain that there ARE better. That's just how it is. The more $ you spend, the better. But this is definitely pretty solid over all for what it is and how much it costs!) overallrating 4   lineend
name Darren review I have acoustic guitar experience to a novice level, but I have also wanted to learn the Ukulele for quite some time. As I had never so much as touched a ukulele before buying this one, I looked for a low-cost soprano to see whether I would enjoy playing such a similar looking but very different sounding and smaller instrument.Upon receiving this item, I tuned it up and had a little play using a few basic chords I learned. The Uke sounded acceptable, but I was (slightly) disappointed by the sound of the default supplied strings. Also at first (as I expected), the Ukelele went badly out of tune quickly when playing, but after a few hours the strings broke in and now keep their tuning with only occasional minor tweaks required.Of course, most cheap ukuleles come with fairly terrible (and cheap) strings so it would be wrong of me to be too critical when this instrument cost so little. I have now ordered some Aquila strings from Amazon to replace the default strings - i.e. I bought theAquila AQ-S Nylgut Soprano Ukulele Strings. I am still waiting for delivery on these, and will update this review when I eventually fit them as to the difference it makes, (which I expect will be a significant improvement in sound based upon my research.) To be honest though, the default strings on this ukulele aren't  too  bad so I may wait a while to install the Aquilla strings until I can play more competently and get the benefit of them!As far as the design and quality of this ukulele goes, I was pleasantly surprised and impressed. The paint-job was blemish free and well done, the unit appears to have been assembled well using adequate components, and the tuner backs on the reverse of the headstock are decorative little gold dolphins, which is a nice touch. The unit definitely belies its price and is a very nice looking instrument.For the money it costs, it is difficult to voice any serious gripes at all with this ukulele. I'm very much looking forward to getting more competent with the instrument over the coming months. I really couldn't imagine giving this ukulele anything less than a full five stars - it's great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Daryl J. Healey review  This is a great little ukulele to have around the house.  I originally ordered a different one and got this one in error, but Musician's Friend showed exceptional customer service and refunded me the entire amount of my purchase (which included a change out set of strings), and told me to keep it all too!  I was floored!Back to the ukulele-At first I thought this was cheap enough to knock around and abuse, but I found myself actually liking this one!  The action is fine, and with a change of strings, it sounds pleasant too.  I used the D'Addario J53 black nylon strings.  The tuning is a bit off, but easily compensated. It's a fun strum and well worth the $20! overallrating 5   lineend
name Doug review Great starter Uke. got this for my wife she just loves it. Stays in tune. good sound.The price was right. overallrating 5   lineend
name Electrosandwich review The U-30 is a decent starter's ukulele, no matter what color you get, but it is not without its flaws. The tuners feel cheap, but they are functional, much better than friction tuners on \"toy\" ukuleles. The body paint is of good quality and resists scratches with ease, but the paint on the fretboard comes off easily unto your fingers. The string action is low, making it perfect for fast strum patterns. Even for a soprano ukulele, this one has a higher pitched sound with little sustain, which is actually quite authentic for those desiring a more \"Hawaiian\" sound, but the tiny sound and low sustain make playing along with other instruments problematic, unless using a microphone. The worst aspect of this ukulele are the strings, it takes forever to stretch them or \"break them in.\" This means that you must tune your ukulele virtually after every song, so beginning ukulele players should remember to get a chromatic tuner. Chords that use the first fret, such as F and A sound distorted for some reason. Replacing the included strings with Aquila strings makes this ukulele much better, but the added cost puts it in the price range of what I would consider a true starter's ukulele, the Lanikai LU-11. The included gig bag is almost useless, it has absolutely no padding and is very tight. In conclusion, its low price and distinctive high pitch \"Hawaiian\" sound make up for its shortcomings. I would not recommend this as your only ukulele, or even a starter, since the problems with first fret chords will train your ear in a wrong way. I would recommend the U-30 as a backup or \"disposable\" ukulele that you can take anywhere, without fear of damaging or losing it, but for a little more money, you can get better. overallrating 3   lineend
name Fletcher Chambers Jr. review This is a great little uke for the money... I've bought them for my kids and quite a few for gifts... As many have noted, tuning stability improves GREATLY after the strings stretch in... One suggestion - If you're willing to add a 4-7 bucks to the purchase price, buy a set of D'Addario or Aquila strings and put them on right away... The stock strings are pretty poor, even a set of 4 dollar strings is a vast improvement. Other than that, I love these little guys, and plan to keep on buying them... Finally, if you buy this (or any other uke) do yourself a favor and watch the movie \"Mighty Uke\"... You won't stop smiling...D'Addario J65 Ukulele Strings, SopranoAquila AQ-S Nylgut Soprano Ukulele StringsMighty Uke: The Amazing Comeback of a Musical Underdog overallrating 5   lineend
name GunHawk review I should have researched this a little bit more. It was a gift for a child, but a child couldn't tune this thing nor could I! It was a toy, not an instrument. overallrating 3   lineend
name KP review My kids are all interested in learning the Uke.  This one really appealed to my son because of the front design.  Plays well and keeps in tune. overallrating 5   lineend
name Matthew B. Jones review I recently ordered this ukulele and 4 others while researching products for my senior adult choir at church as I wanted to give them a few options.Okina UK100 Soprano Ukulele with Rosewood Fingerboard - NaturalDiamond Head DU-150 Ukulele, NaturalMahalo U-30OR Painted Economy Soprano Ukulele (Orange)Lanikai LU-11 Soprano UkuleleKala KA-15S Mahogany Soprano UkuleleThe Okina, Diamond Head and Mahalo were all under $30 at the time and within $2 price of each other.  Of the three, I thought that the Mahalo was the best offering both visually and in terms of tone quality.  The Okina had a poor sound quality even compared to my own 20- and 40-year-old ukuleles (which had the original strings).  A string upgrade to Aquila strings helped significantly, but even then, the Okina still had a far worse sound quality at this price level.The Diamond Head and Mahalo both sounded better even with the stock strings and each includes a very nice (for this price) little gig bag.  Incidentally, what the Mahalo product description says is a review  ed the Lanikai and Kala on their own pages. overallrating 5   lineend
name Psych PhD review  I guess I did not expect much, since it was so cheap. Just know that you get what you pay for when you buy this. I got it for my son, and he wasn't impressed. Does not have good sound, but hey...if you're just wanting a toy, go for it. overallrating 3   lineend
name R. Beckmeyer review  not high quality, but has cut dolphin detailing on the tuners, just as described, works like it should, good or begginers overallrating 3   lineend
name R. Dary review I doubt you can beat this for $25! The uke is a solid little guy.  I shimmed the bridge a little because I can play hard, but it wasn't bad. Pretty well in tune up the neck.  Strings are ok but I do have some Aquilas to put on; will see if it matters much.The tuners ARE geared, not friction like in the one picture --- at least, mine are.The carrying bag is just that, with no padding or other protection, but keeps the rain off. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard review  Bought this for my bass playing step son,  dont know if he uses it but I loved the green,,  I have two, a soprano and tenor  ( Larger ) cant play for crap, but liked the look. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tommy B. review I'm not a ukulele player, nor do I pretend to be one, but I am guy that likes to make music and I can happily say that the Mahalo U-30GN is a perfect addition to my instrument collection. Worth noting is that you will need to tune the ukulele each time you play for the first few weeks until the strings are &#34;broken in&#34;, but from what I've read and gathered, this is par for the course. Lastly, if you're going to order one, I suggest pairing it with a pack of felt picks. Cheers! overallrating 5   lineend
name Brock Martin review I've owned several multi-effect pedals in the past, even one Digitech.  Up til now, they all had one thing in common: layers of menus to click thru to make any changes or adjustments.  It was a pain.  Then I saw this one...with KNOBS! I did a lot of research, and was torn between the RP255 and the RP355. I decided to go cheap and got the RP255.  So far, that was an OK decision.  The RP255 has plenty of features, and is a good compromise between menus and knobs.  I recommend reviewing the manual for your first day or two of orientation.To sum up the device quickly, the RP255 is probably capable of generating any sound or effect you want, but you may need to work at it.  As with many multi-effect pedals, there is a selection of (60) factory tone/effect profiles, to save you the trouble of programming new ones.  These are mirrored by 60 \"user-defined\" profiles, which are identical to the factory presets.  The difference is that #1-60, can be modified by the user, or left as-is.  The factory presets, # 61-120, are not modifiable.  So, you can really experiment with different setups without worrying about losing what came from the factory.  You can also \"reset\" the entire device if you want to, but if you do you will lose all of your modifications.In addition to all the different tones and effects this unit has to offer, there are also two additional features which are very useful: a (pretty basic)drum machine and a 20 second looper.  The looper is really why I bought this pedal.  It's easy to use, and it overdubs.  I only wish Digitech would have made it a 40 or 60 second looper.  20 seconds really isn't much.  FYI, you cannot use the drummer and the looper at the same time.  No biggie for me.OK, all that's good, so why am I disappointed in this unit?  Pretty simple.  I'm an older guy, who has been playing for approximately 50 years.  I've played every kind of music there is, and I would have appreciated a much broader selection of presets.  This may be a slight exageration, but it seems like 95% of the presets are some sort of (obnoxious) distortion.  Come on guys, not all of your customers are 13 years old!  I expect a professional piece of equipment to offer a variety of professional choices.  Now, I'm faced with working out all of my own presets.  I'm back to programming menus again, ugh!.So that's about it.  It's a solid piece of equipment, with too many juvenile tone presets to choose from.  In all honesty, if I had been aware of this, I would have probably not gotten this unit, inspite of its good design and quality. overallrating 3   lineend
name Drew review For $120 you get virtually every effect in the book.ProsTuner works wellAbility to adjust presets on the computerClean sounds are great - especially the reverb. When spring reverb is used with the '65 Fender Twin amp model you can get a really great sounding drip, much better than you'd expect. Delay and chorus are also pretty good.Downloadable presets on the internetConsDistortions and overdrives are pretty meh. Nothing as good as even a DS-1 pedal. Nothing in the same league as a good solid state amp overdrive. And nothing in the same universe as a good tube overdrive.No permanent preset. In other words, it'd be great to have a clean channel that you could double tap to from any other preset. No dice, so you have to program the same sound into multiple preset slots. That makes what seems like a lot (60 slots) get filled up pretty fast.In the end, it's definitely worth the $120 I spent on it. I recommend this if you're in the market for one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Grenics review Not the best pedal out there, but for the price...it's pretty freakin' awesome!  Love the 20 second looper and the ability to turn wah on and off by depressing the volume pedal all the way forward.  Solid sounds and cabinets! overallrating 4   lineend
name G.R.K. review So the problem with most reviews is that people generally review things as soon as they get them when they are still in the honeymoon phase about it.  I've used this in my jam lab for 4 years and use it every time I play electric (about 5-7 hours a week.)The unit itself has held up well.  No problems with case or pedals.  All switches, knobs, plugs, & display work fine.  It doesn't have a on/off switch but that's minor.  It's low profile and is easy to switch by foot.  I have it going into my mixer which works fine.  No feedback or buzz from it.I like the recording software, Cubase, that came with it.  I didn't think I'd use it much but I do.  It's fun and easy to record my own songs.  Cubase is a little quirky and will often tell me that there is an error and it needs to close, but I've learned nothing happens and it's fine.I don't use the looper much as I have it before my Digitech Jam Man.  Which, if you don't have, you need it!  The drum presets are fun to use.  It's a blast to set a drum track, loop a rhythm, then jam on top of it.  Isn't that what it's all about?My two gripes are the tuner and clean presets.  The tuner is not very accurate and I use a cheapo tuner that works much better.  Also the tuner is supposed to be silent but it isn't.  Some flaw I guess.  Also the clean presets; like acoustic and clean bright sound cheap and weak.  I don't like them at all.  The distortion presets are awesome from some tube overdrive to massive fuzztone.  They rock.  I use alot of the other ones as well.IMHO this the review  ...I still like it...alot!! "unixReviewTime": 1363392000, "reviewTime": "03 16, 2013"}
name Ron1414 review I gave it two stars because the expression pedal stopped working after the second day , and visually it's hard to read because the lettering is so small. Also there are  many function for one knob to have, a little confusion for me. The sounds are great and the recording aspect of it is nice, but not something that is best for my needs.I am looking into a Boss ME-25 instead, overallrating 2   lineend
name RS617 review Any product that can make an intermediate-level player like me sound like a pro is a sound investment. The RP255 is an amazing processor loaded with features (looper, drum machine, tuner) and dozens of cool pre-sets (\"Greasr\" is my favorite). You can customize your own sounds but I still haven't gotten tired of Digitech's choices. The AC adaptor (included) allows for hours of rockin' fun. I live in a condo, so the headphone jack is essential. I run my iPod through the unit and play along to my favorite tunes - sweet! The control settings can be a little daunting at first, but the owner's manual will walk you through the tough stuff. Bottom line: a great toy. overallrating 5   lineend
name TerranautX review  Unit is sturdy. Lots of good presets and capabilities. Works with down-loadable X-Edit software. That gets confusing a bit because the unit displays one thing, the computer screen another. I haven't mastered it yet and after a month am just knocking about and settling on sounds that are acceptable but far from ideal. I've see much easier software that puts all effects on screen as stomp box graphics and you build a sound. With the X-Edit you call up a canned sound and start changing it. The interface does not match the RP 255 and has a lot more provisions. The thing is, they get to be a bit overwhelming, at least to me. I got this for Christmas and would shop around a lot more. Perhaps I wind up choosing this but so far, eh. For one thing, plugging headphones into it, the output isn't as loud as I'd like. I kinda demands output to another device/mixer/amp if you want to play loud. overallrating 3   lineend
name Bryan Harvey review I used to buy a lot of wire form these guys.... However, you need to be careful and test everything you get from them on an XLR cable tester.I didn't believe it myself...I read another reviewer had an issue with XLR cables being wired incorrectly from pin to pin. So I took my handy cable tester and went through about a dozen cables.I got through only 4 monoprice cables before I found one that was miss-wired. Now I will be checking all of them for sure.Not a good start though.Glad the other reviewer made that discovery and passed it on.I suggest everyone check their monorpice cables. The testers are very cheap and may show problems you weren't aware of. overallrating 1   lineend
name G. Farnsworth review I use this cable to run from the balanced XLR outs on my digital piano to the balanced TRS inputs of my audio interface.  It works perfectly and there is plenty of length in it.  I am happy with the build quality and would recommend this to anyone. overallrating 5   lineend
name giubaloo review I use these cables in my home, hooked up from my audio interface to my monitors. They appear to be very well built and sound just fine. I have had them for several months and they are working perfectly. Highly recommended for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name ~ Kyle review Perfect cable for using with my small behringer 4 channel amp to plug into my mic slot on my small mixer. high quality and great sound. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul Kacprzak review The coversion cable didnt work. t is  axlr to UBS cable. I have the red  blinking light syndrome also. But I learned awhile back dont try to fix something you paid for Send it back. So izm Thanks HDE for wasting my time. Go sell your snake oil to someone else......... overallrating 1   lineend
name Rick Langdon review  I wanted to use these cables for my acoustic/electric guitar.  They are a little short for that appicaton (my fault though).  They seem to be built well but I'd say in comparison to other cables I've used for my applicaiton, the sound is average.  These will work in many applications and might be satisfactory to most.  If you are a performing musician, you would do better to look at higher quality cables for best sound quality and lowest noise. overallrating 3   lineend
name Fancy review This stand, after I finally figured out how to attach it so that it didn't interfere with the boom on my mic stand, works okay.  Due to its heaviness, it does hold a good size amount of music;  however, it is short, width-wise, so you can't really get an open notebook to stay in place.  (at least not with the ,mic boom there).  Heavy to travel with also, so I don't know how much I'll use it. overallrating 3   lineend
name L Scott review  The question was, &#34;Did it meet your expectations?&#34; and it certainly did.  It is heavy duty but also light.  Well, placed on a light duty cheapo stand it might be a little heavy but and basic quality stand will handle it no problem.  It really seems well engineered and made of quality material. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul D Ford review I use this small stand in my vocal isolation booth to hold the iPad that remotely controls my audio software via the Splashtop app. Very secure, effective clamp that connects to a vertical pipe. I covered with thin carpet to reduce reflection, and I find that it holds my iPad securely. I highly recommend. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick Holly review  I bought this stand after trying two others that didn't work well. This one is very adjustable and stays put. I use this in my home studio and I can place it so it comes up right under my mic boom just off to the side of microphone so when you are doing a vocal you don't have to look down or move you head away from the mic. I'll be buying two more. overallrating 4   lineend
name SRR review  I use this for my iPad.  I drilled bigger holes to lighten it up a bit. It's solid and works great, very adjustable... Good seller to... overallrating 5   lineend
name tekHedd review  I ordered two of these, one to hold music, and one to hold a netbook computer. I am very happy with how it performs in both situations. High quality, solid support, and good design decisions all around. The angle adjustment is very solid and it should be able to hold a very heavy book of music or a medium sized computer.The arm is just long enough that if turn the platform sideways, you can lean the music stand back next to the mic stand that it is attached to. I will try to add pictures when I get a chance.This is really two products that work together: a short boom arm with a mic attachment, and a narrow music stand that mounts onto a standard microphone thread base. I am using one stand attached to a mic stand, and a second with the arm removed, mounted directly onto a &#34;Gibraltar Multi-Mount Microphone Clamp&#34;. Major bonus points for making a solid piece of gear that is also modular and flexible.Note: the music stand easily detaches from the adjustable-angle part for storage. This is great, but be aware that the lock nut does not do a good job of &#34;locking&#34;, so if you turn the stand upside down, the it will fall off. This could be a problem if you experience frequent random gravity fluctuations.Final verdict: I own two, and am considering buying one of the full-width (MUS-ARM 2) models also. overallrating 5   lineend
name T T Smirniotopoulos review I mounted this on top of my On Stage Tripod Mic stand to hold my small format mixer during gigs. Works great overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  This gig bag was just what I needed to carry around a soprano ukelele. It has a strap for slinging the instrument over your shoulder when in the gig bag, padding, and a pocket in the front for your tuner.  The zipper is strong enough and it was just what I needed to carry around the ukelele to keep it protected while in transit. overallrating 5   lineend
name Daryl J. Healey review  This gig bag is well worth the price.  It replaced the cheesy gig back I received with my soprano ukulele, and I have much more faith that my instrument will be much safer now.  It has extra padding on the bottom for when the uke is standing up, and has a pocket in the front for tuners and other small odds and ends.  Get this gig bag! overallrating 5   lineend
name David Townsend review If you are looking for a good quality inexpensive case, this is a very good choice.  It has a durable feel to it. It has a handle and a removable strap as well as a zippered slot on the outside for accessories.  It works very well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Justin P. Palmieri review  Great bag, well padded the shoulder strap is nice! perfect! and very good price!What you would come to expect from lanikai! overallrating 5   lineend
name Matthew B. Jones review I ordered this product to review for possible use by members of my senior adult choir at church.  It was ordered with a little trepidation after reading some of the previous reviews.  I found it to be excellent for the price and so far, have had no problems with the zippers.This product is described as a review  ers tried to fit concert-sized ukuleles or other larger sizes into this bag, but I found that it fits the soprano size perfectly.  It is  very well padded  for a gig bag, having extra padding at the base of the instrument (where the bottom strap button would be if you have one) to cushion the bottom if you hold it standing on end.  It also has a nicely padded handle.  I received it in a box with other items and it was packaged well.  (Ukulele not included.  They cost a little more than this.) overallrating 5   lineend
name Sam I Am review This is a great padded case that fits my soprano uke just right.  I like to ride my bike and take my uke along. The small size means it fits my panniers just fine.  The thick padding protects the uke from bumps and scrapes.  The larger foam/nylon cases are nice and offer more robust protection but they don't fit into a shopping bag or backpack nearly as well.  Highly recommended for the adventurous uke player. overallrating 5   lineend
name Truvor review I have one of these for a Lanikai tenor, and one for a Stagg soprano. The soprano one fits great, even though it's a different brand. Perfect. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayne review This bag was nicer than I expected for the price. Considering that many soprano ukuleles are in the $20 t0 $100 range, a lot of people won't want to buy a hard case for three times the price of this gig bag or for more money than their instrument cost.The case is better padded than I might have expected for the price. Since soprano ukuleles are small and lightweight instruments, it's not clear to me why a hard case would be as important to most people as it might be to somebody evaluating guitar cases, or cases for other larger instruments.If you have a small child who is likely to sit on the instrument or drop it down the stairs constantly, you might want to consider something better. But this should provide adequate protection in general, even from minor falls. For a soft bag, this offers all I would ever need. overallrating 5   lineend
name aceofbase review I use 2 to stereo mic my egnater, works great, nice sound, to my ears not much different from an SM-57 and is a fraction of the price. It's not an audio professionals mic but good enough for me! Too noisy for hand held vocals, put it a mic stand instead. overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam review Works as well as my friend's condenser mic that cost him three times as much. Great mic for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review I've used both the ES-57 and ES-58 for several years now. They are a fantastic mic, great quality and construction. I love how hefty they are. I've got 6 of these and plan to buy more when needed. I would probably suggest a higher end if you were studio recording but I set up for live sound in and outdoors and these work great. I have several brands (some more expensive) but I always come back to GLS. overallrating 5   lineend
name bassestkkm review This is the equivalent to the Shure SM-57 except for a quarter of the price. The quality is almost the same and in terms of recording they are pretty much the same as well. There allow a more natural sound than the SM57 I believe and are thus a better product! overallrating 5   lineend
name debi review This microphone pics up instruments quite a bit better than my SM57s. It's quite a bit stronger of a microphone also.  I am really impressed with this mic!  The only thing I'd like to see is that it would come with a cover (bag) like the Shure mics do.  Other than that, you save a heck of a lot of money for the same and even better quality!  Thanks a lot! overallrating 5   lineend
name Debs review  s on SM57 clone microphones to see if there was anything that did the job. It seems everyone who has given an opinion on this subject all seemed to agree on one microphone. The GLS ES57. (Same with the SM 58/ES58). I had to give it a shot. I run the sound for local bands and I use SM's because they can take abuse and still sound great. Only time will tell if this mic will be able to take the same amount of abuse but so far I really like it. The frequency band is not identical to the SM57 as some others have said. A little less bass but that doesn't mean it is a thin sound - it certainly is not. I can get it to sound the same as the SM if I EQ it slightly but I like the natural sound anyway. Also, the signal is a bit hotter but I really like the tone for both vocals and for instruments. Value for money it can't be beat. If you are on a budget, get one.... overallrating 5   lineend
name frank arcidiacona review A great instrument mic using it on bass cabinet, instead of a line out for that real live hit.And the ES-57 is equal to the Shure SM-57 at $60 0 less. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gerardo Piero Pavone review Quality is really outstanding for the price. Sound is clear and crisp. I get a lot of feedback, but I guess that it is not because of the microphone. overallrating 5   lineend
name guitarman6730 review This mic is excellent, it's pretty much a straight up clone of an sm-57  and for the money there are no mic's even close to this one. Also the price at orange county speaker's website is $29 and $25 in store so I'm not entirely sure why it's $50 on Amazon. overallrating 5   lineend
name HLB review  I wouldn't be surprised if a big time professional musician might be able to tell the difference between this and the Shure it imitates, but for our amateur purposes it was bad to the bone good. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. F. Hindy review I bought this to replace my Blue Snowball because I've reached that point where I require something that sounds a little bit more professional than what I was using. Before I begin my review, I'd like to mention that I use this with a Behringer 302USB Premium 5-Input Mixer with XENYX Preamp (copy and paste that into Amazon's search to find it). So my review is based on this thing being plugged into that thing.Okay, my pros and cons.Pros1. My voice sounds great with this thing. Before I was using a Snowball and my podcast partner told me it sounded like I was in a &#34;chamber&#34;. With this, my voice is strong and clear...and even a little bassy which is nice because I don't have a naturally bassy voice. I'm extremely satisfied with how well this thing makes me sound. It is WORLDS better than USB mics like the Blue Snowball. Worlds better.2. It's heft, heavy, and feels well made. This might be the most expensive-feeling device I own. It's heavy but it in a good way. The materials feel high quality. This feels like a professional microphone.3. It comes with a mic stand holder thing. Never say no to free stuff.Cons1. The only thing I can think of is that it doesn't come with its own cable. You'll need to buy an XLR cable on your own. It's not bad enough to deduct a star.There are people who are comparing this to the Shure SM57 and other microphones. Here's the thing, I am an amateur. Before I owned this mic, I was using a Blue Snowball and before that, my laptop webcam mic. So I am not the authority. All I can tell you is that this thing sounds freaking amazing. My podcast co-host immediately noticed the difference and couldn't tell me enough of how much better I sounded and that's over a Skype call (we podcast using Skype). So if you're looking for a vocal/podcast mic, this is a great, cheap option. Are there better options? Sure, but not for this price. Not even close. Recommended wholeheartedly. overallrating 5   lineend
name karaoke review  I expected this Shure SM57 knock-off to disappoint me. I was not. For 30 bucks this thing does the job. There is a bit of handling noise but not enough to complain about. I put a windscreen on it to eliminate pops and wind noise. I recommend this mic for vocals. I've had fun with it. As far as longevity and durability, time will tell. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael K. Mcneill review  I own a GLS ES-58 and am very happy with it so when I need a mic for my guitar cab I went with a GLS-57 and couldn't be happier. These mics are very solid and I can't tell them from the real deal. I have done side by side comparison of both the real 57 and knock off 57 mics and unless you are some kind of sonic freak I doubt you would notice any difference. I am about to purchase three more of these 57 mics for the rest of the bands intruments. overallrating 5   lineend
name pruittjr1 review Loved this Mic when I hooked it up, it sounds great and for the price you can't go wrong.  Wish that it had a on/off switch but you can get around that.  Great for instruments and vocals as well.  Was delivered on time as well, amazon is the best and have the best vendor. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Jackson review I've been using Shure microphones live and in the studio for nearly thirty years now and I can honestly say that I can hear no audible differences between a genuine Shure SM-57 and this GLS Audio ES-57.This isn't based on any scientific data, it's based on A/B'ing this mic and a Shure 57 on the same tube amp at the same volume and distance going through the same mic pre. I made sure that I marked the exact location of the mic with a little masking tape on the amp's speaker grill. I recorded about 30 seconds of the same simple chord progression first with the Shure mic, and then this one. When you play them back either through studio monitors or some very good Bose headphones you can hear no audible difference between the two. If you were to examine the tracks in a waveform editor I'm sure you'll see some visual differences (but they are also two different performances), but my ears really hear nothing audibly different. Some may disagree, but I'm convinced.This mic is built solidly and weighs the same as the Shure and for all intents and purposes looks almost identical both inside and out.Is it as good as the Shure? I don't know, I think so - others may not. I do know that you can buy three of these for the price of one Shure 57 though. I'd highly recommend these on guitar cabinets, snare drums, and toms for sure, maybe vocals in a pinch on a particular type of voice.A no-brainer as far as I can tell. overallrating 5   lineend
name Shawn review I have had the Shure version of this mic (not naming any names haha) and this mic is just as good! Actually, I take it back, it's better than the shure mic because this one isn't overpriced!! overallrating 5   lineend
name skeletonbears review Wow, I will never buy another SM-57 again. I can't believe I'm writing this, but it's ture. I am so psyched that I found this microphone, it's perfect.But seriously, the sound quality has never once disappointed me. In fact, and it might just be in my head, but I now prefer to use this when micing my guitar amp. But everyone else has talked about sound, so I want to talk about build quality.It's solid, has some weight to it, and the plastic at the top feels exactly right: so far, it hasn't come loose in the way that SM-57s do. If I handed this and a SM-57 to my grandma who doesn't know any better, she'd probably guess that the ES-57 was a bit higher-end. I continually look at it and can't believe I only paid $30 for it.Get one. Nah, get a bunch! Sell your SM-57s for $60 and turn them into two of these. Magic! overallrating 5   lineend
name Skyler Smith review This is a great value! I was able to record some very good quality guitar tracks using this. It doesn't sound exactly like an sm57, but it will get you close. You can EG your amp to compensate for the difference. overallrating 5   lineend
name Steinbeckian review This mic has a very solid construction and looks and feels like a SM57.  I liked what it did to live vocals vs an old mic I have that seemed to give everyone small shocks (and probably cost way more in the day).  I originally bought this to check the hype out and can say that I will likely get more as needed instead of buying SM57s.  I have not recorded with this yet, but from what I heard online, I think it will do just fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name T. Winkler review  This Mike is an awesome value you could pay twice or three times more and the frequency response is excellent service was super fast I would've no problem buying from these folks again in the future overallrating 5   lineend
name ccaptn review Excellent tuner.  I appreciate it's compact size and often leave it attached to the headstock.  It performs as it should and appears to be quite durable.  Being able to angle the unit is great.  The back light works well in dim light and of course the piezo mode makes tuning in noisey invironments quite easy.  They do mean it when they say to replace the battery when you get it.  Mine lasted for a couple of weeks.  It was insightful of them to tell you of this need upfront.  All in all well worth the money and the transaction went flawlessly. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Dreifus review Was looking for something slightly improved over the Snark, but still easier to use and lower cost than a strobe tuner.Works well to quickly tune and still zero in on the correct pitch.Appears the tuner is a AW2 and the G (guitar) function is in that the clip fits a guitar headstock.Works as anticipated. Easy to get that last bit of fine tuning. overallrating 5   lineend
name DM review  I could not be happier. Once in a while it will catch ambient sounds, but I love this tuner. It does not eat up battery power, and keeps me tuned right on!!! A bit better than Snark, but if you love saying SNARK. Just get snark!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Ralston review Very accurate. When I wanted a G I got a G.  I have such a refined ear, that I only have this around if I have a head cold, or you know, don't want to show off, but it's a good tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark review Easy to use, accurate, programmable, lights up, easy to read, decent quality.  I like it, Korg has never disappointed me. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert A. Gare review It fits well on my Les Paul and Strat.  Does Not fly off the head when playing.  It's very easy to read with or without the back light being on depending on room ambient lighting.  The light works really well and that was what I was looking for.  As far as accuracy it's right on in either setting. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Mayse review I bought this for a friend who always wanted to play violin but never could afford one, the quality was surprisingly good considering how cheap it was, I helped her set it up (took 15 minutes max, just needed to get the bridge just right) and the only flaw I found was the horrible pegs that came with it, I had some spare rosewood ones in a drawer which fixed that small problem, as for the rest of the violin the furniture was workmanlike, not concert quality but serviceable for a student, the body was what really surprised me, for a mass produced student model it has a nice sound, I do believe that with nicer furniture, a better bridge, and strings I would not be ashamed to play this at a venue, how it will hold up over time is a open question but from what I can see of its internals it is well put together.this brings me to my only real problem, as she never has played any instrument at all she makes this violin squeal like a pig, I am no good at teaching so I got her a few books and downloaded some vids from youtube for her to watch but still...Her husband has forbidden her to bring the violin home till she can play so she comes over here to practice, which has led my neighbors to believe I am responsible for the sudden disappearance of several neighborhood cats (I think the noise chased em away) I am waiting for the call from the SPCA as I type this. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gail review The two violins we ordered came on time, and were packaged very well. All pieces that were advertised were included. The items appear as pictured. It is hard for me to rate this purchase, as I am still trying to get it in tune. I am using a snark clip on tuner, and have yet to get the strings in tune. We purchased peg drops to help with the tuning, but still have been unsuccessful in bringing them into tune. overallrating 4   lineend
name L. Su review  It's a working violin. My daughter likes it. Her violin teacher suggests to up grade the strings and a new Artino Magic Pad. The shoulder rest is way too high for my daughter, but I don't count that as a defect:-) overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael review i mean if you just want something to learn the violin on then this is pretty good, stays in tune and is reinforced in all the weak spots because cracks will form overallrating 4   lineend
name Raney review I bought this just to see if I might enjoy learning or if my shoulders (I'm gettin' old...lol)would allow me to hold the correct position long enough to practice.  I wouldn't say it's agreat instrument but WAY more than I expected for $60.  After I changed the strings,(I used the extra set that came with it) it actually produced decent sound.  I bought anew bow (for &#62;$100, so...) and found I like the one that came with it at least as much.The case is excellent...I'll prob use it with my upgrade.So for the price, you really get far more than you pay for.p.s.- the shoulder rest is kinda useless though. overallrating 4   lineend
name Rojimbo review This violin is AMAZING considering it's price, I got it for my girlfriend, expecting it to maybe be a complete joke and be absolutely worthless and it wasn't she went to a violin school and people had payed waay more than me and had a violin that sucked. I am a satisfied costumer, for a beginner or if you want a cheap violin to practice till you destroy it, this one's for you.Basic but sturdy, gets the job done :) overallrating 4   lineend
name Steinbeckian review Sounds decent and stays in tune.  For the price this is just what you need if you want to dabble in/on the violin. overallrating 4   lineend
name BJC review run this into my laptop from a behringer 1202fx mixer. windows 7 didnt need to install any drivers,it was plug n play. reaper picks it up immediately, just arm the track, set level and record. I will offer thistid bit of information because i had the problem where very little signal from the mixer and uca 222 into reaperhad the track peaking out and distorting. I found that others had the same issue. I had to right click on the volumespeaker in the bottom right on the task bar of my computer, click \"recording devices\ select my uca222 (not internal microphone) from the list,click \"properties\" at the bottom of the Sound window, select the \"levels\" tab and reduce the level to around 2 or 3 to have an equal volume from themixer into windows 7 and Reaper. Until i did that, every signal into Reaper was too hot and would distort even if the mixer output was set to next to nothing.I tried everything in reaper to resolve the issue until i finally did a search for others having the same problem.So far the behringer uca 222 is working great. and signal is clean. overallrating 5   lineend
name C.E. review  This interface is alright, nothing special, its for a guy on a budget. You can use it to record your old tapes or records and it will go straight through the interface to your computer via USB. There is pretty much little to no latency and it isn't noticeable. I plan on buying a tascam interface soon for around $70 0 and that should make things better for me. I will still use this to record anything on TV or like I said, old tapes. The software bundle is pretty much free, as you can find everything on the internet, they just bundled it together for you, which is nice. overallrating 3   lineend
name docpain review  i only bought with the idea that a \"FULL\" version of behringer's sequence program came with it....needless to says its a \"compact version\" and for you OTHER iMac/OS X Users out there????----aint worth yer timeyer better off spending your money on Vst's Au's that will WORK with OSX and Cubase or garageband....other than that its another interface \"i guess\" as long as you want to use RCA plugs to do that with...who the !$%^ uses RCA to interface there analog instruments to their puter????based on the software hustle im sorta sour but if yer a PC/Windows owner I would GET IT!!!!its about the cheapest way to \"intro\" yer way in to DAW/DAT interface..... Mainly im talkning to Katz who ownnewer Macs/iMacs who are truying to muddle your way thru music digital interface and Keyboard sequencingfor THOSE users yer better off buying a pizza probably... overallrating 2   lineend
name ixd735 review Pros:- Price point- Does the job in the descriptionCons:- Shielding of USB cable is abysmal; very susceptible to interference (could work if there is minimal circuitry around where you use it)- Cheap plastic construction overallrating 3   lineend
name Jason Lewis review This device is a converter that works with RCA inputs and outputs.  The Input seems to be geared for the -10DB range for consumer level audio range.  This box also has the ability to monitor the input directly with headphones. overallrating 5   lineend
name muttonchops review  I'll be brief and to the point here:+ Works as an audio interface for a line level signal. I used this with my Samson mixer.+ Is compact and the USB cable itself is long enough.+ The red color looks nice.+ Has a headphone out with volume control+ Plug and play. No extra drivers needed. I use ASIO anyways.+ Cheap. There's NO audio interface this affordable.+ Latency fairly low. Not bad.- Plastic body- RCA connectors. Not a big deal but wouldve been perfect if it had dual plugs or phono(1/4 inch).- 44.1 khz and 16 bit sampling. Should have been 24 bit and maybe 96khz. Even my DigiTech RP255 has a built in 24bit audio interface. overallrating 4   lineend
name Rick H review I previously had the UCA-202 and it worked great for me for a couple of years but I noticed the audio went dead in one of the RCA phono input jacks (I had used those jacks previously with no issues). Regardless, I liked the UCA-202 so much that I got the UCA222 to replace it without hesitation, plus as a bonus, it's purdier! :)  Plugged it in just now, fired up the PC, the new UCA222 started working immediately...no muss, no fuss!  For the money, I don't think you can find a better deal for enhancing your PC's audio versatility.  I don't know if I'll even bother with the included software as I use a great program called Mixcraft (btw, check that out if you're looking for PC recording simplicity but sounds impressive as the other, costlier guys). Anyway, two thumbs way up for the UCA222! overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick Holly review  er wrote that it is a \"very low,low.low\" quality software. That couldn't be further from the truth. I have used this software for years in my studio and it is very high quality software. It can work in both 16 and 24 bit processing, and input and output almost every type of audio format (.wav, MP3, etc.). It also has a ton of very nice free downloads (compressors, EQ's, sonic enhancers etc.)from the Audacity web site. Audacity started life as a shareware but was purchased by Sound Forge who was in turn bought by Sony. This is high quality studio software that you can still download and use for free and it's not a trial software that will expire in 30 days or block out important features. I would add that to really make it work well you need to use the preferences section to set it up to the higher quality settings that are available. As I remember the defaults are set at mid level quality so the average home user can use it without taxing their computer resources.The bottom line is that both Behringer units (202 and 222) both work great and I can't hear or see any difference in them other than the color and the added software included with the 222 package. For such a low price you can't go wrong. overallrating 5   lineend
name Youngblood review  Ay yo homie this interface be off the hook you know i be all interfacin and stuff you feel. thx behringer. overallrating 5   lineend
name applegd07 review I just needed this for my new guitar. From the looks of it, it complements the instrument well. I am happy with it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Coolkayaker review  I used these on my ukuleles, and they worked well enough that I bought tow more pairs.  They hold a regular strap well, and work particularly well with the leather strap attachment from a Uke Leash (google it, those are fabulous!).cheers. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. P. Hendrix review This is one of those products which is easier to find and purchase online than trying to shop.  Its performance is min/max the same.  I've used three with no trouble.  You can get excellent instructions and tips on YouTube. overallrating 5   lineend
name Leseagle review Arrived on time and highest quality and have the felt washers to further protect your guitar... very easy to install, but make sure you drill a pilot hold so your do not injure or split the wood on your instrument. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mathew K Raikes review I ordered two sets of these buttons to mount on two ukuleles - a concert & a tenor.  The buttons are good quality, look nice and are easy to install. The inclusion of the felt pad is important - don't buy buttons without a pad.Drilling holes in your instrument might be a daunting thought, but take it slow & careful and you shouldn't have trouble. Check out this rather entertaining how-to video to see the installation process: [...]For these particular buttons I used a 1/8 drill bit for the pilot holes. Snug fit but (IMO) not too tight.I matched these buttons with this strap:Kala K-STP-BK Black Ukulele Strapfor a perfect combination. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard review  if you are brave enough to drill into your ukulele for a strap these are for you,  I was hesitant at first, but this did the job. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rock Daisy review Easy to install these buttons on the guitar.  Well made and just what I was looking for.  Thank you very much. overallrating 5   lineend
name grandpa review  Fender original parts can't be beat. The Philips head is an improvement over the &#34;vintage&#34; straight slot screw that a screwdriver can slip out of and scratch the finish. These look like the have a nickel plating and I believe are 8-18, or 6-18 size screw and are much cheaper at a hardware store, but I chose Fender original parts for the Tele I recently finished and for the one I am currently working on. overallrating 5   lineend
name kannibul review These are as described - these work with fender switches (which, turns out they include those screws), and fender pickups. Used them while building a few pre-wired pick guards. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ken Blevins review They work and are fender parts. Even thoigh they work on many brands. Use them on all makes and no complaints todate. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mauro R.. review It's odd to review such a simple thing as screws :-)What can I say? They're shiny and screwed well into the holes. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rich review I have a 1953 telecaster body and after installing the screw to the pickup they were to long for the body . I had to trim them down overallrating 2   lineend
name RobertB review I probably could have found the same screw at the hardware store but these are OEM and fit perfectly. Recommended. overallrating 4   lineend
name Steve review These work just fine as replacement mounting screws for  single-coil pickups mounted to a pickguard, though they seem to be too thick to fit through the standard holes in a humbucker (nothing that a little drilling out couldn't fix, if you're so inclined). overallrating 5   lineend
name Carlos & Gloria Guerra review This processor is okay for home practice if you need something other than just a dry signal. The sound is a little too electronic for me. I bought an RP-1 and it sounds much better. overallrating 3   lineend
name jryan review This little unit is packed with great effects. For $50, I'm very impressed. Has just about everything you need in a entry-level pedal, except for a pedal control!! overallrating 4   lineend
name Mary V review I like the drum machine and the tuner, but I don't like the effects, I don't have an electric guitar, I only have acoustic electric guitars, and I thought that maybe I could make it sound like an electric, but the sounds are distorted, and not very clean, it sound muff.For an electric guitar maybe it would work fine, but not for an acoustic electric guitar. overallrating 3   lineend
name Sam review These types of pedals are toys. They are a cheap way for a beginner to have effects to play with. By all means if you are buying it for your kid who just started playing. If not, i recommend slowly building your pedal collection and use the money to get 1 decent pedal whether it is a delay, or distortion. overallrating 1   lineend
name sam review Works well and has good sound. I really enjoy all the versatility and amp sounds. The interface could be easier to use but for this price point one can't really complain. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Grider review I had a friend with one of these and he loves it. I got one on his recommendation and when I put the batteries in it, it started smoking. It did work for awhile. I pulled the batteries out and tried to AC adapter and it smoked again, this time it did not work. I am one of those people who gives an item one try and if it does not work, holds a grudge. I would not advise anybody to get this. overallrating 1   lineend
name Texman review This particular brand I've seen around and haven't heard to much about them, but the one that I got worked fine for about a couple days. It went out and I sent it in hoping to rule out the possibility that I MIGHT have gotten a bad one.And I requested in a letter when I sent it in that they send another one in exchange, That didn't work out so well, with that being the only way I COULD RATE it and never receiving a replacement to verify that i just got a bad one, I'd have to rate this one at the bottom... overallrating 2   lineend
name Chris Syria review works well for acoustics, as well as electrics,  I have amazon prime so I got it quick. well made and folds easily overallrating 4   lineend
name Chuck review Great Price, easy to transport and set up and it holds my guitar.  It does what it is designed for.  Can't ask for more! overallrating 4   lineend
name David Y. review Can't beat these $10 stands! They are a bit troublesome to open and collapse, the snap buttons are hard to depress. But once open they stand up well. Since I don't travel much they are great if you use your guitar in a studio and don't travel around much. overallrating 5   lineend
name hargy15 review Love these guitar stands! Sturdy and compact and at such a reasonable price. You will pay up to 4x more for similar stands! Great bargain. overallrating 5   lineend
name James R. Davis review This is a quality stand. I use it for my Yamaha acoustic guitar and it works great. Nothing but praise for this item. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jerry Cunningham review This is a pretty nice and well built lite weight guitar stand but I have another that is a bit nicer and I paid about the same for both. This particular stand is surely made for a very large jumbo guitar. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jerry S. Johnson review Small yet sturdy enough to hold a full-size guitar.  Nothing to put together, just spread the legs and place your guitar on the two holding arms.  A very good price for an excellent product. overallrating 5   lineend
name J review  Item arrived on time and as described, item is solid and well designed. does not need and installation and setup, this item can be adjusted to fit different sizes of guitars. I ll buy more for the other guitars at my house. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe Morris review This is my favorite acoustic guitar stand. It's easy to use on stage, it can be used with only one hand, and it has a low profile that doesn't take up a lot of space when folded, and it doesn't stick out as an eyesore on stage. I use this thing constantly, and can wholeheartedly recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name LARRY review I already have one of these stands for one of my guitars and recently bought the tubular type...I should have bought another one of these instead. As someone else mentioned here, this stand does not put any unnecessary pressure on the guitar and the space needed on the floor is minimal and the guitar can be displayed near a wall. I highly recommend this guitar stand.----5 stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name NoName review it's a guitar stand that holds your guitar so it don't fall down during a gig hurting potential fans and thier friends....well constructed....awesome price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Walter S. Early review  For the price and free shipping, this can't be beat. It's heavy weight, solid construction, and very stable. Pay attention to the warnings. If your guitar has polypropylene finish, which most do, you're going to be fine. If you have a very high end guitar, this might not work. overallrating 5   lineend
name Yeemeister review this holds guitars very well.  it is quality.  I wish it was made in America.  I gave it to my church overallrating 5   lineend
name Kreature review just received the cable, it sounds clear, doesn't feel like it is made of the best materials, I just got this cable today so I can't really comment on how durable it is and how long it will last, so far I tend to believe it is a decent cable for the price, I don't use a microphone very often so this cable should last a while. so far it is working well, I would buy another one if I needed it, the price is right, overallrating 3   lineend
name Legend review  Should you need to connect a condenser microphone to a phantom power box so that it will work with an ordinary amplifier or mixer without phantom supply this is a good length for the link. overallrating 5   lineend
name Marty German review  I needed this balanced cable to connect a clip-on mic pickup for my acoustic guitar.It works perfectly and my recording are rich and full.Great price, too! overallrating 5   lineend
name Personne review My studio has powered monitors which require balanced inputs.  I purchased several of these cables at varying lengths and found them quite acceptable for this application.  I'm not sure I'd put them in my remote recording kit--they're not really heavy duty.  But for speakers or other static applications, they're just fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. READ review  Noise free cables with good connectors at an affordable price.I used them for acoustic drum microphones into a mixer without any problems. overallrating 5   lineend
name applegd07 review Give good crisp and live sound to my acoustic guitar. it is affordable and the material is solid enough that it can withstand abuse. overallrating 5   lineend
name bayou bob review should have paid a little more and i guess im spoiled with 2nd day...these have been ordered for a couple of weeks...you seem to wait forever to save a few bucks...i odered for some buddies and hear about it every day...hope they work when they do finally arrive..good luck overallrating 2   lineend
name Bienbenido Rodriguez review This was for a friend who needed a Guitar Capo. He hasn't had any problem with the capo yet. And the price was right. overallrating 5   lineend
name Boiler98 review This is a really strong capo.  The spring is very robust.  Well padded, and will not damage your instrument.  I have used it on guitars (electric and acoustic), banjo, and mandolin.  Takes some hand strength to open it, but you don't want a weak capo! overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris M. review Very pleased with timely arrival of the package.  Excited to use it with my new guitar, but after only two days of actual use it broke.  The plastic tension section just snapped off.  Very disappointed! overallrating 3   lineend
name Customer review I just got it today. Really tight because it's brand new, but it's really sturdy and solid. Nothing gimmicky or faulty, just perfect. overallrating 4   lineend
name Da Bean review  You have to get this cap on JUST right or the strings will buzz.  I think I'll keep this as a backup and get a better one for my every day use. overallrating 3   lineend
name Dakota Brown review If you're in the need for a guitar capo, then this is a pretty good offering. For it being pretty cheap, I had to get it. Shipping was fairly fast, and it's ready to use straight out of the package. :D overallrating 5   lineend
name David J. Huber review  It really has everything that one could ask for in a guitar capo - it's a quality well-made tool that isn't going to fall apart any time soon; it has a strong spring, so it grips the neck and strings quite solidly; and it's easy to open up and clamp on the neck.Can't really say anything more than that this really is a well-made capo that works just exactly and precisely as a capo is supposed to work.I love it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Drew review This capo will not work on a guitar with a thicker neck, for example a les paul or most acoustics. For thinner necks, like a strat or tele, it works ok, but has to be positioned just right to prevent string buzz. It's not the ole clip it and go capo I'm used to. I bought this to have a capo I could just leave clipped on my acoustic's head for use when needed. No dice. Neck too thick. It's a Washburn dreadnaught. We're not talking some funky 7 string jazz guitar.Bottom line: It's cheap as dirt and you can make it work if you don't mind having to place it just right. My advice, spend a few bucks more and buy one that's easy. overallrating 3   lineend
name EMIL D RUIAN review It does the job. The only problem is that it sticks out a little to far down underneath the guitar neck thus impeding the fingers from taking the right position for some of the chords. You slide it up and away, you might loose pressure on strings and your guitar will make funny noises especially if you use hard strings. For the money, it does the job ok. It's a good one for beginers like myself. overallrating 3   lineend
name GamerBoy review This Capo does what it needs to do, makes it sound great, and is a great price. There are times where the capo is a little big and the fingers can hit it but in general, it is probably the best capo there is for an acoustic guitar. It does not break, and is very sturdy. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ingrid Shelton review I was skeptical because of the price but these work great.  It is even large enough to use with my 12 String. overallrating 5   lineend
name Island Girl review This capo will do the job, if you can squeeze it open.  I'm hoping that leaving it on the headstock will lessen the spring tension. it is all I can do to open and place this on the guitar.  I cannot do it with one hand. overallrating 3   lineend
name Jinx Lee review As soon as put it on my guitar, I enjoyed the way it got the job done. My first concern was, Will this damage my guitar? The answer is NO. It is user friendly and guitar friendly. The price is so low, you should own at least one. No problems. Just music. At the most competitive price available. overallrating 5   lineend
name J review  This capo works fine, its strong and fits great on my Spanish or Steel string guitar, I wouldn't ask for something more overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe Bouler review I received this capo yesterday and it works perfectly on my acoustic guitar. It is styled very much like the Kyser capos but cost about one third of what you'd pay for a Kyser. It is made of aluminum, NOT ABS plastic as another reviewer suggested. The spring is plenty strong enough to hold down all 6 strings with no problems. The rubber pad is flat and this capo works well on guitars with a flat fret board. I don't know how well it would work on a guitar with a curved radius fret board. I'm thinking it may not hold the high and low review  . overallrating 5   lineend
name Johanna Livingstone review  As I am one of those \"forever beginners\" when it comes to playing a guitar I may not be able to tell you all that this capo does. The reason I ordered it is to hold my strings so I can set my guitar. I may play around with it to see what all it does.Good price, just as described! overallrating 5   lineend
name John S. review Capo serves me well and the spring mechanism has held up for a year now and does not show signs of deterioration. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Ralston review Capos ruin frets but i find them to be necessary.  This one has a very strong spring so I am hoping i lossens up with use. overallrating 3   lineend
name L. Ole'son review Came on time. Works Very good. Strong spring that good start. If needed I would buy another. For me and my son it works great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark A Williamson review I got this as it has a little different clamp handle design than another I bought earlier.  Like the black and it holds well.  This has been appropriated by my son who really likes it on his black guitar.  No problem as I bought one as a spare against emergency breakage. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mason K review I chose this capo because I was just starting out and needed one for certain songs. This was a cheap capo, but it does its job well. I have no complaints about it at all. overallrating 5   lineend
name M. Henry review Great product. Great price. Buy it.As a pro musician my entire teenage and adult life, I say, \"Ya, good capo\" overallrating 5   lineend
name Sakira Del Rosario review  The item came quickly and as decribed. It clamps on my acoustic just fine, no string buzz or damage to the neck so far. overallrating 5   lineend
name santos review good for any guitar even if it is plastic it feel really strong on your guitar neck, it is a really good buy overallrating 3   lineend
name TomVestal review Some say \"this capo work bad\" I have to ask \"are your guitar is good enough to use this capo?\" or \"are you know how to use capo?\"I'm more than 20 years of playing guitar. This capo is worth the price. Good quality and work great for not extream user (Are you nuts?). Best recomended quality and price. PS. May not for very big guitar neck! Enjoy! overallrating 5   lineend
name Tony Wall review I have bought 5 of these now for me and a few friends and they work great. I am sure they will wear out in time so I have a couple extras but you can't beat them. overallrating 5   lineend
name wapialo review it is an excellent backup capo.  I don't feel the spring is strong enough to do the proper job.  I use steel strings, perhaps it would be good for nylon strings.... overallrating 3   lineend
name Wes Caldwell review  Easy to use does a great job and comes off when you want it to, and does not scratch or harm guitar in any way. Great price as well. I got two of them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Zane V. Simon review Does the trick! I use it all the time and haven't had any issues with functionality or build quality. I'd recommend it over more expensive capos any day! Good purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam Rose review Very sturdy stand made to last a lifetime.  Easy enough to adjust and can hold a lot of weight.  Cannot go wrong with this one. overallrating 5   lineend
name AWB review This is a great stand.  In the past I have been plagued with light flimsy stands so decided to go for something that appeared solid and well made.  This one serves the bill.  I am impressed with the construction and so far it has been very stable.  It is not as handy to haul around as some of the more flimsy ones but the proof is what it does when it is in use.  I use it regularly for events and so far am very pleased. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian Tassina review  The music stand is quite sturdy and well made in my humble opinion. I needed a music stand that could support a note book of music I have assembled over the years. This was great. I added a clip on LED light as well. PERFECT :-) overallrating 5   lineend
name busdriver123 review Strong folds nice to bring it with you on a job. The price was right. May buy another for a spare. overallrating 5   lineend
name dgray5150 review I needed a good solid stand for my music while seated playing guitar.  solid- yes, adjusts to right height - YesIt is perfect! WELL WORTH EVERY PENNY. overallrating 5   lineend
name JF review  I was looking for something more solid than the usual fold up stand and this is it.  I can put a heavy notebook full of music on it and a lamp and a tray and more stuff and it is rock solid.  Very happy. overallrating 5   lineend
name Leonardo Lee review No complaints whatsoever.Product is a solid build and prices right.Knobs work well and the stand doesn't slip.Legs hold up pretty well also. overallrating 5   lineend
name Melodie S. review This was so perfect that we bought 2 more of them for our music at home! overallrating 5   lineend
name michaelht1 review nice wide lip, sturdy, appears to be well made and durable, nice finish on it, hopefully will last a long time overallrating 5   lineend
name Popper review Assembled the stand in seconds. It is very stable and solidly constructed. Should last a life-time. Very, very good value. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrew review Sounds disgusting. Very bright and clear highs, nothing beautiful in mids and totally muddy lows. Don't hope to take chords on it. Only on first 4 strings may be...Try out fender's mini amp if you're searching for a little thing, or but a bigger one. overallrating 2   lineend
name Applewhite Minyard review I bought this because I was going on a trip and needed an amp I could pack in my suitcase that would work with a battery.I had a similar amp before that died. The Honeytone is very compact, but looks cool and is very simple to operate, with just three controls, volume, tone and gain (distortion). I found that some level of distortion is necessary to have any volume. If you try playing clean, with no distortion, you'll be underpowered. The trick is to balance the gain and volume for your instrument and situation. I tried a regular electric guitar, a lap steel guitar, a slide guitar, an acoustic-electric guitar, an acoustic-electric mandolin and a silent banjo. I thought the acoustic guitar would overwhelm this little amp, but I was surprised that it added to the projection and wasn't bad on the tone. It has a handy belt clip and a useless little leather handle (just for looks). I am using it to play an electric instrument in jamming situations where everyone else is playing acoustic, and I can adjust my volume to blend in. I think a mike with an unbalanced output (1/4&#34; phone jack) would also work in here, for street corner singing, for instance, though I haven't tried that yet as all my mikes use XLR jacks and there would be the issue of a mike stand or a lapel or headphone mike with a phone jack output, which might be hard to find.Overall, I'm very pleased with this amp and it seems sturdy and reliable so far, and at $20, a bargain. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bon review I bought this to go with my Epiphone ukulele, for both myself and my grandson.  It's a good starter amp to see what your inexpensive ukulele or guitar sounds like with an amp.  For the price, it's good. overallrating 3   lineend
name D. Limbach review  If you have an acoustic/electric uke, this is an ideal companion if you take the uke to friends, beach, road trip, camping, etc. It's quite small, and easy to pack into a backpack or bag. It's not a great electric amp, but it does a surprisingly good job amplifying a uke. Use a 9-volt when you need it, or buy a 9v AC adapter to plug into an outlet. You can't find a better option on a budget, when fun and convenience is more important than audiophile-quality sound. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dr. Dale review I was rather skeptical of this little box amp, but it works great.  My acoustic gets a pretty hefty electric sound with the tone and overdrive adjustments!  Not sure how long the 9V battery will last, but the advantage of such a small box, with such a sound is worth a couple of batteries.  I have been playing on and off for the past three hours and it is just fine!  Well worth the money spent!  And it is small enough to fit right into the pocket of my guitar bag...one less thing to tote!  Looks really cool too! overallrating 5   lineend
name Eldude review I have to say this little guy packs a punch and for 20 bucks. I just needed something I could plug into that was super portable and cheap. Also this works well with an iPhone set up if you want to use some larger effects this little guy doesn't come with. Also this little guy doesn't gobble up 9volt batteries like other guitar gear tends to do. The only minor flaw is it's made out of plastic so if you need something more durable maybe get a solid state amp the plugs into a wall outlet....our buy two more of these, they are only 20 bucks. overallrating 5   lineend
name jayjustin review i like it as the stars say...great for around the house playing,but  lately i noticed it does cut out on me...when you strum it shuts down somrtimes,i am not sure if it is the battery or it just does not like the song i am playing...when you turn it back on it usally works fine...some other people have made the same discovery also...but for $20...i'm going to live with it,,has a belt clip if you want to look really silly playing...i just glued it to my pelvis!!! overallrating 4   lineend
name Jeffrey Riedy review Fun little rig. Needed something to play electric through headphones, and this offered me that plus a mini amp when needed. The sound quality is surprisingly hot. overallrating 4   lineend
name jr review This portable 9volt amp is pretty loud without sacrificing tone. It's way louder than a 9volt Fender mini Twin (which actually does incorporate two speakers), however when you dial in the gain all the way you get a crunch rather than full on distortion. It comes included with a 9volt and is compatible with most negative tip power adapters (make sure its 300mA like the Planetwaves adapter for $9 0). At $20 0 this amp is a deal! overallrating 5   lineend
name RS617 review A cute little monster that's surprisingly loud and versatile. I bought primarily for travel and I'm pleased with my purchase. Don't expect too much for $20 (it's all plastic) and you should be satisfied too. The amp comes with helpful instructions showing different tone settings (fuzz, twang, etc.). I also purchased the AC adaptor since these things typically eat batteries. overallrating 4   lineend
name Tommy B review In my opinion...This is the best amp in this category. I know people who have the Marshall and the Fender. I plugged into my little HoneyTone and I had the best sounding micro amp hands down. They were both amazed with the sound. They said \"well mine was only $45 and \"mine was only $40.\" Too bad so sad for them. I told them mine was $20. Since it doesn't say Marshall or Fender, I only had to pay 1/2 for a better sounding amp. If you are looking for an amp with 1 or 2 watts, and know what to expect from a micro, this amp does not disappoint overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayfinder review The HoneyTone is aptly named.  It has a long reputation for having excellent sound for its size. That reputation is earned.  It has double the volume of a portable amp I own that's twice its size.  The tone range is generous (from mellow to high treble).  From what I've seen and heard, the &#34;overdrive&#34; function is fairly useless in an amp this size.  It tends to go distortion to the point of garble.  My guess is specific guitars may work well with the overdrive, but I have no use for it as I prefer clear tones.  It is possible to over-volume the amp (as with any amp) so i don't max it out, but for a portable or practice amp, it works very well.  I've bought three of these now and plan to buy more.  I don't know as I'd pay $40 to $60 for it, but the Amazon price (currently around $20) makes it a great value.  I hope it's around at this price level for a long time as it's great for hobbyist projects or for box guitar amping. overallrating 5   lineend
name Big Daddy review  Ok, I'm surprised that this unit is now over $15 0.  I only spent $8.59 for this and I'm mad at myself.  It was cheap enough that I rolled the dice to see if I could get away with a decent product for CHEAP.  It feels solid, looks like a real direct box...but sounds like ass.  I couldn't believe that Pyle would put that much effort into a great \"fit and finish\" product, yet not put decent components inside.  This is the noisiest piece of crap I've ever used - I ended up buying another direct box (spent over $60 0).  Pyle has once again lived up to it's name, but they should finish the name properly and re-brand as \"Pyle of S   .\"Sorry folks, but I'd skip this one.  The 5-star ratings must be from employees.  The only reason I didnt' give it one star was because it was so cheap (Remember, I only spent $8.59), and I'm the one that pulled the trigger on the purchase.Live and learn.  Why would I think plugging a $2000 0 guitar into a cheap piece of crap was a good idea?  My fault. overallrating 2   lineend
name drummerboy review Seem to work well. Keep the ground switch selected, and it will do just fine. I have used different direct boxes and I recommend this one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Eric Leberg review I thought I was getting something that would boost/amplify the signal from my bass to the amp.  It didn't, but at it's cheap price it wasn't bad and I found other uses for it.  They make ones that will boost the signal, so if that's what you're looking for, be a careful consumer. overallrating 3   lineend
name H. Easter review I bought this because my band's primary PA mixer doesn't have high-impedance inputs for a guitar pickup, and I don't always want to bring my submixer for quick-change gigs. So, a small, cheap DI box seemed like a good solution.The PDC21 is a no-frills device. It converts a 1/4\" instrument cable (high Z) to a balanced/unbalanced 1/4\" or XLR (low Z) signal. It does a fine job. I don't notice it coloring the sound (i.e., it's not changing the balance of frequencies transmitted) although it does lower the volume somewhat. That's to be expected in a passive DI box, and it doesn't bother me.I'm using it with an LR Baggs M1A active soundhole pickup. The M1A spits out a fairly hot signal, and I don't have any problem with the signal loss associated with the PDC21. If I were using a passive pickup in my guitar, the results might be different.Bottom line: it's small, fairly light, seems durable, and it does a good job converting my active guitar signal to the XLR inputs our PA mixer requires. It does everything I wanted, and the price was right. I see no reason to go shopping for a more expensive one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jason Lewis review This passive DI-box is a great little tool that provides attenuation to interface a line or instrument output with a balanced microphone input.  Some notes on this box are that the 0db attenuation still has some attenuation.  The -20db attenuation sounded funny, but that is probably because I used the same equipment for all attenuation settings.  With each attenuation setting, I had to adjust the input volume accordingly.  This device also a some ground lift switch that can prevent ground loops.  All the devices that I tried this with did not have their own internal grounding, so I needed to have the ground come from the mixer.  I did get some hum when I would touch the case, just like I did with other DI-boxes.  This product worked very well for my needs. overallrating 5   lineend
name Marc LaBelle review  A loud hum will crescendo in every few minutes even if the ground is lifted.  Works great in intervals though, too bad those intervals are minutes. overallrating 1   lineend
name Markcm review  I bought 4 pcs of these at $8each shipped. These are very well constructed and function very well too. I am using these to tap the INSERTS from my mixer and send the signal to my M-audio Fast Track ultra for recording. By putting the 1/4\" TS partially in to the INSERT of my mixer (and most mixers) you can get a direct output without actually interupting the signal chain. The other end of the 1/4\" TS cable goes to the PDC21 and then I use the XLR output to connect to my Fast Track using either and XLR to XLR or and XLR to TRS cable. My Fast Track did not like something about the signal level when I fed it directly from the mixer but with the PDC21 between the mixer and FTU, it works fantastic. This is for refernce recording in our jam-space, not studio recording; it works great for this application.I have also used this as a DI box for guitar, all of my gear is middle of the line (not junk but not super high-end), I don't notice any tone-sucking in my \"jam-space\" application.I would definately buy more. overallrating 5   lineend
name Papa review It stopped working after 2 gigs. I'm not sure why, but it is very frustrating. I guess you get what you pay for here. overallrating 1   lineend
name Smoothbassman review Grabbed a handful of these units to bolster up my recording kit this year.  I got three single channels and two dual channel units.Set them up for the keyboard player (Dual Channel), bass, and guitar player DI's plus one from a DI output on a effects module that were all on stage and connected them into my snake running to the back of the venue.Crystal clear sound from all 4 units straight into a recording mixing console.  I was impressed.Not one pop, hiss, crack or anything from these units all night.  Even was able to adjust the pad setting on the guitar and bass to cut the signal a bit so I didn't have to use so much compression to keep the signal from clipping going to the recording.No telling how long these units will last, but for the price, who cares, just buy another one and move on.Check out how these boxes sound on the Band's YouTube page @ GerrellTheBand to hear the sound coming from these units.  Near studio quality. overallrating 5   lineend
name walter goodwyn review this box is what i have been missing out of my setup. always getting the question,&#34;Can i hook my keyboard into your sound board&#34;. Feel good to say that now I have the capability now overallrating 4   lineend
name Wesley Newell review Can't say much more than the description.  It's a cheap box that works.  Nothing fancy and not for everyone.  If you just need a box that is cheap this is it. overallrating 5   lineend
name bk from the states review  I've bought several pairs of these for my guitars and no complaints yet.  They all work flawlessly.  I'll definitely buy more and highly recommend them.  Just like Schaller but Fender branded and cheaper (Asian made). overallrating 5   lineend
name Cyrus Cathey review  Tested by the guitar mags to be the best strap lock available.  These are basically the same as Schaller strap locks.  They cost less money and I think the parts are interchangeable.  It is still best to keep them seperated as to their original manufacturer (disclaimer.)  I know that the Fender buttons will work in the Schaller strap portion of the lock. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dan B. review As a new guitar player I have a lot to learn, and after nearly dropping my guitar twice in about 15 minutes because the strap sliding off the pegs research was needed.  Based on reviews here and other sites I ordered these.  Arrived quickly, extremely easy to install and work as advertised.  Would buy these again if/when I acquire new guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gilberto Moreno review  Actually they're not fender, they are Schaller, but that is really good!. Looks great in my Fender Squier. Highly recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name Gustavo Posada review Got a vintage instrument you don't ever want to see hitting the floor... well, here are is the long term 100% secure solution! overallrating 5   lineend
name H18 review They seem the same but the original schallers that came with my tele deluxe 2008 are bigger and stronger for the lack of a better word, still a good buy overallrating 4   lineend
name HLB review  Our family of 2 guitarists and 1 bassist switched to these style locks about a year ago.  Every one of us has had continual problems with the locks periodically unscrewing themselves from the guitar body. I had one back out during a gig and damage a brand new 60th Anniversary American P-Bass...not good. My son had one come out on him in the middle of a gig last weekend.The problem with the design is there's a ton of friction between the top and bottom pieces of the lock which results in the tab that's screwed into the body unscrewing itself.  We've tried applying bar soap, petro jelly, and a spray can based dry lubricant.... none of which prevented the ultimate forces that cause this phenomenon.We are switching to the Dunlop style locks as that design incorporates ball bearings which allows the strap to rotate freely back and forth with next to zero 'unscrewing' force.We tried to make the Fender/Shallers work but just could not.  Maybe we're all too active on stage but we cannot tolerate the equipment damage nor the performance distruptions these have caused us. overallrating 1   lineend
name Home in NJ review If you play a lot you have to install these on all your guitars and straps. Easy to use and very secure. No fear of the strap coming loose and having your guitar drop to the floor. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeffrey A. Hawkins review  There is a lot to think about with a strap lock... Is it 100% sturdy? 100% reliable? Does the design put undue stress or wear on the guitar? Can it fit in a case, or does it make you take the strap off every time you put your guitar away?The Fender-Schaller design covers all of these bases well. I believe it is 100% sturdy and reliable. Unlike it's Dunlop competition, the stress on the guitar is roughly equivalent to plain strap buttons. It will not fit in all cases, but will fit in many.I've switched over to this design and couldn't be happier with it.NOTE: I advise using a crescent wrench and a socket to tighten the nut. One always wants to avoid over-tightening, but the risk of under-tightening is high without proper leverage. If you don't really tighten the nut down, you are likely to have things fall apart while playing some day. overallrating 5   lineend
name jr review I bought one of those padded Fender leather straps (it says FS1 CANADIAN leather on the back). I thought these Fender strap locks would complement the strap, but because of the padding the thread on the strap-lock wasn't high enough for the nut to reach. I finally got the nut to get a hold of the top of the thread and although it works I don't trust that its enough. If you have a padded leather strap I don't recommend these. overallrating 4   lineend
name JuanKiDaz review This straplock set doesn't come with any instructions, that's because it's so easy you don't need them! Took the original screws off my Fender Strat, set the button, screws and felt washer together and quickly screwed it in. Afterwards screwed the lock into myGibson Lightning Bolt Style 2 Inch Safety Guitar Strap, Jet Blackwithout any problem whatsoever and it was ready!It is a quite simple mechanism but it shows that the button and lock won't come loose by accident by any chance. Still haven't given it a real gig test but by hanging it for a couple minutes I can tell I made the right purchase. Way recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name MAURICIO S TAVARES review This is a very good strap lock system. i put it on my wolfgang guitar and it locked very properly my strap. recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Brown review This was a filler item for a much larger order.  I am very interested in the Straplocks, so I decided to give them a try.  I sincerely like the concept. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Luhring review Easy to install, I used the guitars existing strap button screws.Straplocks came with black & white felt, that's a nice touch. I think black looks better with my guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name StevenEddy review  Look just like Schaler branded parts without the Schaler brand name stamped on them - there is a little Fender logo on the bottom - real cool.These strap locks are the greatest - they work perfectly every time and will survive years of on the road abuse. I have carried an extra set with me in my case in the event that I broke one - but this has never happened.Touring, bar bands, garage bands or bedroom heroes all need these strap locks on every guitar and strap they own. And since the guitar isn't hanging by the hole in the strap the strap lasts years longer. overallrating 5   lineend
name BRIAN HICKS review This Behringer box is a very good tool, effect I would recommend to anyone from beginner to pro. One thing should be noted the light is amber not blue and no 9 volt battery is required. The device comes with a removable power cord, which  to me is a big plus. overallrating 5   lineend
name Johnny Guitar review  This pedal is \"ok\" by which I mean, I provides the basic functions it says it does. Quality-wise, it feels a bit cheapish....I was afraid I was going to snap a pot off or something while playing it. The case is metal but feels like the thinnest sheet metal they could get away with building it from. The power switch and chorus/vibrato switch were clearly the cheapest switches they could find, and are not that easily accessible by a toe...you gotta bend over and flip those. They are small.On the other hand it was only sixty-nine-bucks - relatively inexpensive for a multifunction effect pedal.I don't care for the rear facing upwardly angled input, output and power jacks. That's not pedal board friendly in my opinion. Nice as a tabletop effect. The footprint is fairly huge on the board at about 7.75\" x 6.5\" (approx). The \"standard\" 9V center negative power supply is a \"postive\" (excuse my pun.)If you are looking for a way to play with signal modulation - echos, vibratos, reverbs, old style choruses...this is not a bad way to get started playing with that. You can make a lot of sounds without breaking the bank.Personally, I have other effects that make these sounds and do it in a smaller space, so for me...not a keeper. Your situation might be different than mine.Not a bad product, acceptable at it's price point, just didn't impress me much. overallrating 3   lineend
name Kim K. review When you purchase this product the advertisement leads you to believe a separate power supply is required but it does come with its own power supply.  There is no need to purchase a separate Behringer PSU-SB.Otherwise the time machine works fine, as described. overallrating 4   lineend
name Sabrehagn review I really like this delay. It's simple and works well. I really am starting to love Behringer. Great pedal for a great price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sphinx90 review This is an awesome analog echo effect. Very similar to a EHX Memory Man it does it all. The only complaint is the pots have limited function unlike the MM so instead of a lot of play on some of the knobs you have a very little bit of play which can be annoying. Other than that for the price its just awesome. overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam Mohr review Well 3 hours to put together got tiring and annoying as things tend to fall a part..however as a standalone items it is great with good sounds and groove tracks to practice drumming on..However I am not a drummer nor have any interest in becoming one..I bought this in order to use with software recording for basic beats to fit my own songs..and it is a NIGHTMAREGoing on a week now no support help from either company..HEED MY WARNING IF YOU WANT TO USE THIS WITH NI, EZ DRUMMER OR OTHER PROGRAMS LIKE THAT YOU MUST KNOW HOW TO REROUTE MAPPING OF MIDI IN ORDER TO USE IT. This is not a plug and play item you will spend hours of your time trying to get this to work with software...There is very little helpful info out on the net i've owned this for over a week and still never used it for its purpose yet being that its a stand alone item..there really is no MIDI support..Im am close to giving up the fight and sending it back.Alesis could have made this an amazing item and 1000 times easier if they simply created a midi out port on the module you could run into your daw and software.. overallrating 2   lineend
name frankp93 review  s give an adequate overview of the kit and its potential so I'll just mention particular details: The kick pedal spring tension was set too tight, making the pedal hard to control and very frustrating to a beginner. Fortunately the thumbscrew and nut adjustment is easy and made a tremendous improvement in feel and control.The documentation is poor and, inexcusably, there's nothing better available online from Alesis: The steps in the graphical setup page are less than ideal for a single person assembly. The kit allows for tremendous flexibility in positioning the pads horizontally and vertically, yet you're pretty much left on your own to discover this. Experienced drummers will know what they want but I would have appreciated a suggested basic setup showing common variations.The control module's buttons and operation are described but there's no detailed guide to the preset kits or selectable pad patches. You'll just have to hear them and jot down your own notes.There seems to be an ongoing controversy over a firmware update to the controller module - whether it fixes an issue with the snare drum pad responsiveness when struck simultaneously with the hi hat, or is in fact the cause of an issue with the pad. I've noticed no such problem and, as of this date, Alesis has no such update on their site, which leads me to suspect their former patch may have been bad and/or they've updated units currently being sold.Speaking of the snare, the second outer zone for rimshots is nice but I can only get it to trigger while sticking from the outside. The technique of laying the stick flat across the head and lifting one end doesn't seem to trigger the rimshot (or perhaps I just haven't worked out the touch yet).I'm interested in a natural sound, probably close to a classic jazz kit, and a couple of the presets work for me. I also have Battery 3 and using the kit to trigger those samples opens up vast possibilities. Still, most of the time I just want to sit down and play and don't want to bother firing up the PC and loading software so it's nice to have two workable options. The headphone volume could be louder but running it into powered speakers and taking a headphone out from them solves that issue.Keeping the pads clean is easy with two soft lint-free cloths. Dampen one with a little warm water (wring it out well) and use a light circular motion to remove dust and dirt, then wipe gently with the dry cloth to take up any residue.This is my first experience with an electronic kit and, as others have mentioned, the sensation really is fundamentally different from an acoustic instrument, particularly when striking the cymbal pads. It takes awhile to mentally balance the soft thud or click (depending on which surface you strike) from outside the headphones with the sampled drum sound within. I wasn't sure I liked it for the first couple of weeks (meaning I probably didn't) but I've gotten used to it and have gradually begun to relate to the DM6 on its own terms, not as an imitation of an acoustic drum kit, but as something else with its own special characteristics. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jason Maitlen review For the money it costs it worth it. The construction seems good (especially the kick drum pedal), but the brains leave a little to be desired, although it's very functional. The biggest complaint I have is that it only has 1/8&#34; stereo out and 1/8&#34; headphones out. Really should be 1/4&#34; mono or stereo. I bought a separate plug to allow this so I could put it into my mixer and I'm good. overallrating 4   lineend
name Shane Windham review  I'll try to keep this succinct and say only what needs said. Setup was fairly easy (although the instructions were downright cryptic). The adjustability is wonderful. And the kit looks phenomenal out of the box. That being said, one of my toms is nowhere near as responsive as the rest of them (I'll soon contact the company for a replacement), the cymbals are not intuitive to strike placement (you only get the secondary cymbal tone when you strike it very hard, and even then it's no guarantee), and I'm guessing, due to their close proximity to each other and the sensitivity of the pads, the snare often activates when I strike the hi-hat. At first glance, the different tone kits don't bring much to the table. But there is a wide range of personalization available when you begin to dig deeper into the controls. To a small extent, I've even been able to cover up the less-than-responsive tom by lowering the volume on all the other pieces. My only other complaint is that the bass drum doesn't bring much to the table. It sounds more like a flat tom than a bass pedal.In short; this kit was somewhat defective out of the box. But it's still fun to use. So, unless you plan to record with your electronic kit, I'd recommend this product as a fun musical toy. But it's certainly not up to par with some of the more expensive kits I've used. And recording with this kit would likely be a nightmare. overallrating 3   lineend
name Wyoming Eagle review I am a beginner and wanted a set that I can learn on, but would also allow me to experiment with other percussion instruments besides a rock drum set and would take a small amount of room and allow low volume levels.  I've had this set for about a month and a half.  So far, it is working well for me.  The rubber drum and cymbal surfaces are great for keeping the volume low enough when playing late at night.  Each drum and cymbal seem to have sweet spots where I imaging the triggers are.  Depending on the devise, hitting further from this sweet spot might change the sound and/or volume produced.  The impression I get is that most electronic drum sets have some kind of problem or another, so it seems to be whether the problem(s) are something you can live with or not.  Also, you can't play with the same nuance and control as an acoustic set, but for the price it goes a long way to making it seem real enough that I can enjoy it and feel like I'm learning the drums.  It takes up very little space compared to an acoustic set which is great for me since I have little room for it.  There are a few problems that I'm not likely to encounter until I become really accomplished.  One is that when playing the snare rim shot and either the hi-hat or tom 1 simultaneously, one or the other will not trigger a sound to occur about half the time.  I found this out when playing these combinations rapidly, which I'm not likely to do maybe ever.  But it is still an error in functionality.  I called Alesis and they said this was a common characteristic of this model drum set.  There is a firmware update that has been mentioned in earlier reviews that I, but it didn't make any difference.  In summary, for the price and my needs, I am very pleased with this drum set.  More expensive sets with more sounds and better nuance control don't have the rubber surfaces that I want, plus, according to reviews they all seem to have problems of some type so spending more money doesn't necessarily eliminate problems. overallrating 4   lineend
name B:D review I agree with those reviewers who really like this pickup. It has a very natural sound, is reliable and amazingly strong. The suction cup issue is easy to solve, it just needs to be a bit humid and it will stay well. I also bought (for comparison) the Cherub WCP-60G, which is not bad but has much more of an unnatural metallic sound, plus it seems more feedback-prone than the AXL. I can only recommend, if you have a nice classical guitar and want to amplify it with true sound, the AXL is an excellent and inexpensive solution. I doubt that the $200 stuff is much better. overallrating 5   lineend
name Beach Panda review Got it right b4 x'mas, thanks Amazon!It is one of the best value I have purchased.  Suction design is great for any size of string instruments, uke, small soundholded guitars, or acoustic guitars. Thanks for the previous viewers' tip to moisture the suction b4 pressuring on the surface of the guitar that next to the bridge.  It stays great and pickups perfectly without any unwanted noise from the pickup wire itself (recently have bought another one does).  great value and quality for $11 i spent ever. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bienbenido Rodriguez review I bought this for a friend who plays the guitar. He said that you can hear the guitar but barely. overallrating 4   lineend
name Captn' Bob review It does not stick on to the guitar very well.  Trying some of the other reviews as to ways to get it to stick worked but I now have a small circle in the finish of my Martin.  I made mistake of attaching so wife could play Rocksmith and now wish I had used cheaper guitar or better yet, bought a better pickup. overallrating 2   lineend
name Jeremy Hurst review Works really well with all of my stringed acoustic instruments It has a good clean sound and I think for the price you can not go wrong. overallrating 4   lineend
name L. Su review  the suction cup does not work. it looks like aged. it's very hard with room temp 70F. I removed the rubber suction cup and I have to use a big paper clipper to secure it on the sound hole edge. it picks up sound OK, but not great. overallrating 2   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I bought this to try out on my baritone uke.It works great and is very easy to use.I use it with my Fender Mustang.I had no problem with the suction cup except on the rougher face of my Martin DX1.I was able to attach it to the smoother HPL back and sides using the suction cup.I wet it before attaching.You could also use a small clamp, blue painters tape, etc., for trouble mounting.It could be used on just about any instrument.  Some may need a clamp.It picks up anything it is attached to.It will feed back depending on how close and the angle to the amp.Pretty cool.Nice price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I bought this pickup for placement in two ukeleles I own.The first ukelele was a Lanakai LU-21.  It installed pretty easily, except the adhesive lost its adhesion after I moved the pickup to a new location within the soundbox.  I need to get some stronger carpet tape or new adhesive to secure it more permanently in its new location.  It sounded great though -- several people commented on how loud and sweet the instrument sounded through a guitar amplifer and also through a mixer, amp and PA system.  We did have to boost the gain on the mixer significantly to get adequate volume, but we were able to project enough sound to do a dance for about 100 people.  Straight into a guitar amp, it gave plenty of volume.Happy with the results, I then installed a second one in a Mahalo painted/economy ukelele available here on Amazon.  The installation went well except the endpin jack wouldn't \"stay put\" in the sound hole.  On my Lanakai this was not a problem -- there is a ragged washer which goes on the inside of the endpin jack which is supposed to bite into the wood on the inside of the instrument.  It is supposed to stop the endpin jack from turning when you screw on a strap pin/bolt onto the endpin jack from the outside of the instrument.  On the Lanakai, this ragged-edged washer bit into the softer mahogany-like wood easily and did its job very well.  On the Mahalo, which is a smooth maple or pine, the ragged washer couldn't bite into the wood.  As a result, the endpin jack turned and turned when I tried to screw on the outer bolt/strap button and never went on tight enough.  I had to put masking tape around the end pin jack to make it fit snugly in the hole I created in the end block of the ukelele.  THEN there was enough resistance to allow me to install the strap button/end bolt very tightly.My biggest beef with this unit is the fact that it takes a 15/32 hole to fit it snugly in the ukelele.  This is an odd size, so you end up using a 7/16 drill bit which is common in most handyman drill bit sets.  Because this is too small, you have to make the hole 1/32\" larger by whatever means you have available.  This was an agonizingly slow process when I tried to do it by hand, using a dowel with sandpaper wrapped around it.  A peg-hole reamer might have done a better job, but I didn't have one.So, I eventually found a dowel and glued some sandpaper to it, shoved it in my drill press, and slowly lifted my 7/16\" hole in the ukelele into the spinning sanpaper dowel.  This took care of the sizing problem in a matter of seconds, although it was not a really tight fit, and necessitated the use of masking tape around the endpin jack in the Mahalo to stablize it in the hole.Also, the directions don't tell you much about the placement of the 3 nuts, 2 flat washers, ragged washer, and strap button/bolt that goes on the end of the jack.  I did it his way, starting from the inside of the ukelele:(Bolt1-Bolt2-thin washer-ragged washer)-- WALL OF THE UKELELE -- (outer thick washer, outer bolt3, outer strap pin/bolt).  The purpose of bolt1 is to stabilize bolt2.  This sequence of pieces worked on both instruments in which I installed the pickup.Overall, when played through different guitar amps, as well as a mixer/amp/PA system, I was pleased with the results of this unit in a ukelele.  I would buy another if I needed to amplify yet another accoustic instrument. overallrating 5   lineend
name Anne Brody review I am not going to say this pickup is the best thing since sliced bread, but it is built solidly and built to last. It is simple, practical, and cheap. There are obvious advantages and disadvantages to that. You don't buy $150 0 pickup for a $200-$300 instrument. Being able to plug in and be self-sufficient (in most rooms, especially at open mics) is easier and better than relying on a mic, especially for beginners, because it takes skill and discipline to stay within the mic's sweet spot. Also, some rooms/PA's/hosts do not work well when trying to mic an instrument. At least a pickup like this has the potential for keeping the sound front and center. (I will experiment with different instruments & write more about the quality later.)That said, there is only one piezo element, unlike a K&K; pickup, for example. So it is limited in giving you optimal sound, no matter where it is placed. Also, in case you cannot tell from the image, the soldering connection and wires are exposed on the jack, so it can only be used inside your instrument, which means drilling a hole. overallrating 4   lineend
name bradley review I know when I ordered it, I was buying a cheap device, and didn't expect it to be great.  It works. That should be enough, but amazon requires a certain number of words. overallrating 3   lineend
name Cabbott review Very authentic sound reproduction. Simple to install but be aware that the instructions are not very clear. The threaded end is 'holed' so you can hook it with a wire to pull it into position on the tailstock. You'll never get your arm in there far enough. LOLYou will need a 15/32nd drill bit to complete the install. overallrating 5   lineend
name Damien Esmond review I was considering a $100  K&K pickup to amplify a $40 pawn shop guitar I have grown fond of,  I bought it to take to the beach and camping, places where I would be too nervouse to bring my expensive guitar.  I couldnt justify spending over double for a pickup than I did for the guitar so I bought this and am glad I did.  Arrived in one day, and I first experimented with different placements using the double sided adhesive  that came with it on the outside of the guitar, plugged my cord into it un-installed and played around for 20 minutes,  you'll notice a huge difference in sound from inch to inch.  Found a sweet spot near area &#34;2&#34; on the weak instructions.  I drilled my hole using a straigh bit because my end pin was screwed into a mahoghany block almost 1&#34; thick,  I didnt want a tapered hole from a reamer,  I wated a straight hole.  As others have noted,  it was impossible to fit my arm through the soundhole, so I inserted a philips screwdriver through the end pin hole,  and slid the jack onto the tip of the screwdriver to help guide it out through the hole after first slipping on the plain washer and then the friction washer with the little teeth to dig into the wood and hold.  Because you cant reach in there and hold the jack steady while tightening the outer nuts,  they give you holes through the threaded jack (very easy to go un-noticed)  I was able to spin the washer and nut on the threaded end,  and secure them by holding the threaded portion from spinning with an ice pick or awlinsde the jack through one of the small holes while I tightened the nut firmly.  Took 3 trys before I had it adjusted to the perfect length so that when I spun the nice little finishing cap on over the threads,  it tightened down just right with the threaded portion flush with the cap for a neat appearance.  Too much and it sticks out,  too little and theres not enough thread to tighten this cap on,  you adjust the length of the installed jack with the nut on the inside of the guitar,  theres plenty of threaded jack there to accomodate any thickness of the block of wood at the tail of the guitar where the 2 sides meet.  Plugged into my fender acoustasonic 30 and Wow was blown away by the sweet sound, I am so glad I saved a ton of money!  Ordered 2 more for my other guitars,  Even one for my nylon stringed acoustic since the pickup is not magnetic.  I will say this the output is very low, nessesitating that I turn up my amp to almost 10 to fill my livingroom,  this would not work for playing out without a preamp,  but I like that theres no battery,  and I plan to buy a strap mounted external preamp that I can economize and use one preamp for my 4 guitars rather then installing 4 preamp equipped pickups in all my guitars at $100+ each!  Terrific bargain for the price!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name J.E.S. review So i decided to amplify my Martin Dreadnaught (a really, really nice acoustic guitar). I didn't want to spend a lot if it just wouldn't sound good with a pickup, and saw this had consistently good ratings. I can't speak for other acoustic pickups, but this far exceeded my expectations, and I don't plan on buying a more expensive piezo, or soundhole pickup.ATTACHING ITUnfortunately the narrow portion of the barrel is not long enough to fit through the end/tail block; and I didn't want to drill a new hole in my not-so-cheap guitar just to test out a relatively cheap pickup.So I attached the pickup in the regular position inside the body behind the bridge, and just ran the cable out from the sound hole. The jack is held onto the pickguard with some scotch outdoor mounting tape (which is kind of like really strong gum, it can be removed without leaving sticky residue); which holds it in place well enough to plug in a cable and move around as long as I don't jerk the guitar quickly.SOUND QUALITYI plugged it into my cheap, regular guitar amp, and whoa! The package mentions two locations you can place the pickup, and because I needed to run it through the sound hole, I could only place it where more treble is picked up. So I have to compensate on my amp by turning down the treble to 7 or lowerBecause the pickup is a transducer, no electrical feedback/interference is picked up, so the sound will be very clear and crisp. It would probably sound even better on an amp with better electric shielding; the only noise I get even at max gain, max input volume, is from the amp itself, heard with every instrument I plug into it if I turn the master volume up too high.Another thing to consider is that transducers pickup vibrations, so it won't pick up sound when placed a millimeter away from the guitar body, but will when touching it. So with that in mind, the pickup will strongly output every sound you make to the guitar body; like it brushing up against your body, a zipper hitting the guitar, your fingers sliding on the strings etc. overallrating 5   lineend
name Johanna Soliday review This pickup is pretty good at lower volumes. But it becomes a feedback nightmare at higher volume. The pickup is very, over sensitive.Also, spend some time where exactly you place the pickup, it makes a big difference! Try to put it near a solid part of the instrument so it does not pickup so much and make the cound like the bottom of a cave or something. overallrating 3   lineend
name Josiah Springman review I bought this as a cheap way to amplify my acoustic. Learned my lesson. Should of just forked over the money for an a/e. I have a Yamaha F335 I really like. I say someone take a piezo transducer to amplify his guitar so I thought I'd try it. I first picked up a transducer for about $3 and experimented. I like it, sounded good then I saw this from Axl and I thought I'd try it. Installing it wasn't bad except I bought a set of drill bits I didn't need for $10. So I got it installed and plugged it in and from the start the sound was alright. I just wanted it for playing around at home so I didn't need real great sound quality. But sound was ok except it picks up every bang and knock especially my planet waves I think quick connect strap connector. My other complaint is I couldn't turn it up too loud without the feedback screeching. Overall product quality is good. Setup was ok. Price was good. Sound in my opinion needs some tweaking. overallrating 2   lineend
name Marty German review  I first installed one of these in a new 'laminated' guitar, to test it and I was truly blown away by the quality of the sound! I had purchased this guitar for practicing during our cold and dry, New England winter!The sound was so good that I ended up putting another one into my prized, 1973 Guild Madeira (built in Japan!). This guitar sounds much better than the laminated Fender does and this pickup reproduces it accurately through my Fender amplifier's 'clean' setting.I tried attaching the pickups in various positions but found that I liked the sound the best when the pickup was attached slightly below, towards the bottom of the guitar and slightly favoring the treble strings side of the bridge, just off center in the lower X-bracing.YouTube has several good installation videos that show you exactly how-to install an acoustic pickup such as this one.I've used these pickups now to record several of my favorite guitar pieces. It's wonderful, no longer having to keep the guitar perfectly still with relations to an external, stand mounted microphone!If you wish to record your acoustic guitar, this is an effective and very inexpensive solution for that! overallrating 5   lineend
name Micheal D. Prater review  The fact that it is passive really kills it. I just could not get any sound out of it, I tried multiple placements. I finally just bought a guitar with a pickup in it. Not worth the money, or the extra hole in your guitar. overallrating 2   lineend
name R. W. Milyard review  I have a lot of guitars and do all the work on them myself.A couple of secrets to installing the mike pickup:After you drill the hole, and are trying to figure out just how to get thejack into place from the inside of the guitar, do this;Get a guitar/patch cable and run it through the hole you just drilled until you can grab it throughthe sound hole. jack into the AXL and then pull it out the hole using your cable. You may have to dothis a couple of times to get the jam nuts set for the right depth, so having a way to make this processeasier is a big help. Also, I did not use the giant endpin collar that came with the assy, as it just takesup a lot of thread space to accomplish nothing.Finding a sweet spot on smaller guitars/ukulele/mandolin's can be close to impossible because the soundhole is actually so small, you can't get your hand in, and finger length is as far as you can go, so in most cases, go in the direction of the low E string side as this is what is typically lacking on the smaller instruments unless you have Jimi Hendrix hands and in that case, congratulations.Finally, on Travel guitars; GET RID OF THE GIANT STRINGS THAT COME ON SOME OF THESE THINGS!My SX traveller came in with 11-54's and I could not even hear the low E string. I had an old set of electric 10-46's I took off of a BB King Lucille, and just for the heck of it swapped them out; Man what a difference; actually so much difference that I really didn't need the AXL I just installed even though it's a fun addition.As far as an amp, I have a little HoneyTone that has been feeling out of place alongside my very large amp arsenal, and just may have found a home, as it is about as small as you can get to go along with the Travel guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name timhief review This is a hit-or-miss product.  For me it fell short but for others it seems to work very well.  It's not a total loss since I can reuse the endpin jack with the soundhole solution I ended up with.  It was cheap enough that it was worth taking a chance on. overallrating 2   lineend
name Charles Casterline review The Taylor strap is very nice and works like a strap should. You will notice that it does not slip around once over the shoulder like the nylon cheap straps do. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Villella review  I bought this to complement a 414ce-LTD (Fall 2011) guitar, and wanted to have something that would last a long time, and provide a nice suede feel to keep the strap from sliding around on my shoulder.It took a little bit to get the hole over the butt peg of the guitar - it almost seemed the slit they cut was too small. After working at it a few minutes, I got it to fit, and it wore really nicely once I got the length where I wanted. Taking it on/off the guitar isn't too much trouble, but over the past few months the bottom slit has stretched a little more - enough to make it easier to get it on. I'm glad that it came a little tighter initially - the leather stretches over time, and it's clear they had that in mind when they make these. The quality is excellent, and I'm buying another one to go with my 12-string Taylor. overallrating 4   lineend
name Leonardo Lee review I bought this strap for my Taylor guitar.It's a fine strap that feels really comfortable and soft.As it says, it is made to fit well on Taylor guitars but can fit in any other guitar as well.The color is pretty much the same as the picture posted.Highly recommended overallrating 5   lineend
name Rytetone review Nice to see something well made for a change.  Most guitar straps I see that are less than $80 0 are all cheap and that fake stuff. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tabasco24 review  This strap is genuine suede leather, so it is really comfortable and has lots of friction, so no sliding around on my shoulders while I'm playing. It's plenty long for any guitar size or shoulder width, and adjusting is just like most leather straps. Taylor logo makes it look good and official.Nothing bad to say about this strap. overallrating 5   lineend
name Drew review I've been using primarily Alchemy strings for years but just got tired of spending so much for them. I figured I'd try some others at half the price and see if any stack up.These were the first to go on, and they were a HUGE step down from what I had on. The strings I took off were probably two months old an had spots of corrosion on the high E string. They were twice as loud as these. When you take these out of the pack, they sort of flop out like wet spaghetti. They don't do the fast unravel thing that strings typically do. The cons definitely outweigh the pros here.Pros:-Very flexible, string bends are easy-Easy on the fingersCons:-The most dull sound of any strings I've ever heard. Especially on the low end. They're dreadfully lacking in rich low end sound. The highs are very tinny. Almost sounds like a bad recording.-Your fingers stick when you try to slide down the strings. It's the weirdest thing. This is especially true for the G string. It's hard to explain, but it's kind of like rubbing against something really clean, where your hand does that skipping sort of rub and there's tons of squeak to boot. Anyways, it sucks. Grip is the last thing you want on your strings.Bottom line: Unless you have some wicked arthritis and just have to have super easy to bend strings, these should not be purchased. I'll never buy again. This is the first time in my life I wanted to change brand new strings. overallrating 2   lineend
name JerryWithaJ review The reason they are called silk and phosphor is that the wound strings have silk along with steel in their cores (the wire around which the windings are wound) rather than just steel.  This allows them to tune to pitch with less tension, so they can be the ideal string for a beginner or someone who is moving from nylon.  There are also silk and steel strings with silver plated copper windings.  The lower tensions and light gauges mean that they may not drive some guitar tops hard enough to let them perform up to their capability.  That is, they may sound soft and cheap.  I would not put them on most Martin dreadnoughts, for example.  But they may work fine on lightly braced guitars. The only way to find out for sure is to experiment.These are an experiment for me, I usually use silk-and-steel on my guitar banjo, it was time to change strings, and I stumbled across these.  I'll have to see where things settle down, but so far I'm willing to give these silk-and-phosphor the nod over silk-and-steel.  The sound is a bit brighter.  My music partner says she prefers the way these silk-and-phosphor blend with her fiddle.This is so \"out there\" that I won't let it influence my rating.  My guitar-banjo's tailpiece has small holes through which the strings must pass.  The ends of the windings at the bottoms of the bare steel 1st and 2nd strings stick out a bit, so I had trouble putting them on.  I was able to use a fine wire cutter to nip the end of the 1st string, but it didn't work for the 2nd string.  I ended up using a D'Addario string of the same gauge in its place.  Admittedly, it was a tight fit, but I was able to put it on without working on it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Marty German review  What's not to love about these strings? The sound is fantastic ... they ring like they should. But my fret hand no longer gets tired after playing all night long. overallrating 5   lineend
name MJK review These sound and feel good but nothing spectacular to report.Had to make adjustments to eliminate buzzing.They sound OK overallrating 3   lineend
name Seph review I have recently been itching to buy a classical guitar, as that's what I learned on as a child. I can't afford it at the moment, so I decided to give these a shot.These do not turn your steel string into a classical guitar by any stretch of the imagination. I didn't expect them to - but a guy can dream, can't he?Anyway, what they did provide was very warm and clear sound to my normally overly-bright Takamine. It also helped with the rather high action. They play and sound softer. It's almost like having a new guitar.During the stringing/stretching process I broke the G string (go easy, they are silk after all) and so had to use a standard bronze replacement. I asked my non-music oriented girlfriend if she could pick out the 'oddball' string and she got it right on the first try.. that's how much of a difference these strings make. They sound less 'metallic' - that may sound obvious but my point is that it's a big difference, enough for her untrained ears to hear.I'm still saving up for a classical, but I really love these strings, and will be using them on my Tak going forward. overallrating 5   lineend
name TerranautX review  These strings are so soft to the touch that they almost feel like \"flat-wound\" acoustic guitar strings. When you uncoil them out of the wrapper they don't spring out like most other strings but sort of flop out like a string string instead of a wire wrapped in wire. They sound wonderful but I swear the feel easier to play and I was doing things with them I usually am pretty clumsy at with my mitts. They won't last as long as coateds of course but they have a depth and a character all their own worth checking out and you may find, like me, that it's worth going back to changing them out every few weeks to get the fresh sound. If you're really an acoustic guitar aficionado, you'll want to try these. The almost play themselves IMO. And that makes me want to play twice as long. overallrating 5   lineend
name A Conrad review  Pack of 10 guitar picks - check\"Meet the Beatles\" theme - checkRetail packaging - checkTwo-day delivery (got it the next day... thanks to Prime) - checkHappy guitarist - checkI can't really complain about anything, except maybe for the price.  But then again, I didn't HAVE TO buy these.  They are fun and kitschy.  5-stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bienbenido Rodriguez review This was a gift for a friend who is a Beatles fan. I bought him two different types he he liked them both. These will not be used much. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul Kacprzak review I just got these to collect not to use to play with. They look good and anyway planet waves has good stuff. overallrating 5   lineend
name Phaeton review For some reason these picks have a better feel, flexibility and grip than any I have found in a long time. They aren't that expensive (especially as an add-on) and they're relly cool. overallrating 5   lineend
name Reviewer review i'd say these are a pretty neat thing to have in your pick collection. i don't use them all too often because they're a bit too stiff though. overallrating 4   lineend
name Rick review  If you use a medium pick for playing these are really cool picks to play with and about the same price as a fender or dunlop medium pick.  For a Beatles collector what a great price for a neat Beatles product.  Even the packaging it cool.If you need picks for playing or a neat Beatles product to collect you won't be dissipointed with this purchase.Excellent product from a fantastic seller. overallrating 5   lineend
name steven review I JUST RECEIVED MY 10 PACK PLANET WAVES BEATLE COLLECTORS PICK, GRAPHICS ARE GREAT, IT'S A GREAT LITTLE COLLECTION, ONLY THING THAT I DIDN'T LIKE WAS THAT YOU DIDN'T GET 15 SEPARATE ONES, THEY ARE ALL DUPLICATES, SO BESIDES THAT THEY ARE GREAT overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review This is my first noise reducer. It works and like it says it reduces the noise. it comes with 2 knobs and 1 switch. The switch let you choose if you want it to reduce the noise when is activated or to mute everything when activated. The 2 knobs, 1 of them let you select the range of the noise you want to reduce, the other one how fast you want it to start reducing the noise. I noticed a slight change of the original sound of my distortion, but it could be also because i didn't find the right setup. if the knob of the noise to reduce is on the highest setting, then it reduce also the sound of the all guitar, so you really gotta study this before you can use it properly. overall, for the price i'm happy with it, and it hides the hiss and all the other sounds unwanted. overallrating 3   lineend
name Applewhite Minyard review I have several Behringer pedals, all placed in a Behringer 6-pedal board. Most of the B. pedals work quite well. I have no quality issues with them. Some people complain about the plastic cases, but they are tough and reliable unless you're in the habit of abusing your pedals by smashing them around or can't control your &#34;stomp&#34; pressure. Some are better than others, and this one works perfectly. I have 6 B. pedals (one of them is a tuner), and each seems to add some noise to the amp output, especially when it is in quiescent mode (no signal input).This pedal, placed at the end of the line just before the signal goes into the amp, quiets all that noise that the other pedals generate. I had to check this, because I at first thought my amp was making the noise, but when I bypassed all the pedals, my amp was quiet, which was a relief. Then I needed relief from the pedal noise, and this did the trick.The controls are a little misleading, but easy to get used to and adjust. The &#34;send-receive&#34; function is for quieting the noise you send to an additional effects pedal, which seems pointless, as the best way to use this is to put it at the end of the chain to quiet all the effects.The mute function may help, but when I turn on my pedal tuner, this also functions as a mute.I had to do a little modification of the B. pedal board to make this fit in, as I already had 6 pedals in place. But, with the removal of a couple of screws, it fit into a slot meant for a longer pedal.I don't actually need the on-off function on this most of the time, so placing it in that sideways, out of the way spot was no disadvantage. I just leave it on all the time so it always quiets the noise when I'm not actually playing. However, I can still operate it if necessary, for example for the mute function if I needed that.It's aggravating to have to have a pedal to eliminate noise from other pedals, but at least there is an easy solution in a noise gate like this one. overallrating 4   lineend
name AT review I wanted a noise reducer because I have like 10 pedals and the loud feedback I was getting back through them was insane. I got this one because it wa cheaper and basically thinking why not? It's like $25. It was a great choice. The pedal stops nearly all unwanted feedback and doesn't alter your tone. It does take some time to figure it out but after that its golden. It's great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Claudia A. Portillo review wow, simply good. for the price u can not get a better deal, it does the job perfectly. i have 4 of these so far, will get more if needed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dave review - it's simple to operate- it does what it's made to do- it does that very well- it's bargaintasticIf you know what a noise gate is supposed to do and you think you might need one, then I highly recommend this unit.I'm about to get a second one and put all my distortion-creating devices in the loop (other Behringer units, Rat, Big Muff, etc etc). The one I already have can stay at the end of my signal chain, just before the delays. Pretty much a must-have for recording, especially during those quiet spots :-) Thanks to this unit I have a very quiet recording setup. overallrating 5   lineend
name frank arcidiacona review Cleans up the hum, going in to effects pedals , some pedals make noise, some don't as much with this it cleans them all.Behringer all the way, you can keep your expensive boss pedals. overallrating 5   lineend
name GunHawk review I think this is my fifth Behringer pedal. Admittedly I haven't had the time to try this one out. But based on my others, I'd say this will do everything the pedals that cost double or more can do! overallrating 5   lineend
name Jorge Marin review this  noise reducer pedal  gets probably 90-95% noise off, using heavy-noisy distortion pedals & has an amazing value.100% recommended !!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Josh Leger review When it comes to noise gates, this definitely does the trick. It had a noise-detection sensor, so it knows when you are playing guitar or not, and will turn itself on and off automatically. This means that while you're not playing, it'll block that annoying static sound your guitar and pedals make - and when you start playing, it'll lower itself so that it doesn't effect the noise of the guitar. It'll sound the same. I would defeinitely recommend. Plus Behringer is the best brand for pedals. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Sanabria review  IT does the job as described it though. I have no complains and the cheap price was a plus for me. overallrating 5   lineend
name kenb review I have a strat running into a crate amp with a tub preamp and it picked up noise like mad.  this pedal is like an automatic volume knob that turns down the input if there isn't a signal from the guitar.  takes a little playing with it to get it dialed in, but now I just keep it on all of the time. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kevin McGonigal review this is a nice little pedal. It effectively quiets all my other pedals. Works as advertised. Not much else to say. Get one! overallrating 5   lineend
name legendery-sound. review great pedall for the money it makes ur pedalls real quaiet,, it does what its soupose to.. german mind great electronics, well made but plastic, overallrating 5   lineend
name Meganicus review It cuts down the buzz left by the other pedals, for that price it's pretty good, not badly built either. overallrating 4   lineend
name Megs review If the hiss from your distortion and compression pedals irritates you, this is worth the money. Contrary to the name, it is a noise gate rather than a noise reducer. It does not filter out noise, but rather stops the signal to the amp entirely when the sound from the instrument reaches a predetermined minimum. If you are playing with humbuckers, your only problem will be pedal hiss and you will never hear it again. If you are playing on single coils, the hum while you play is so minimally noticeable that this is still worthwhile. Whether you're gigging and don't want to sound like an amateur or you're practicing in headphones at 4am, this will make your playing sound a little better, and you can't complain about that. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ray review This baby does what it says it does at a very reasonable price. One does have to find the cable loops that one needs to eliminate humming & noise, for one doesn't know which in or output is actually making the interference but, once you've established that, it's all good baby!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Heisler review I'm not a big fan of pedals at all, I much prefer multi effects but, that being say this is a great cheap pedal. Does what it should just like the noise gate in my rack. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sphinx90 review I've used this live since I got it and it works great, no problems. Its made of plastic but that doesn't effect anything, its pretty tough. It has two modes, noise reduction which clips the noise and silences it when the note fades out, and mute which lets you mute with the stomp switch. I use the mute mode live to silence my bass in between sets but I have also used the reduction mode when my pickups were noisy. Both modes work great and there is a sensitivity knob to dial in the right clipping. Full on it will clip the notes hard and sometimes register quieter notes as noise and clip them all together, less and its more subtle. Great value and a great tool. overallrating 5   lineend
name wally jones review I gave this product 5 stars , simply because it did exactly what I bought it to do - reduce unwanted noise to my amp. You will have to play with the controls to get the exact settings where its not clipping your sustained notes off before you want it to. It doesn't cut noise while your playing , but when your not it comes on a kills the noise. There are two lights on the pedal, one for the on and off and the other comes on when the pedal is working and reducing noise. If you have it set to high or to sensitive , it will not recognize the end of your sustained note and noise . So play with it and find your personal setting because I'm sure every guitar and pedal board are unique in the sounds that start with your guitar and go through your pedal chain and out your amp. The NR300 works and as soon as you understand how it will do the best job for you , you will be happy with it. Oh, and if you switch it to Mute, it works as an on and off switch.. You also can not beat the price---- overallrating 5   lineend
name zxrslant review  havent used it yet.. seems like a nice pedal .. nice an lightweight... clean..has some nice rubber on the bottom.. lol haha okaaaaaay? overallrating 3   lineend
name Applewhite Minyard review I read mixed reviews of this pedal board, but I had tried half a dozen multi effects pedals and modeling processors and pedals with limitless combinations all in one. However, I found all of those too difficult to adjust to my needs, or too cumbersome to flip through all the channels to get to the sound I wanted and then modify it. What I wanted was four or five single effects pedals that I could preset to the value I usually use and then turn on each effect as needed, giving me lots of combinations. I had a couple of Boss pedals and one Behringer one and I ordered a couple more of the inexpensive Behringer units, which I'm generally pleased with, though they're perhaps not in the elite category. They work fine for me. I didn't want 5 or 6 units cluttering up the space and each demanding its own wall wart.This compact board with its built in case and cord management was the perfect solution for me. Instead of the Velcro found on many boards, this has foam cutouts which hold the B and B pedals securely and give enough room for the connectors and daisy chain power supply to stay tangle free. It all plugs in with one adapter (provided) and it also comes with all the short connectors to connect each pedal together.My pedals are  incredibly easy to use and extremely well organized now. The case holds them securely and the lid fits on and holds everything in place for transport. Everything is ready to play by just removing the lid and plugging into the outlet.The latches are not the most secure, just a simple plastic slide that looks like it could easily break. However, there are matching holes right next to them so a small lock or even a twist tie could be inserted if the latch does malfunction.Overall, I'm extremely satisfied. If you're doing something similar to me, I'm sure you will be too. The foam cutouts can be manipulated for other sizes of pedals. I have exactly enough to fill it, with the addition of a dedicated tuner that mutes everything while I tune. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brock Martin review I already had two Behringer stompboxes, and am thinking of adding a few more, so I thought rather than having a mess on the stage, I'd get a pedalboard.  I hadn't really studied them too much, except to note that they all seemed to be way more money than they were worth.  Then, recently I found this one for less than a hundred bucks, so I really couldn't pass it up.  I am very impressed with this unit.  It is well made, well designed, and comes with all sorts of cords and accessories.  Nothing is lacking to start playing right away.  I'm not sure how easy other brands stompboxes will fit into this board (you may need to trim the foam that holds them in a little bit), but I think the board should be pretty universal for whatever you have.  I am not disappointed in the least.  I think you will like this board. overallrating 5   lineend
name Humbrecht review If you've never had a pedalboard before I'd say pass on this one and look for one that is more user-friendly.  The pics and description don't show just how insanely large this is.  It's too big.  Patch cables are crap and the power supply didn't seem sturdy enough to be kicked around.Besides this, I had trouble using it (even for practice) because the lip of the case gets in the way of my foot hitting the pedals.I ended up giving this one away to a friend and getting a Gator 'bone' and a seperate power supply.  Easier to practice with and easier to toss into another case with mics/cables rather than being a whole suitcase on it's own. overallrating 2   lineend
name Josh Leger review This is a very good investment. Everything just sits in this case  so I never have to set up any cables again. All I do is setup the input from guitar to the case, from the case to the amp, and let's not forget the power cable. It works amazing and saves plenty of time. I've also seen reviews that it's VERY druable, so you don't have to worry about it breaking easily. I love the fact that you can hide the wires and also convert the storage bay into space for larger pedals (such as wah or volume). The only concern by some people was a slight buzzing. I replaced the power cable that came with it with one of the power cables that came with one of my pedals, and the sound went away. I would recomment this to anyone who travels alot, doesn't have a lot of space in their room, or someone who just likes things neat and compact all the time. This item is VERY convienent! overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Johnson review  I got this to eliminate all of the cords that powered the effects units as well as get something to house everything securely.  This board does the job for at least 6 pedals.  The Behringer pedals fit nicely into the foam slots and so far have not moved around during play. What I have to get used to is that the pedals are no longer against the floor, meaning that I not have to lift my foot higher to get over the boards edge to press them.  It should just take some getting used too.  One concern is that the linked power cables don't have anyplace to disappear into. I will be working on this. What I am not happy about is that the board is ALWAYS ON when plugged in.  The only way to shut off the power is to unplug it.  I wish it had a power switch. overallrating 4   lineend
name Adam H review Nice thumbpicks for banjo. They are size large, so if you generally have a very large hand they will be tight on you. I have a larger hand and they work well, but they are about a micrometer away from being too snug. But I like them a lot. Would also work fine with acoustic guitar picking if that's whay you're into (though I always preferred acoustic picking without a thumbpick). overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I really like this thumb pick  The only thing I dispute is that this may be a large (for a girl) but NO WAY is it a large for a man.  I think a guy may have a problem wearing this comfortably.  So, Ladies!  This is a good purchase...not so much for a guy. overallrating 4   lineend
name Confidential Name review Others that reviewed this Item I read before purchase, noted it is not &#34;Large&#34; and the picks have to be warmed and shaped to fit your thumb. I also found in original &#34;Large&#34; size, The curve of the pick will cut into your thumb from improper shaping and being too small for the average American man. I am still in the process of shaping all 5, but otherwise they appear sturdy and I haven't broken more than one of similar type in several years. I expect the pick to wear down from use. They appear to be about the same quality as Indigo brand, but not shaped as well for the average player. overallrating 3   lineend
name Jeffrey review These are fine but didn't fit well; but they are a quality product. In my case, I actually needed medium or small to fit tight. overallrating 3   lineend
name Joel Fritz review  I've used thumb picks for over forty years on a variety of acoustic guitars.  My thumb nail can't pluck the strings when I damp them with the heel of my hand.  These are adequate in the sense that you can strike the strings with them and they stay on.  They have a dullish sound compared to my favorite, the long gone National clear thumb pick or the current Dunlop clear.  I like the sound of the Ernie Ball thin celluloid picks but they aren't strong enough to grip my thumb.  The major problem with these is they aren't large.  They're like most other brands' medium.  My thumbs aren't Tom Robbins huge, but my hands are bigger than average.  These picks cut off the circulation in my thumb if I use them for more than fifteen minutes or so.  I think I could brighten up the sound by sanding them down, but that's a lot of work for something this cheap.Don't buy these if you have a large thumb.  If you like a less bright sound, and some people do, and have a medium sized thumb, these might work well for you. overallrating 3   lineend
name kbgulfcoast review I like these, nice tortoise look with planet wave logo is nice, they have more flex than most which I also find suits me.They ride a little higher for me, which I also like, but if you like low, let's say midway across cuticle, may find a bit pinchy?  But I find the gauge suits me great and overall comfort is good, for my average thumb size. overallrating 5   lineend
name Nuri K review  I have an unusually wide and fat thumb, and though tight at first, all of them got comfortable after an hour of playing (each). No complaints overallrating 5   lineend
name Sean P. Owens review  Ordered these large picks and like others mentioned, they are not large at all. I have average size hands and thumbs and the pick initially numbed my thumb in about twenty seconds it was so tight. I solved the problem by simply holding a Bic lighter flame about a half inch away from the heel of the pick for just about three seconds. I could feel the celluloid loosen up quickly. It was just a matter of pulling the pick open just a bit. It's actually easy to completely customize the size and shape of the picks with just a few seconds of heat. The picks fit fine now, and I didn't even need to place &#34;foreign&#34; objects into the microwave to do it.Any questions just feel free to ask and I will answer best I can. Thanks.SPO overallrating 4   lineend
name this guy review they are nice sometimes but not as comfortable the rest of the time. they are cheap and do exactly what they are supposed to do. overallrating 3   lineend
name Tinfoot review I did get 5 thumb picks in my order (a previous reviewer mentioned only getting 4), and I always really liked the classic turtle-shell look (far more purty-like than the plain, thick white of Nationals and others).  But these are large? And, yes, I double checked the packaging to ensure I was shipped large. The National mediums I was using before had a looser fit -boggle-.  But nevertheless, the Planet Waves' far tighter fit actually feel better than the National mediums, which certainly had a clunky sensation; there is probably a small weight difference between the two that would explain the overall feeling of quicker movement while having good solid interactions on the strings.  All in all, 4 stars.  Still... these were a large?  Hate to see how the mediums fit. overallrating 4   lineend
name Don B review V5 = 4 starBugera customer service = -5 starsLets be realistic, this is a very inexpensive tube amp. Nothing more, nothing less.Its price reflects exactly what it is, and thats a good thing, and also not so good.First off, the amp shipped with bad tubes. (microphonic)Not a big deal, it happens all the time. But ...Bugera was no help at all, their customer service is by far the worst Ive ever dealt with.They are clueless, arrogant and condescending.I bought replacement tubes and solved the issue, but thats not the point.This experience alone will probably stop me from ever purchasing another Bugera/Behringer product.Now about the amp itself.Its ok, at best. It has no headroom, even on the 5w setting. I realize a tiny combo wont have much, but this thing has nothing.It clips far too easily, and forget about running an overdrive pedal into it. You will only get a muddy, garbled mess.Clean tones are ok, but dont expect Fender type cleans, they arent there.Think of Marshall cleans, or even Vox.The speaker isnt worth the paper its made from.I plugged the amp into a Celestion 1x12 cab (just for comparison) and it was a whole lot better.Its built very well, even compared to many amps costing far more. If youre looking for a \"vintage\" tube amp, but either cant afford or cant justify the price of a good one, you should try a V5.Im the latter, because I only play at home I simply cant justify $1K or more for a good tube amp.The classic overdrive sound of the 70s is all over this amp. If youre looking for a late 60s - 70s \"cranked\" amp stack tone, well, its here. But only if you crank the master and keep the preamp set low.Turn up the preamp and all you'll get is a flat, flubby \"farty\" unusable tone.I love and hate the V5, though the price is unbeatable, its shortcomings (no headroom/horrid overdrive) are hard to live with.You sometimes what you pay for, and in this case, if you want that vintage 70s tone at \"bedroom\" volumes, you cant go wrong with the V5. overallrating 3   lineend
name James Tunnicliffe review I should start by saying that I did not buy this from Amazon. Not that it's a bad price, but I got a discount on an open box demo unit at a local Guitar Center for $179 0. I've seen them cheaper for used ones, but I wanted a new one with a warranty.I am using this amp for an electric violin and for an acoustic violin with a pickup. I wanted the cleanest sound, with bare bones controls and that's what this little champ provides. Most of the time, I use it with the Gain on 1 or 2 and the Volume past 5.It's very cool that it has 5w, 1w, and .1w settings. I haven't seen that in any amp in this price range. The 1w setting is perfect for my studio, and the .1w setting is great for using with the headphones jack. The 5w setting can really crank out the volume.You could spend about $100 more and get a Vox AC4 series all tube amp. That's another amp I was considering. I wanted something not too big and portable, but could use at home without shredding the walls. But the Vox doesn't even have Reverb like the Bugera which has only a single pre-amp tube. And the Vox is 4w, while the Bugera boasts 5w.I know if I plugged an electric guitar in and cranked the gain I could get some lovely distortion, because I've tried that with the violin. The digital reverb has a spacious feel. I love reverb and wouldn't buy an amp without it.It seems to be built well and only time will tell if it holds up under daily use, which I plan to do. When it comes time to change the tube, there are many choices for a nice upgrade to something better than the stock Bugera tube. I've even read online where people drop in a different speaker, but in my opinion the Bugera 8\" speaker is just fine and sounds like a bigger one.All in all, I'm very pleased. I also tried the Bugera V22 all tube amp at the same Guitar Center. But, that's way too much amp for me at this time. If I were to fill a large hall with sound, that would be the way to go. The V22 is sweet. I had never heard of Bugera until I tried that model and was really impressed. Another option is to unplug the speaker in the V5, (yes, the speaker has a plug and a jack!) and drive another speaker cabinet, which Bugera also makes. You can use any speaker cabinet, I guess, that has a minimum of 4 OHMS, which is clearly written near the jack.The Bugera V5 is perfect for me, and I wouldn't go down to the smaller Bugera BC15. I think Bugera has hit the nail on the head with quality and value, and I'll be looking into other products made by Bugera/Behringer/Music Group. The seem to be all the same company. overallrating 5   lineend
name J English review This little amp gives a warm and gritty sound. Arrived in days and free ship (heavy little bugger). Small footprint allows me to place in my studio and get that deep sound like a big tube amp. Use a Shure mike at 2 feet and the sound is amazing. Recommend this amp for a small space or miked in small venue. Really happy with sound. overallrating 5   lineend
name jim beasley jr review This amp really surprized me. It's made in china but it appears to be well madeand looks great. There is a headphone jack which is why I bought it.I would suggest useing a overdrive or distortion pedal. gain here isnt great reverb isnt great ether. But over all this amp is a most welcome deal. No transistor amp I own sounds as good. but I would suggest pedals overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Jackson review This is a great little amp especially for the money. It's all tube, has a power attenuator, headphone out and reverb all for under $200 - CRAZY!! It's built extremely well and has some weight to it, but you'd have no problem carrying it to a small gig. A 5 watt tube amp is still quite LOUD, so the attenuator is a god-send.How does it sound you ask? Tone is subjective, but to my ears it can get quite \"Marshally\" without a lot of work with a Les Paul as well as a Tele. I don't own a Strat, so I can't comment on single coils through it. On the 1 watt setting with the volume pinned and the gain on about 5 I had a damn good \"Back In Black\" style hard rock tone. If you want to play Metal you're going to need a distortion/overdrive pedal. I've found that if you pin the gain it can get a bit boxy and fizzy. The headphone out isn't great, it's good enough for practice, but don't try to use it as a line out for recording.I've done some recording using a 57 on-axis about an inch from the speaker grill slightly right of center. When stacking 3-4 tracks (especially using different guitars) I got a HUGE, Plexi like tone without it getting muddy or fuzzy.I haven't swapped tubes or the speaker - it's completely stock. I might try putting a Jensen speaker in it, but the stock tone is just fine as it is. The stock speaker is an 8\" Bugera \"vintage\" (think greenback clone) and it is darker than a lot of small speakers. A lot of guys are swapping out the tubes for JJ's or GT's, but it all depends on what you're after for tone.A lot of guitar snobs are afraid of the Beringer name on it (Bugera is made by Beringer), but I found this amp to be very good quality - especially given that it was made in China.I would recommend this amp if you are looking for good tube tone on the cheap. It's an excellent platform for mods if you are the tweaking type. I was able to get great Marshall like tone out of it quite easily. Good stuff!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Scott F. Lowry review I'd give this baby six stars if I could. My prior practice amp (a Vox) was very nice, but finally went south and required replacement. I was looking for something with a great tube sound, as most of the solid-state amps that I've used (mainly fenders and line6 stuff) just don't get there. I was actually looking at the Fender Blues Junior and headed to my local GC to check 'em out and listen side-by-side. The first time I plugged a Strat into this guy in the store, I was blown away (and that was with all of the Jimmy Page wannabes cranking different amps all over the store). I've gotta say, part of me was hoping to rationalize the extra buck for a Blues Junior, but the Bugera actually sounded better. The only one left in the store was the floor model, so I grabbed it.Got it home and cranked it up and here are my observations:- It's solid and heavy. It's still a small-fry (slightly bigger than most 15w amps out there), but much heavier.- The construction is great. I think I read some reviews that knocked the construction, but from the handle to the floor everything looks like it's built to last.- The sound is even better at home (without the GC cacophony)- Adjustments are minimal, but enough. The tone adjustment basically takes the tone from fat to sharp. I've run my Strat, Tele and Taylor T5 through this. I think the hard bodies get the best blues tone, but I can get a really nice clean tone from my T5- The headphones sound great. I was really surprised by this. I would have thought you needed the speaker to get that great fat tube tone, but sounds awesome through a pair of good headphones- The price is self-explanatory, but that's really the part that blew me away. This amp would sell for double the price tag. overallrating 5   lineend
name Teh Arbitrageur review  Once I read about the Bugera B5, I knew I wanted one.  Why futz with tube-like effects when you can have real, live tubes -- two in fact!  Only five Watts, yes, but that's still enough to fill a room.  But it's the extras that cinch the deal: this is built like a brick house -- you can jump up and down on it if you want to.  It has an internal cable for the speaker, so you can easily plug in a different cabinet.  Comes with built-in reverb.  Headphone jack standard.  Best of all: an attenuator, so you can get the cranked sound even at low volume levels.  Easily upgradeable -- I put new tubes and speaker into mine, though I probably didn't have to.  A small but effective little amp.Edit: I had modded my Bugera with a Jensen MOD-8 and used it for bass, but recently I found a source for Celestion Super 8 drivers and popped one of those in.  Amazing low-end output for such a small cab! overallrating 5   lineend
name William B. Mattes review  I admit I got this from Guitar Center on clearance, but over the past week or so I've had it, I just love plugging into it. I've got a great vintage larger amp, but would rather not lug it around for just small practice sessions, and I'm anticipating spending some time in apartment living, so I was looking for a small, tube-based amp. This thing gives great tone with both a Strat and a Les Paul clone, and an overdrive pedal works very well with it. Of course it's not too loud - that's the whole point! I should note that turned on it has a hum that my other amps don't have, but it's really low volume. Also, the tubes do take a minutes to warm up, and since it doesn't have a standby switch, you just have to turn down the volume knob before plugging in. But it just is great stuff to plug into something with solid tone without having to burn my ears (or those of anyone else). Great little amp. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brendon review This is a highly feature-full amp at this price point. I can get great clean, blues and heavy metal tones. Like most Line 6 products, some features are not highly apparent. For example, for extra gain, you can hold down the tuner button and turn the gain knob past 12 o'clock for a boost. This may not sound like much, but it really CAN change the tone, even on clean channels. On the crunch channel, for example, it gives the guitar an almost fuzz face overdriven sound (with my Strat). On the metal channels, it really drives the gain over the top.The tuner seems to work well enough and the included effects are OK. I decided to go with the cheaper FBV2 pedal (which is still over 1/3 the price of this amp!) and it really works well for home practice situations. One can switch between clean and metal, or clean and blues without too much trouble (one click). I think the pedals are too expensive personally, but they are well constructed solid steel and seem very durable. The cable is a simple cat 5 network cable I believe, so replacing should be trivial.I live in an apartment and this little 15-watt amp is WAY too loud to turn up past 1 or 2. It has a great tone balance (to my ears). It has corner protectors where even their flagship amp doesn't! Overall I recommend this amp to anyone looking for a cheaper home practice amp. overallrating 4   lineend
name CRS71 review After registering the amp online (or by mail) you have access to 500+ backing tunes,with either drums or drums and bassline. You are able to select from different genres such as Rock, Blues, Country, Alternative and more. Along with this great feature, you can also take free lessons, from beginner to advanced. You can even get custom settings, giving you the sound of such great bands as Green Day, The Beatles, Led Zeppelin and many more. Along with lessons, tabs, and the ability to loop any Jam Track, Spider Online adds more than even I immagined to this awesome amp!! If you're still hesitant about buying this or any other Spider amp, just buy it. I personally guarantee your satisfaction...BUY IT!! (no seriously, are you buying it??) overallrating 5   lineend
name Dean J Copely review Never has 15 watts sounded so loud and clear. Never think it only hadan 8 inch speaker. Just enough effects to leave your pedals at home for practices.Light weight easy to carry. overallrating 5   lineend
name Javier Fernandez review I just bought this amp for my Epiphone Goth Studio guitar, I've got it this weekend and I'm very satisfied with this product. I'm not a proffessional but this amp is really good for the price you pay as it comes with so many functions, with complete add-ons on th webpage. Solid, nice sound, very good quality to make anyone happy, except your neighbors.Now after a couple of months I want to say... this is great product in terms of sound, not so great in terms of small building detailsGreat for Blues style, just use it with clean and good reverb or crunch  and you will get amazing blues sounds.My only con and that's why I have reduced it to 4 stars is the fact that one of the corners protectors came broken and also, the Phones are not working. Better quality control at the plant can avoid this things to happen. I wrote to Line6 and I got useless answers about. overallrating 4   lineend
name jim beasley jr review this amp really shines in the distortion modes, I don;t really care for the clean sounds but the metal tones are as good as I've ever heard out of a low cost amp. I wish I had found this amp sooner. It blows the other brands away overallrating 4   lineend
name Joe Toland review I've had this amp about a week now and I'm still finding cool things about it. The first thing I did was went through all the presets. I didn't like the clean channel,( it wasn't really clean) but I quickly found out how to set it like i wanted it (press the clean button then turn all the preset effects to 0 and then hold down on the clean button about three seconds until the lights blink and now it's really clean. You can also do this with all the other channels too! just set every thing like you want it and hold down the button on the channel you want and there it is. and don't worry, you can always reset it back to factory settings and start over. It's a small amp but it's bigger than I thought it would be. But the sound that comes out of that 8&#34; speaker is BIG!. I have been playing for about 30 years, and I know I could use this amp in a small club without running it into the PA. If you do need a little more volume, it has a line out so you can run it to the PA and have all the volume you want. I would buy this amp again if mine was stolen. Makes a great practice room amp. You can take it without all your pedals and still have all the effects you would need. For the price it's a bargain! overallrating 5   lineend
name Josiah Springman review A good modeling amp. My only complaint is I didn't like the clean sounds not to my liking. Other than that an awesome amp. overallrating 5   lineend
name Karl Brody review  I bought this amp back when i didnt know much about amps. If you want the metal sound for practice, then it is hard to get a better amp for one bill. But with the hybrid amps (Vibro Champ) going for not much more, you get better sounds and more settings. I am selling mine and ordered a Super Champ Xd used in new condition for two and a half bills. This Line 6 amp has a flat sterile sound that isnt very warm sounding. From now on its tube amps for me, even if i have to pay the price. A good tube amp should last a long time and hold its value well, too. Like i said, for a first amp at one bill, the Line 6 isnt too bad. Maybe some day i will be able to afford a Princeton Reverb? overallrating 2   lineend
name Vensez review I've had the amp for 2 months or so now and love it. It's choice of effects is thorough for a beginner like me. I don't have the greatest guitar ever but the sounds from the amp are clean and crisp. The choice of effects is nice with reverb, tremolo, delay, among other less-useful effects. The auxillary jack is also a great addition. The amp looks nice with the chrome knobs and is very simple to use. overallrating 4   lineend
name Wes Caldwell review  This little amp is awesome, I once had a Peavey Bandit 112 back in the day, and this little guy can do all it could do, it just doesn't get as loud, but at least you won't have to worry about someone calling the cops on you for being too loud, but is gets just loud enough, so be careful. overallrating 5   lineend
name carolinaautoguy review Hundreds of sounds to choose from.Tones, bands, specific songs, sounds.Built in tunerManually adjust Tone, drive, bass mid treble, gain pitch, chorus phaser tremolo, Tape echo sweep echo delay, reverb and master volumeMp3 inHeadphone / line outLoop recordingVery versatile and very fun.Twang to Slayer in a flip of a preset. overallrating 5   lineend
name digitel review This amp is non stop fun.  Has so many features.. I head to the 90s and it has all the sounds i like for that decade..it sounds great at low volume and has some amazing models that sounds like the real thing. overallrating 5   lineend
name Everanor review I got this amp recently, at a local store, and so far im loving it, i also aqcuired the MKII Foot Controller and is a perfect combination. Tons of sounds and it can be 100% edited to fit your demands. Nice volume coming out of it also, for 75 watts it seems more.Recommended overallrating 5   lineend
name James Tepper review  I've been playing rock and blues for over 40 years. I've owned a number of amps over the years including a 1960s Ampeg 40 Watt combo, and a pre-CBS 100 watt Fender Showman, and my latest, a Crate 5212 50 Watt tube amp that I bought about 10 years ago.  I also have a small Peavy 50 Watt solid state combo.  The Crate has always sounded great, and it's what I use exclusively in my basement studio, but it  weighs a ton and the clean channel has always had a habit of fading in and out (despite numerous repair attempts), so I've been using the Peavy when I play out.  The last time I did, I was really unsatisfied with the sound and decided to look for something else.  I own a Line6 pocket Pod and love it so I looked into the Line6 amps.When I found that I could get a 75 Watt modeling amp with a looper and a more presets than I could go through in a lifetime for less than $300, I ordered one from Amazon, sight unseen and unheard.  Out of the box I was amazed at just about everything.  The clean amp models are crisp and clear, the dirty ones thick and rich.  The effects that I have played around with so far are amazing, and I cannot detect any difference between them and my digital delay, phaser and overdrive pedals that cost about the same as the whole Spider IV 75. And the thing is loud!  Very loud.  As I get more experience with the amp, I'm sure that I'm going to want to tweak the built in presets to my taste, but even right out of the box the sound is pretty awesome.I'm sure that a lot of pro purists out there would laugh at the idea of a 75 Watt solid state combo with 1 12\" speaker as their main amp, and if you've got $1800 to spend and a roadie, I guess they'd be right. But for the money, the sound, the size and the very light weight (36 lbs) alone make this a fabulous deal. Add in the modeling and the effects (high quality individual floor pedals or rack devices to replicate these effects could cost thousands of dollars just by themselves), and compared to my $750 Crate VC5212, at $300 the Spider IV 75 seems like an almost impossibly large gain in overall function. I doubt that I will use my Crate again (except when guests come to jam).And then the less than good...It doesn't come with a foot switch.  You have to buy one if you want to be able to use the looping in any realistic way and/or take advantage of the 4 channels on the fly, and to upload new firmware to the amp.  And of course you really want to do all if that (and more), so a foot controller is essential.  I opted for the FBV Express Mk II, the smallest and least expensive model with a pedal.  It lets me access all 4 channels as well as the looper and acts as a volume/wah controller.  It was another $100.  It is really essential, so in my mind the price of the Spider IV 75 is really just under $400.And  it doesn't come with any manuals to speak of.  All the manuals are available online for free, but of course you have to download them and print them.  And these manuals are essential to access all but the most basic functions of the amp. If you do not have access to a computer and a printer (I guess there are some people somewhere in the world who do not),I guess you're SOL.  The \"Advanced Guide\" is the essential one for using the amp, and is only 3 pages long. That's too short to explain everything you need to know in enough detail, and it's not particularly well-written. There'a another manual for using the free downloadable software that lets you edit the presets at a low level that is another 21 pages long.  I have not explored it much yet, but I suspect that it will be written similarly.  Once again, if you do not have a computer with an internet connection, there is a bunch of stuff that it is possible to do with the Spider IV 75 that you will not be able to do.My guess is that it would have probably added $150 to the list price of the amp for Line6 to have included a pedal and hard copies of the manual, and at $450, the amp would seem less attractive to many, so Line6 opted to handle things the way they did. Bottom line is still that this is still an unbeatable deal.Very HIghly Recommended.JM Tepper overallrating 5   lineend
name Jared Burdick review  s that compare the Line 6 to Vox, Marshall or Fender. They are ALL better than the Line6, every one of them. But be prepared to pay 10 times the price for effects pedals, head units, cabinets, cables, etc. to get those flawless professional sounds. Good amp, great value. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jolly Roger review I had been looking for an amp for home practice and for live playing.  Ultimately, my search was narrowed down to this Spider and a Fender Mustang.  After reading many Amazon reviews, I ultimately chose the Spider over the Fender because (i) I read that the Fender amps gave off a hissing noise, particularly with the clean channels, and (ii) the Spider had better rock/metal tones, which is one genre I play, among others.  Regarding the sound, it is unbelievable!  And, to be quite honest, I've only been using the presets!  The cleans are ultra clear, and the rock tones are amazing.  And, this thing is LOUD.  In conducting some internet research, having a mega-watted amp is not necessary and is, in fact, not recommended.  I discovered that the reason for this is because the review  er mentioned, if you need something louder because you're in a larger venue, the amp will be mic'd anyway.One note...Line 6 does somewhat force you to purchase one of the pedals because you need the pedal to update the amp.  I purchased theLine 6 FBV Express MkII 4-button Foot Controller, and I'm very happy with it.  I like the larger foot pedal switches on this 4-pedal switch, rather than the small buttons on the model up from that (a 6 button pedal board).Finally, I chose this Spider IV over the Spider IV 120 amp version, in part, because this Spider has a larger speaker (a 12\") and the other Spider IV 120 watt model has two 10\" speakers.  I feel that the larger speaker provides better lower tones. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul S. Brzozowski review  I started two years ago with a 15 watt Spider III, then along with other amps, bought a Spider Jam. I thought they were all great.  Now they come out with Spider IV, and the difference in the sound is dramatic.  They are getting very, very close to tube sound.  So much so that for the lousy $299, compared to say $1000+ for 75 watts of tube, this is a real steal.Loaded with features, and hundreds of presets, it has something for everyone. The Pitch Shifter and 18 available manual settings just add to the fun. And it will work with either generation of FBV pedalboard. Says so right in the manual. The only difference I see is with the generation II pedal you get a USB port.Does it sound as creamy and smooth as my Peavey Delta Blues or Crate Palomino tube units?  No, there is still a little digital overlay around in there.  But most people who are looking for a great home based amp, or maybe a church or small gig amp, this is a WINNER and the price is just nuts.  Forget the Peavy Vyper, this is hands down much better and you don't have to sink another couple hundred in a pedal to get to all the presets like the Vyper. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Luhring review Wow! This little amp packs tons of tone & sound. Hundreds of presets that are going to take some time to explore fully. The  clean channels are really clean & the dirty channels are just plain nasty. 75 watts is enough power to blow your socks off. Lots of bang for the buck here. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. W. Milyard review  A modeling amp will literally model existing Amps, Artists, and Songs from different years.This amp does not have on board song or drum loops like the Spider Jam.If you are trying to get a specific sound of a band or musician or place in time, then this isyour amp.If you need a practice amp, go with the Jam.I have both amps and as far as I am concerned, the Jam is a far better modeling amp as it does what the Spider 4 does plus drum and song tracks that you can play along with plus a whole lot more, even if it is based on the Spider 3 technology with a JM4 Looper as its engine.While the Spider 4 (I have the 150) is a nice amp, it is VERY SPECIFIC to the user needs and isnot that flexible.I do not agree that both amps are worthless without the foot pedals, as I used the Jam for a longtime without, and only acquired the Express pedal when I ordered the Spider 4.Also be very aware that the Line 6 documentation on their amps is very, very lacking, to put it mildly, and there so-called on line videos and user groups are just as lacking as their documentation. overallrating 3   lineend
name Slashaholic Anonymous review I own several tube amp combo and half-stack. However, I wanted a smaller, lighter combo that would be easy to transport and wouldn't need any pedals, but would also be loud enough to practice with a drummer. The line 6 spider IV 75-watt combo was the perfect solution. Up to this point I haven't been very impressed by solid-state technology. Sure, the cleans are glassy and crystal-clear, and some sound ok with the gain cranked and mids scooped at super low volume, but as soon as you turn up the volume a bit or try to dial in a smooth, bluesy overdrive, the sound turns to crap. Not so with the spider IV. I've been extremely impressed with all the different amp models. ALL of them. The different amp models each have their unique sound and characteristics, which means that your tonal options are literally limitless. I play mostly metal and hard rock, thougn I use less gain and more mids than is typical among players of the genre.I'd describe it as a hard rock tone with a vintage edge. And I was able to get that tone in less than a minute of fiddling. The tone in general is surprisingly warm and organic- very tube-like, which is a comparison that I don't make lightly. Additionally, the highs don't have that artificial \"tinny\" sound that so often occurs in solid-state. Solos and leads have more of the natural, smooth quality that tube amps are valued for.The effects are fun to play with, though I've never used many effects in my playing. I really like having multiple user pre-sets, so I can dial in the tones that I use the most and then switch between them at the press of a button. The artist pre-sets are cool; it's interesting to see Line 6's take on the sound of many popular bands and songs. Some are surprisingly good, like Cliffs of Dover, Master of Puppets, and Sunshine of Your Love, while others don't really sound like the artist, like Killswitch Engage.I'm also impressed with the quality of the celestion speaker that comes with the amp; it holds up pretty well even at higher volumes. The tone has continually improved as I've broken in the speaker.Just in conclusion, there's basically nothing this amp can't do at least fairly well. All the amp models actually sound good (can't say the same about my roland cube), and when you combine that with all the effects, tuner, mp3 connection, and user and song & artist presets, it's a winning combination. This will never be my main stage amp, but for practice purposes I couldn't be more pleased with the spider IV. edited to add : A few months later I bought the FBV express pedal board. It's a simple, affordable way to get more out of the amp by making channel switching easy and adding a volume/wah pedal. Especially if this is your main amp, I recommend getting a FBV pedal to go with it. overallrating 5   lineend
name DC review I got this little guy for my spider IV 15 for all the awesome features and it works flawlessly. Channel switching is a breeze, with almost no delay. The tuner works great as well, I tuned it on there then with my korg tuner and it matches up. The wah volume pedal is very useful too, vol is good for fade ins or fade outs. The amount of force needed to switch to wah is quite a bit, and seems like its a little too much force that's needed, but it works. And once you're switched over to the wah, don't expect to match up with Voodo Chile or Bulls On Parade. Its good, but doesn't really cut it if you want a great wah sound. Overall though it's a good buy for your line 6 amp. overallrating 5   lineend
name Everanor review I bought this to use with a Spider IV 75 Amp, so far it works perfect. Provides effect control, loop control, tuner control, also has volume/wah pedal that works great. You can plug it into the PC and customize everything.Recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name Grejam53 review The so called lower priced brother to the enormous Line 6 FBV Shortboard MKII pedal, while cut down still has a lot of the same features. Same quality build. Self powered when attached to my line 6 modeling amp (a real nice feature). One less power supply to hook up. Foot switches are easy to use. Built in tuner works great. The volume/wah pedal switching requires a little more effort than my old pedal but still does the job nicely with a firm forward press. Programming the pedal really allows you to fine tune four amp \"sounds\" and have them instantly available when you play (either at home or on stage). overallrating 5   lineend
name Ian review Before I purchased the FBV I scoured the web to see how it works with the POD HD Desktop, and even the advanced users guide leaves you thinking..Anyway, I lucked out and found a used one going cheap, and after some time figured out exactly what you can and cannot do with the POD HD desktop & FBV Express II combo.1. First, in the setup screen do NOT enable the FBV Express. Yes, I know this sounds dumb, but internet scouring shows there is a bug that this is a workaround for...2. Read the FBV Express users guide and calibrate the pedal.. there is no need to d/l the FBV software for this.Now.. In the POD setup screens you have the option to either have the ABCD buttons as ABCD, or to be FS5-FS8. This behavior is mimicked by the 4 switches on the FBV.So.. In ABCD mode you can:a) Select preset A, B, C or D from the group you are currently in.b) Insert a volume FX and use volume pedal...EXP2c) Insert another FX enabled by toe switch, and controlled by pedal as EXP1d) tap temp (by tapping the currently selected preset..ie the pedal that is lit)e) enable the tuner (press/hold the current selected preset pedal)f) you have some basic control of the looper, but CANNOT enable it.3/10/14 EDIT :Looper control is flawed. You can record and go to overdub, but you cannot record then play/stop the loop.. you can stop from overdub but not start the loop. seemingly an acknowledged and unfixed bugNice enough, but if you are like me, switching presets is way way less useful than switching FX blocks on & off. incidentally you can combine blocks such that one pedal (say) turns OD on, and delay & chorus both off, or turn one amp on and one off (channel switching).. YAY!! you cry, that sounds like me so its a NO to ABCD and mode FS5-FS8 it is for me!..SO yup in FS5-8 mode you can do that, you cana) enable/disable 4 sets of block(s) using the four pedalsb) use volume and expression options as above (ie like volume or wah, overdrive level, delay FB etc)c) basic control of looper BUT cannot enable itEDIT 3/19/14 looper control flawed as stated abovec) enable the tuner?...oh sod it. nope you can'td) tap tempo?.. nope not that either.So in summary, the Express is better than nothing, but certainly does not provide hands free operation of the desktop.. the shortboard is worth the extra, or if you are reading this before buying the pod.. get the HD500x instead. overallrating 2   lineend
name James Tepper review   of the Line 6 Spider IV 75 watt combo.  The FBV Express Mk II is the least expensive pedal to give one full control over all basic and essential amp features. This pedal should have been ( or be) included with the amp but it wasn't.  Anyway, if you are considering buying the amp (which is great), you really will want to have this pedal, even though it costs 33% of the price of the amp itself.With the FBV Express Mk II you can store the 4 amp channels, each of which has its own settings for model and all effects, as well as control the 14 second looping ability of the Spider IV.  The pedal also adds a volume/way pedal (the wah pedal is OK but not as full-throated as a Cry Baby or other stand-alone wah wahs).  Without the pedal, you will not be able to access looping and channel switching in real time while playing (which is the whole point of this thing) unless you have more than the standard compliment of 2 arms, equipped with one  hand each.The pedal also interfaces with a computer to allow deep editing and storing of all of the effects of the Line 6 Spider IV combos through a USB port.  This feature alone makes it a must-have for taking full advantage of the amp.J.M. Tepper overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeremy Hurst review This foot controller is wonderful switch between all four channels and the volume pedal wah pedal and built in tuner makes it the complete package for my line 6 amp!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Josh Leger review This thing works wonders. If you are anyone who performs live or just someone who happens to switch between channels alot I recommend. I hate having to let go of the guitar to switch channels, and this just is perfect for the job. The pedals are all easy to press and I love the volume/wah 2-in-1 pedal. I just use it as a volume, because I already have a wah pedal. The tuner works amazing as well. I also love the fact that it connects to your amp via RJ45 ethernet cable. overallrating 5   lineend
name lee cardwell review I use this on my spider iv 75 it works great I've had it for about 2 months and no issues. overallrating 5   lineend
name Meant2Rock review I really like this foot controller because you don't have to reach to the amp all the time to change channels. I wish i had the big USB cable but i can't find it in Walmart. This paddle used to make this annoying clicking sound but it's gone now. Anyway, this thing is nice if you're too lazy to reach to the  amp to change channels. I think the product should have been around $70-80. overallrating 4   lineend
name B. Shumway review I used this on my recent stratocaster build and the gold looks awesome. It was easy to install and the finish was perfect. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chandler review I am proud to have this product. Fits my fender well looks amazing! Great quality in it also. I am pleased overallrating 5   lineend
name Colin Hendrick review Been ;'golding up' an 88 Strat Plus that has seen better days. Wiith the gold pick guard, tuning pegs, and jack plate - it looks like a custom shop job. This finished my hard work and I am delighted with the appearance. The goods are up to scratch and fit properly. Good service, product, packing and delivery time. Recommend them. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mr. Kipp M. Webb review  When you are upgrading your Fender to a gold package nothing completes the upgrade like a gold Fender jack plate. overallrating 5   lineend
name Parabola review I've had it on my strat for a couple of weeks now and it is holding up quite nicely.  Color is good and as pictured and it doesn't seem to scratch easily.  Installed easily.... Only thing that was slightly upsetting is that I only received one screw.... They shorted me a gold screw... Luckily I had extra and this didn't bother me that much. overallrating 5   lineend
name Greg Runyon review  not so pleased with this, the seller is fine, no prob. there, its that this mic for my use is useless, it records tooo low, cant get enough volume from it overallrating 2   lineend
name Jay review I have used alot of different mics over the years to mic drums, and this Microphone is actually good enough for vocals and sounds decent through my mixer..  I would reccommend this to anyone that is on a budget and wants a good peice of sound equipment. overallrating 5   lineend
name pops review bought for my son to do game capture voice overs. the first day it was fine, if a bit sensitive, by the third day it was broken. cheap to buy, but cheaply made. overallrating 2   lineend
name Ronnie Roper review No problems with seller and product came quick. I wasnt expecting much from the mic. I mean c'mon what can you expect for that price. I wanted it to lay down some quick vocal melodies over rough tracks and it's good enough for that. Doesn't have a really great range, I think the RockBand mic has a better range than this, but like I said, it's a cheap mic so what can you expect. Honestly I should have saved my money and been a little more patient to get a better mic. overallrating 3   lineend
name Sabrehagn review This is a really nice microphone. It sounds really good and the worth far exceeds the minimal price. I would buy this again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Samuel Chell review I'm surprised that the maker of Amazon's popular AT2020 would go this low.  The mic, imo, is fully-valued, even at its single-digit price.  It's \"dynamic\" rather than \"condenser,\" but it still requires loads of power to get it up to workable levels (phantom power, which is a requirement for condenser mics, would probably not add sufficient heft). It's very lightweight and, with its optional plug and on/off switch, is versatile enough.  The quality of the sound, moreover, isn't bad--providing you can hear it.  Be prepared to have plenty of watts on hand to coax any appreciable sensitivity from this non-responsive creature.  (I haven't tested it for recording purposes.)  Despite appearances, this mic is no bargain. overallrating 3   lineend
name airchamp review  This tuner requies an excellent ear although there is a green light o indicte a true tune.It is good deal for the money overallrating 3   lineend
name arleas review It's about the size of a credit card, and half as thick as a deck of cards.  It's fairly light and the plastic feels a bit cheap but it does the job it's supposed to do.  You can either play the notes to the built in mic or connect it directly via a guitar cable.  It has a switch to change between Bass and Guitar, and it accounts for the extra strings on 5 string basses or 7 string guitars.It also has a button to tune it down lower (5 half steps) so you can do some alternate tunings too.Lastly it has a button for &#34;Sound&#34; so that it produces a tone for you to tune something to manually.  The display is very fine and kinda hard to read, but it has lights above the LCD screen to show if it's flat, in tune or sharp, so you can focus on that if you have trouble.It comes with 2 AAA batteries.  I have no idea how long they'll last yet but I have some rechargeable batteries for use in it later. overallrating 5   lineend
name callysto review This product was recommended to me by one of the books I am reading, and I must admit I was scared to death when I opened the package. My guitar has a built in tuner, so I found my room mate's guitar that was totally out of tune and just began tuning. I remembered &#34;Eddie Ate Dynamite Good Bye Eddie&#34; and just tuned away. It was easy, easy, easy and I realized what to do within mere moments. Money very well spent and highly recommended. I have an acoustic/ electric and it has multiple settings. I found what I was comfortable with, and just tuned to standard. Could not be any happier! Get this product!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Charlo review I've had one of these for several years and it has proven to be cheap, durable, and reasonably accurate.  I own several different tuners and what I like about this one is that the microphone works well and is accurate for tuning an acoustic guitar.  Batteries last a long time if you turn the tuner off after you use it.  At ten dollars, I think it's a no-brainer.  It's the perfect size and price to throw one in every gig bag you own. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cheri review Purchased this Korg Guitar and Bass Tuner for our son who uses it to tune his acoustic and electric guitar. He says its easy to use and is durable. It has LED lights to follow as well as a meter to use. Excellent product...highly recommend. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gomer review  I got this for Christmas last year ,as a beginner learning guitar ,this is a must have , works really good had mine for a year and it is still working and hadn't had to replace the battery's yet,, and I tune my guitar every time I play,  well worth it,, its so easy to use, overallrating 5   lineend
name Grand &amp;amp;#34;Kiki&amp;amp;#34; review  In the beginning I had problems.  However I have a Classical Guitar and I may have been hitting dual strings accidently at first.  After several days, I felt much better about it.  I'm pretty new to this so I take the blame. overallrating 3   lineend
name Igor B. review Korg GA1 Guitar and Bass Tuner is a very good and helpful tool to any guitar player.Buy it, you will never regret. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Carney review  Unless you tune to only standard tunings this thing is garbage! I tune my hellraiser to d then drop to c and it will not register. the needle either flops around constantly or just does not display the proper notes. overallrating 1   lineend
name Jerome Vencalek review I just recently started up learning guitar.This tuner has already paid for itself in checking that my guitar is in tune,great device!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Joel Linarez review I use it every day at work, I use it in my guitar classes.. Easy to use and perfect size... overallrating 5   lineend
name John review Cheap, Accurate over mic, even better over jack. Slot for your pick or coin is a joke and so far hasn't fit a pick or coin i stuck in it but that's just a dumb gimmick. Great pocket tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name Leon2142 review Well, i just got started playing guitar, and needed a tuner. This thing works well so far, but i didn't have the proper 1/4 inch connector yet to hook my guitar straight into the tuner, which i think would have made it work better. So i used the built-in microphone to tune my guitar. Had no problem with the first through fourth strings, but it had a very hard time picking up the much lower fifth and sixth strings. However, i found that the other strings were very well tuned when all was said and done, and i am happy with my purchase. overallrating 4   lineend
name Leo of San Francisco. review  I don't know much about guitar tuners, but I am sure you can pay for a more expensive one, but this one does the job.  It was not hard to figure out how to use it, and the Fender is a happier guitar for it. overallrating 4   lineend
name PK review  One of the best & accurate tuners that I have ever used. I have been playing guitar for 45 years & at this size & accuracy, you cannot beat this handy tuner. Fits in most guitar cases & is lightweight. A good tool to have for a guitar players bag of tricks. overallrating 5   lineend
name StudioDude review Wow! This tuner is currently the absolute best value in my home studio. It gets used daily! If you know anybody who has even the slightest use for this, get it! They won't be disappointed unless they tune below drop D. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tony Wall review I saw this tuner in the local music store for $30 and decided to order it here for $11. Within 5 minutes I had my guitar tuned and it sounds perfect. I compared the plug in tuning to the microphone tuning and it was identical! I honestly expected some variance but it was dead on. I have never heard my guitar sound so good. I am super impressed with this little thing. If ever I need another one, this is the only one I will get. overallrating 5   lineend
name CJB review  EXCELLENT Guitar Stand. I use it to cradle my Electric Guitar, it works beautifully. Easy to to find my guitar when I want it and easy to rest it when I'm done. All you have to do is find a less traveled corner and the problem is solved. Before this Stand I used to have to hang the E-Guitar which is a risk because Electric guitars are heavy, and a pain in the neck because I had to lift and aim to hang which way too much effort after one is done playing for 2 or 3 hours. overallrating 5   lineend
name grandpa review  I have at least 5 of these. I like the small footprint, plus it collapses for flat storage or transport. Holds acoustic or electric. Good quality, stable, economical. I have read that the foam padding can react with nitrocellulose lacquer and mar the instruments finish. I haven't seen that on my older stands, but to error on the side of caution, I have glued thin leather to the back and lower support of the stands. It is working fine. I bought the first about 10 years ago. It is still like new. overallrating 5   lineend
name James Tepper review  I was looking for a portable fold-up stand that I could take to gigs and searched around.  Found the Guardian at Amazon and thought for $10, how could I go wrong?  Oops! Wrong.  The stand is sturdy and folds up nicely, but I found it next to impossible to get my Fender Jazz bass to stand up in it.  The lack of an extended support for the neck means you have to try to balance the guitar very precisely against the apex of the stand and pray that no one gets near it or that the wind doesn't blow.  This is OK for a lightweight acoustic that you don't care too much about, but for for an electric guitar or bass, no way.I just ordered a different one with a tripod base and a neck support.  Live and learn. overallrating 1   lineend
name Johanna Livingstone review  Had one of these before but had given it away when I gave my old guitar away...wanted one again so found this one and bought it. Works well! overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Andrews review  I have an Epiphone Les Paul and this stand does not hold it at all.  The holders are too far apart to keep the guitar from sliding through onto the floor.  Maybe it's a decent stand for an acoustic or a fatter electric.  But given that Les Paul is a pretty popular model of guitar, this should not be sold as an electric guitar stand.  I'm rating it for what it is sold as, and for that, it gets 1 star, and only because since there is no zero. overallrating 1   lineend
name RON IN USA review  I JUST BOUGHT A NEW GUITAR AND WILL BE BUYING ANOTHER ONE OF THESE.  THE PRICE IS GREAT AND IT WORKS!  VERY HAPPY WITH THIS STAND overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  Simply the best picks ever for Bass.  Recommended by Eric Friedman on a post and Im glad I followed the recommendation.  Cost Twice as much as Tortex picks so I use these Dunlop picks for gigs and rehearsal and use the cheap-o picks for my finger exercises overallrating 5   lineend
name bk from the states review  I love these picks.  They last a long, long time and are surprisingly easy to grip.  Currently my go to picks overallrating 5   lineend
name crazy finger magic review Nice grip. Sound articulate. Durable. Nice!!!!! I own HUNDREDS of picks and this is my new favorite. I bought 2 gauges. Both are going to be used for years. overallrating 5   lineend
name GJack review These pick have a permanent, fine coat of rough finish over the translucent material. It wears off and smoothens out around the tip on usage but that does not affect the tone. In fact, I found it increases speed. These are perfect for a fast-paced style of picking. The tone is bright and snappy!Good quality material ensures I won't be needing another set for a long time! overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Edgar Mihelic review  I really dig these.  I have been playing lead with them for a couple of weeks, and the worst thing is that when I drop them, they are impossible to find on my beige carpet.  The one I'm using has barely worn with at least 10 hours of playing on it.The size of the pick is the same as normal, it is just more tapered.  I tried to pick out stuff on the bass with it, but it was a little to much work as I dipped it too far into the strings, so I reverted back to a wider gator grip 1.14, which works better with the bigger strings. I am still searching for the world's perfect all-purpose pick. This works until then overallrating 5   lineend
name Leland W. Morris review  Nice pic's that work well when you are really jammin on a tune. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bob Dillin review I like this product. The screen is big and easily read. The meter is responsive and lets you know via a the needle, the note (sharp or flat) and by the background color going green to red. It takes 2-3 seconds to 'hear' the string but then it locks right in for all notes, even the low E.  It's really easy to use and I'm really happy with it. Its so much better than my Korg CA-1.  The only suggestion for improvement would be another swivel. It takes a minute or two to figure out how to attach it to the guitar head and have the screen in the right position. An additional swivel would make it perfect overallrating 5   lineend
name Bubb Rubb review it tunes my ukuleles! it tunes my guitar! i can even see how close my voice is to being on pitch! hooray for this tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name DM review  The tuning is accurate, the LCD screen is clearly visible, it works great!! I'm not sure about battery life, I haven't gotten there yet. overallrating 5   lineend
name jbnomad review This tuner work well. one of the features is that when its not on one of the notes the full screen is RED. So it easy to quickly tune up. overallrating 4   lineend
name k2review review works well but honestly there are better tuners for less money. But all in all works well. Good display and very easy to use. overallrating 4   lineend
name Robert Baxter review The technology is fine but the attachment to the instrument isn't very friendly. Snark rotates to any position I want, but Intellitouch ends up being upside down. It works fine but it's inconvenient. overallrating 2   lineend
name Robert M. Koretsky review  I have the PT2, which is not backlit, so I bought this one for use in dimly-lit venues. It worked great right out of the box: put in the battery, clipped it onto a standard acoustic guitar headstock, turned it on, and began tuning. The display is big ( 1-1/4\" X 1-1/4 \"), bright even in a bright room, and when the string is in-tune, the backlit background turns from red to green( like Christmas!). I put on a brand new set of strings, and used it to bring each one up to pitch. I found that plucking the string with your finger and then adjusting makes the tuner \"waver\" less, probably because fewer overtones are being produced. All of these type of tuners have some degree of hesitancy when reading the string pitch, moreso on some of the strings than others, but I found that this unit locked in on the signal quickly and gave a very accurate reading. I can use a pick to pluck the string as well and this device, after a very brief pause( less than a 10th of a second), gives me a reading or gives me the green. I don't use any of the other features. I also did not use it to tune any other stringed instrument.The only other comment I have about it is that the on button should have been placed on the top of the unit as you clip it onto the headstock, but I just mount the unit over towards one side, and turn it on and off from the bottom.I would highly recommend this for a anyone looking to quickly tune-up a guitar in a noisy, dimly-lit room.Update-August 2012: Replaced the battery after 2 years, with a good quality Sony lithium, and the tuner is still going strong! overallrating 5   lineend
name Rock Daisy review Not my first Intellitouch tuner.  I really like these tuners, they are easy to use and easy to see when tuning up the guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name YetAnotherITGuy review  I bought one of these about a year ago and I am going to buy a second one to keep in my gutar case as a back-up. Great tuner, just clip it on the headstock, turn it on and tune -- display changes to bright green when you are exactly in tune so I can even do it without my glasses on. I have used it in noisy environments (other instruments tuning or playing) and it still works, never had a problem with it picking up tuning informatiom clipped to the headstock of either my acoustic guitar or Fender Stratocastor.The ONLY thing that could use improvement is the auto-off function; mine has failed to detect an extended duration of NO audio energy and as such, stayed turned on until it drained the battery. After that, I got in the habit of making SURE I turned it off when not in use. And it uses commonly found 2032 cell batteries so not A big deal to replace (just grab a two-pack of them at the grocery store to keep on hand).Overall, very useful, accurate device and worth a few extra dollars. overallrating 4   lineend
name Charles Forquignon review  This pad is great for midi VSTi's, Drums, Queuing, and it's got great action! Works great with Ableton, Reason, FL Studio, Cantabile Performer and a whole bunch more DAWs and hosts.The software is a little lame and doesn't always work properly... but you don't really need it that much anyways... so it's whatever.. overallrating 4   lineend
name David M. Gammon review  After online research, I decided to buy (and found locally) this midi pad to use in Reason 4. Although not confirmed (online) as working with Reason, I was happy to see it worked immediately with no problems. My CPU is Windows 7, but it worked on my MSI netbook also. This unit also worked in Ableton Live (as stated online). I would recommend this pad to anyone looking for an affordable midi drum pad that works in many music programs. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ed Figueroa review I own a Native Instruments Maschine Mikro...but find myself using this even more often. You can program it to whatever MIDI values you want. The pads themselves are as solid as devices several times more expensive. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Hassey review I share most of the same sentiments.The pads are a little stiff, but this works, does the job and is such a small package!Fit's in my Macbook bag - overallrating 4   lineend
name tekHedd review  I love the pads and the knobs. I used it with Live 8. The software side requires a bit of configuration to work with some software, but ultimately was stable and functional EXCEPT...With my laptop, the USB power supply must be noisy, because the LPD8 will lose its connection and power if you even gently touch one of the cables--however, it works fine if I use a (very cheap!) powered USB hub in between. I suspect that it does not contain adequate filtering for the power supply. So it may not work in some configurations.Lose a star, because I really love it but in my configuration I am not willing to add a gratuitous USB hub and another wall wart to my road rig. Nice try, akai.[Updated update! 12 jan 013]I have tried a different LPD8 to compare--it does not have the problem! On the systems where my old LPD8 would be flaky, the new LPD8 is rock solid. It appears that I have a broken one with an intermittent problem. If yours has this problem, send it back while it's still in warranty.So that's nice. Now it's really a great product that I can, um, sort of recommend to everyone. However, considering that AKAI \"professional\" has us doing their QC for them, I'd suggest saving the shipping box in case you need to return it for an exchange...at least for a few weeks. overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review This product has almost zero documentation in the box or on the Akai Pro website.  Technical support is also almost zero.  Akai seems to not care about getting new users up to speed on their products.  Customer service is basically \"If you have to ask, you should not buy this\".  I asked the Akai technical department which sequencer software I needed and they told me to go to a Music store!  This may sound stupid but unless you have a lot of MIDI knowledge and experience don't buy this product.  Try finding a MIDI tutorial that is usable.  Good luck with that chore.Added 08Nov2010: The keyboard arrived with one of the bottom rubber footpads missing.  I sent an email to Akai asking for a replacement but they do not have any parts.  I find that unbelievable. overallrating 1   lineend
name Andy Baird review  This is a great little keyboard for use with GarageBand on the iPad. GarageBand recognizes it as a controller for the Keyboard, Smart Keyboard, Sampler, Smart Guitar, Smart Bass, and Drums. You can even solo on the Akai keyboard while the Smart Keyboard autoplays an accompaniment! In addition to offering the superior feel of a real keyboard, this Akai keyboard has much more consistent touch sensitivity than what's built into GarageBand for iPad.Unlike other keyboard controllers I've tried, this one plugs and plays with the iPad--no powered USB hub required. (You do need Apple's Camera connection Kit, of course, to add a USB port to your iPad.) It's not loaded with gimmicks--just the essentials, and the essentials work very well indeed. The keys are 85% of standard width, which is large enough for fumble-free playing. It's lightweight, compact and thus perfectly suited as an iPad accessory. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Hassey review Still glad I have it -Would prefer to exchange a slightly larger package for full size keys, and the action is a little weak - less than 'synth' action..but it works great, weighs almost nothing and is ultra-portable. overallrating 4   lineend
name Samuel Chell review First of all, don't be review  ers claim this fifty-buck inputting device to be.  Akai is considered a budget-priced version of, and a step down, from Sony, which in the minds of some has dropped a few steps lower itself.  But it's the ideal solution for many of us who may be working at a desktop computer with Garageband, Band-in-the-Box, Finale, Sibelius, Audacity or a similar program.  The last thing I would do is lug a 50-pound PC or SP Kurzweil model (plus AC power transformer) upstairs to place on an over-crowded desk. Even the 12-pound Yamaha NP-30, with its 76 notes, is awkward to use for this purpose.  Make it nothing longer than a 41-note keyboard, but if you can get one at half the price of the E-Music 41-note, that may be the handiest, most practical device for your needs.Sure, there are alternatives.  You can click at a \"virtual keyboard\" that Garageband makes available for a mouse--but it's slow.  Or you can download a virtual keyboard to your iPad (or iPod) for a couple of bucks, but it's limited to no more than an octave and a \"touch screen\" which, though superior to mouse-clicking, still isn't as satisfying or \"immediate\" as inputting by pressing down on actual, physical keys.This cheaply-made--even \"cheap\"--but effective Akai keyboard fits the bill very nicely, especially for someone who's working in congested space.  It's regrettable the company refers to it as a \"performance\" keyboard.  It's nothing of the sort, nor should it be.  That's the reason I initially went with the NP30, only to find that the bi-purpose instrument I had in mind was impractical for either intended use.Take a look at the Korg \"Nano\" piano, and if you're a pianist, you'll immediately see the superiority of the Akai.  But be careful not to be lulled into purchasing the deluxe model of either the Akai or the E-Music, or you'll be close to spending as much as you would for a keyboard that lives up to the name \"Performance.\"  This Akai model looks and feels like a kindergartner's ten-dollar toy, but it's the best compromise I've been able to turn up for my crowded work area. overallrating 4   lineend
name Steveo review I got this and it works well apart from the fact you have to really bang down on the keys, Im hoping over time they will be easier to press overallrating 4   lineend
name M. LeFevers review I was so excited to discover that you can buy these on their own. I am a huge devotee of Dunlop strap locks -- having dropped both my electric guitar and my bass on stage at one time or another, I have now installed these on all my main performing guitars.So it was a given that when I started gigging with a new bass, I would put strap locks on it. But I already have my fancy bass strap decked out with the lock mechanisms, so I really only needed these buttons. I was on the verge of resigning myself to buying the whole set again and throwing the extra strap lock parts into a drawer when I found these. Buying the buttons alone cost less than half what the whole set would have, and now I can just shuttle my one bass strap between both instruments.I did have some major difficulty getting one of the two screws all the way tightened, but since I have attached strap lock buttons at least four other times and it was easy as pie, I'm more inclined to blame my instrument for that.Great product. I'm elated to know I can now get these buttons separately. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr.Malapropism review This is great for those who already own strap locks and just want to gear up the rest of your collection.  no sense spending alot of money on hardware you wont use.  the price was ok. overallrating 4   lineend
name Paparaptor review Once you install a full Dunlop Strap Lock on a guitar and strap, that strap becomes unusable on any guitar that isn't equipped with Dunlop buttons.  Since I only use about 3 straps but have more than 3 guitars, it didn't make much sense to buy full strap locks.  My only concern when I ordered these buttons was that they might not be exactly like the Dunlops and not securely keep the guitar and strap connected.These buttons look and act exactly like the ones that come with a full set of strap locks.  After testing a set, I have now purchased buttons for most of my guitars.  The side benefit is that they are fully functional when used with a guitar strap that is not equipped with the Dunlop locks. overallrating 5   lineend
name P. Hublein review Looks nice, hardware is good, and it works great on that extra guitar you might have without the need to buy the whole set. Now I have one strap and can swap guitars fast and not worry about dropping my guitar! overallrating 5   lineend
name Rob M. review These are perfect for those using Dunlop strap locks but have more guitars than straps.  These are Allparts parts, quick USPS shipping. overallrating 5   lineend
name David Basham review This will give you the delay and compression that you need for country twang on the telecaster. It will also give you a rhythm track to play along too. The rhythm machine has 44 rhythms with adjustable volume and tempo. It is not perfect as it has no on/off switch, it reverts to default mode when you power it up, it is a little hard to set volume and tempo on drum beats. It only cost around $60 so perfection should not be expected. For practice and the home studio it is great. overallrating 5   lineend
name JuanKiDaz review After lots of researching I finally decided to buy this Zoom pedal, so far it has worked great, has all the features mentioned, lots of great options, also a great guitar tuner. For those doubting, you actually can just plug your headphones in the output jack and practice without an amp, which was an amazing bonus for me since I've yet to buy my amp. 5 starts, totally recommend it for a begginers guitar effects pedal! overallrating 5   lineend
name Ken Yo review As usual an excellent Zoom product.Adds to my playing. Just love this thing. Not too difficult to get the hang of. Even for me. overallrating 5   lineend
name Meganicus review The effects are good but the controls and setups are clumsy and kind of annoying and after a while I just couldn't live with it. overallrating 3   lineend
name paul day review I got this in the mail a week ago and have played with it constantly.there is so much in this little box! i was just interested in the drum tracks in it when i bought it but i have since stopped using all of my other effects and just used this! i highly recomend this to anyone who plays an electric guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Grider review Just got this. It is my first pedal of any sort. It has many tones and a library of other settings I can play with. I just plug in my headphones and I am off in my own world when I play. I can change the sound of the guitar to match whatever I want, or at least get close to what I want. I see myself using this for a good while before I need to upgrade. This also came with an AC adapter, even though the box said it didn't. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ariana Rivadeneira review  Comfortable and very nice fabric!! love it!! =) looks awesome with my white jackson! and u can also adjust it to your body =) overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Hood review  its just a basick thin leather strap, my only problem with it is it could be longer my bass sits to high with this strap set at its longest setting overallrating 4   lineend
name CruiseTraveler review Great strap for the price. Absolutely no complaints/issues at all. Light weight but sturdy. I was able to put strap locks on this strap with no issues and it works great. Comfortable as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Danny K. review It does the job but it is a little low on the quality side.  Surprisingly it is not that stiff; not surprisingly I think that has to do with the quality/thickness of the leather.  I don't know if I'm slower than the usual folk but it took awhile for me to learn to adjust it; you have to remove the &#34;buckle&#34; strap to readjust the strap to length.Bottom line?  It works and I feel comfortable with it supporting my axe. overallrating 3   lineend
name D. Gray review  But dont let that deter you. That just means it will break-in that much more quickly. My favorite strap is not padded in any way, like this strap, but a little wider. I use this on a Telecaster and it looks nice and matches well with the color scheme of the guitar. I hooked a couple4pcs Round Head Strap Locks Black for Guitar Schaller-styleon it and away we went. The strap is made in Canada from decent quality leather(not bonded) and the gold Fender logo is understated, yet classy. It's a classic strap from Fender. What else is there to say? overallrating 3   lineend
name Gilberto Moreno review  Very beatiful and good quality. Nothing bad to say, it's a Fender strap with the hard rock leather look! Highly recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name GunHawk review Not much to say about a plain leather strap except that it's what I wanted and serves me well with the Fender guitar it's strapped to. overallrating 5   lineend
name Katheryn Bowling review Very nice quality of leather. It's just a little bit short for my taste. The guitar rested too high for my liking. With some creative engineering I was able to get it to the length I needed. overallrating 3   lineend
name L. Dustin review Very nice guitar strap. I bought it for my ukulele and it works fine. Good leather and believe it or not made in Canada not China! I would recommend this item for either guitars or in my case Ukuleles. Good value! Great seller and fast delivery. Thanks Amazon for a great product! overallrating 5   lineend
name Philip Gardner review Plain leather. Looks good and has the Fender logo prominent. No padding, which may be a bit of a problem if you are playing long hours. I use it on a black and white Stratocaster and am happy with it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Richard L. Chism review This strap works fine for my acoustic using the leather laces to tie around the neck of the guitar.  I didn't like it so much for my electric guitar, because I was nervous that it would come loose, since the leather &#34;buttonholes' are somewhat wimpy.  If you have a heavy electric guitar, I recommend that you buy a locking guitar strap or something with thicker leather.  It would have been better if it had a felt backing, or at least an adjustable pad. overallrating 4   lineend
name Yeemeister review This is a nice strap.  It feels really durable.  I like the black side and the soft leather side.  It feels good around my shoulders overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob review The Pyle-Pro PMKS8 mic stand is good for someone looking to buy on a budget. It's fairly solid, heavy enough to hold itself down, and is flexible enough to position the mic how you need it.There are a few issues, however. The metal neck is difficult to tighten onto its base without causing the microphone to be crooked. This means you have to choose between having a straight forward mic and having a mic which doesn't swivel around on its base. The mic holder has the same issue.I would not use this mic stand for an event where it's plainly visible to an audience. It is simply too difficult to position it to look good on camera.I would use this mic stand for personal voice recording an communication. It's great for a desk or a small recording studio. overallrating 3   lineend
name Dan Dreifort review  Perfect for my obscure use.I discarded the mic clip (or more so, added it to my collection,) and attached a RAM mount to the gooseneck. Now I have a universal articulating mount on a flexible post. What to do with it? I use this contraption to watch movies on my ipod touch on long flights. No more holding a little phone-sized thing up to my face for hours on end. This stand and the mount get the small screen right up to my line of vision. overallrating 5   lineend
name James E. Jefferson, Jr. review  What can you say about something that you need but is really insignificant in the scheme of things.  I needed it and it works simple as that overallrating 5   lineend
name Roy Aaroen Sr review It's always been a problem trying to keep the Desk microphone in one place. Promblem resolved, by purchasing this stand my heavy Shure57 stays in one place. The only thing is I wish the flex was a little longer, about three inches would be great. But otherwise a wise and good purchase. overallrating 4   lineend
name Terry Schoenberger review This is what it shows, a simple small mic stand that dont fall over. Good for table top, cajon hole by floor or recording.Its well made and works well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I ordered this tuner so I could carry it around with my ukelele in a gig bag.  It's worked fine.  I've used it to tune a ukelele, a bass, and a guitar, and it works fine on all counts.  I have no complaints about it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob Dillin review This is a good item and has served me well.  However I just upgraded to an Intellitouch PT10 for a bit more money and its a much more convenient and really easy to use.  The Korg runs off of ambient sound and gets interference from background noise while the Intellitouch is a clip on and uses vibration to 'hear' the note. overallrating 4   lineend
name carolinaautoguy review Easy to use and accurate. Only issue in tuning Drop d or b on a 5 - String bass... it takes longer to find the sweet spot to tune it. It tends to fall off quickly on low notes. Microphone works well for acoustic guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name crazy_flutist review Works well as a tuner, but I did return it to buy the Korg tuner/metronome combo.  Thought it would be easier to have it all in one machine.  However, this worked fine as a plain tuner. overallrating 4   lineend
name H. S. Ryu review  I have a lot of guitar tuners in the house. I've had few handheld units, some apps on my phone, the Korg Pitch Black, some Fender thing, the Boss TU-3, and the TC Electronic Polytune. I can say that the only tuner that I prefer over this one is the Pitch Black. This little CA1 is actually faster and better than the TU-3 by a hair, and absolutely kills the Polytune in speed and accuracy. Korg really knows how to build their tuners, and this one is a truly great one. Works great for acoustic guitars as well as electric, and also does a fine job on basses, too. I don't know if it's accurate enough for a piano, but it is what it is. overallrating 5   lineend
name John review This is a nice tuner that works great. nice part is it works on ALL stringed instrument. I will tell you my 1st one did go belly up but Korg's awesome warranty covered it and my 2nd one works great. This is the tuner you want! overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review I've got a couple of these and for the most part I'm very satisfied. On the Mandy, absolutely no problems. On guitars it sometimes doesn't register on the low E. Usually, moving around helps. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bill Lewey review  I love thes, I keep buying them for every instrument I have, so I am never with out it... overallrating 5   lineend
name bobby 12333 review I already owned two of these Tuners previously & purchased these for friends. They are great for jamming with friends & are so user friendly & accurate. What is really impressive is that they can stay attached to the headstock of my guitar whileplaying making touch up tuning a breeze. I love mine & so do my friends. In my opinion for the price they are hard to beat. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bobby L. Tefft review I have two of them.  One in the guitar case holding my Martin HD28 and the other in the case of my Blueridge flattop.  Just clip it on about the nut and tune away.  Pickers playing next to me don't interfere with me tuning.Works great! overallrating 5   lineend
name Brock Martin review I have owned just about every tuner made.  They all had pluses and minuses.  I like this one a lot.  It is my tuner of choice right now.  The backlit screen is great and the tuner is accurate.  It is also small, which I appreciate.  For this price ($15) you simply can't go wrong. overallrating 4   lineend
name Charles Grall review  This neat little tuner has it all.  It is cheap to buy at Amazon but delivers outstanding results on tuning.  Unlike some of my tuners, this one picks up all the notes easily and gives a smooth and accurate reading.  I love the way it folds flat so I can get my instruments in the case with it still clamped on.  I keep one on my guitar and another on my fiddle at all times.  There is no more forgetting my tuner or misplacing it somewhere and losing it.  It's a must have.  It was only about $15 at Amazon and worth many times that amount. overallrating 5   lineend
name Coffee Drinker review This thing is a little jewel. I have a jazz guitarr&oacute;n, i.e., a modified Mexican Mariachi guitarr&oacute;n that is custom strung down to the third E below middle C, which is E1 at 41.2 Hz. This little tuner does the job. It works clipped onto the head, and on the bridge also, but a guitarr&oacute;n bridge is a bit wide for it, so clipped directly onto the lower edge of the sound hole, i.e., near the the most treble-sounding string. There it works perfectly and consistently even on that lowest E and it's entirely out of the way since my right hand is coming at the strings from near the bass-most string.Bold_strummer mentions that it buzzed on his classical guitar, and initially I found the same problem, BUT it turned out NOT to be the tuner's fault, but mine. After tuning, I had gotten into the habit of turning it face down against the wood of my instrument. When I did that it made just enough contact with the surface of my instrument to create a buzz. It took me two weeks to figure out what was making the buzz since the noise was coming directly out of the sound hole even though I had the tuner clipped to the head at the time. When I realized it was the turner, all I had to do was NOT turn it down against the instrument when I wasn't using it. Ever since then, no buzz. Brilliant, huh?  c|:-?Another reviewer's idea about getting two of these so as to keep a spare packed in your gig bag is a great one. At this price, why not? This is a great little item. overallrating 5   lineend
name grandpa review  This tuner has a bright backlight , a padded clip,it rotates, pivots, does flats, and  calibration from 440Hz to 438Hz. Simple to use. Runs on one CR 2032 pancake battery(included). What's not to like. 5 stars all the way. I have 4 others in different cases and one on my work bench. They have been very dependable and easy on batteries. This one goes in a case for a tele copy, that I just finished.Additional Edit. 03/20/2013-This particular unit does not respond a quickly as other identical tuners that I have. I is accurate, just doesn't respond to the string a fast. I still give it 5 stars overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Vazquez review This little tuner is very precise. It's fast, and easy to use. I got two of them. It works better than the ones with a built-in mic that capture other sounds and make it difficult to tune your instrument. Works for guitar, bass, violin, or any string instrument. overallrating 5   lineend
name JerryWithaJ review The Intelli IMT-500--The tuner that killed the Intellitouch!There are scores of chromatic tuners on the market.  Most work by using a small built-in microphone that picks up sound waves.  In order to be used effectively, the tuning space must be relatively quiet.  Many of these tuners have input jacks that allow electric guitars to be connected directly and tuned by the electronic signal they produce. A bunch of years ago a variety of clip-on-microphones began to be marketed.  The microphone could be clipped to any instrument and its cord attach to an electronic tuner.  Now, anyone could tune an instrument no matter what the background noise.Then, the Intellitouch tuner hit the market.  The entire tuner clipped onto the instrument.  One could tune an acoustic instrument in a noisy environment.  There was no cord to deal with and the instrument could stay clipped to the headstock or quickly removed and slid into a pocket or case.  Talk about convenience.  Jams and festivals (bluegrass, folk, whatever) became seas of Intellitouch tuners.Intellitouch owned the market even though there were so many situations where they did not work well. In particular, they have trouble with the bass notes of dreadnought sized guitars. The more overtones an instrument produces, the worse the tuner behaves. The bass string of a Martin rosewood dreadnought was near impossible to tune without using one of the many workarounds that owners developed.  So, it was very much a love-hate relationship.  The shortcomings were huge, but the convenience meant that they were tolerated.Then, came the Intelli.  It was an Intellitouch that worked, if not perfectly, then a whole lot better.  The amazing thing is that the switch from Intellitouch to Intelli wasn't gradual.  Within six months of its introduction, jams and festivals became seas of Intelli tuners.  People were throwing their Intellitouches into drawers (if they weren't lucky enough to find a die hard holdout willing to buy one second-hand) to get the Intelli.  That's a considerable investment to abandon.  But, why not?  The Intelli is half the price of the Intellitouch and works a whole lot better.  They are so inexpensive that it's easy to justify getting one for the practice area and one for the case so that you don't have to worry about forgetting to pack it.Anyone who will ever have to tune an acoustic instrument in a noisy environment will quickly find this tuner indispensable.  And it works darn well in a quiet environment, too!Highly recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name Loveguitar review I only have used this tuner on classical guitars (the ones with nylon strings).  I teach classical guitar and have had the opportunity to use it on many different classical guitars of varying quality.  It has tuned them all very well.  A great advantage I've found using this tuner (Tune Tech TT500) verses tuners which use a microphone, is that I can now talk with my students while tuning and no longer have to ask them to please be quiet while I tune their guitars.  Kids especially like to talk and now I can fully engage in conversation with them while tuning their guitars.  The only problem I've noticed, and thus only 4 stars, is that I usually have to begin tuning with any string other than the low E string.  For some reason, the tuner seems to have trouble sensing the low E vibrations and the needle will not move.  This problem has always resolved itself when I tune another string and then tune the low E.PROS:1.  Pitch is registered quickly with minimal needle fluctuations2.  Ambient noise does not disturb tuning sensor3.  Small and compact4.  Swivel head for ease of viewing the screen.5.  The screen is very bright and is also easily seen in direct sunlight.6.  Rubber feet on clamp will not scratch guitar7.  Clamp is strong and will open wide but easy to squeeze open with fingers.8.  Being a chromatic tuner means you are not stuck just tuning EADGBE.  It's tuning range is 12 note. A2 - B7.9.  Will automatically turn itself off after 3 minutes of non-use.CONS:1.  Delay on tuning low E string2.  Buttons rattle while tuning 2nd string, B.3.  Plastic on screen scratches easilyI don't yet know how long the button battery will last or how much battery replacements cost.  I will update this review when I have that information.  But for now, I am very pleased with this tuner.  I have owned many electronic tuners and this one so far beats them all.  I have also used it to tune my guitarlele and it tunes it darn near perfectly!  Great chromatic tuner at a great price - I love it! overallrating 4   lineend
name Mike review  I'm taking my KORG CA-30, which has no backlight, slow reset time, and a ridiculous \"stand\" feature - put a business card in the slot in the back, and try to find a level surface for it to stand upon - and putting it in my sock drawer with my decades old guitar pitch pipe. Also going in there is my Intellitouch tuner, which drives me nuts with the arrows and does not fit securely on my fiddle.For my fiddle, mandolin and guitar, I'll use my just received Intelli IMT-500 which is very compact (great for fiddle/mando cases), which has an outstanding backlight, superb accuracy and quick resetting.The Intelli, in its own manufacturers box (which has no shock-absorbing material),was placed in a larger shipping box by the distributor/seller \"The Instrument Store\ without any shock-absorbing material, leaving the Intelli, a very sensitive electronic metering device,subject to vibration and shock during the long trip down the east coast.It would be good for Amazon to teach sellers the basics of proper packing for shipping.It's not rocket science. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ralph Martin Smith review  This is the second tuner I have bought like this. I got it because I need a second tuner. They are very good tuners and I highly recomend any tuners this company makes. overallrating 5   lineend
name Secret Squirrel review  ... but not great either. The \"needle\" never seemed to stay still long enough to isolate the pitch. It also appears that the tuner wasn't reliable on the pitch end either. Recently ordered the red SNARK tuner here on Amazon, and I think it's much better- the Intelli does have the fact that it folds down snug against my guitar going for it- the snark is a little more bulky.Ultimately, the most important thing for me when it comes to tuners is accurate pitch, and readability- Snark wins out... this tuner works for sure, but I don't think it's the best out there.The Snark is cheaper too! overallrating 3   lineend
name the blessed one review i recently bought this one for myself but i gave it to my praise team leader. when he do turning his accoustic guitar while other players make sound, he always pull cable to connect the guitar and tunner. so i gave this to him to save some time. first he doubt that it would work just like other tunner, after he tried he was very pleased with the accuracy and convinience that he can tune his accoustic guitar while other players are playing. now it's time to treat myself with this gift, so i don't have to do what my leader did during band practice. i also want to mention that this product was made in korea not china~~! it's very rare thing to see now a days. overallrating 5   lineend
name Uriah Rose II review  I use this all the time for acoustic guitar/banjo/mandolin, as well as an autoharp and my daughter's fiddle. I'll be getting another one soon for her to keep in her fiddle case (wanted to teach her the basics of tuning by ear first or from another instrument like a piano or keyboard). This works well at a noisy jam and rarely gets confused. For my acoustic guitars it lets me easily tune to open G even if it's too noisy for me to hear it but it almost always stays in my mandolin case and gets used often for banjo as well. I've used it to tune my girlfriends autoharp and although the clip is stretched pretty wide it still does the job.Nobody really gets excited about tuners, but I've been playing a long time and nothing like this was around that I know of when I started out. If you wanted to tune and didn't have a 1/4\" input, good luck. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Baker review Bought this rosin to see how I would like it.  I have a very light hand on the bow, so I like a rosin that is on the aggressive side.  This is not.  Since all fiddlers have their own styles you have to deal with trial & error. overallrating 2   lineend
name Clare Chu review Jade rosin gives a extra grippiness to the bow.  It hardly generates any dust, and gives the bow that extra grab.  The only problem is that the effect wears off quickly.  I use it in combination with Motrya Gold. overallrating 5   lineend
name James M. Bailey review What can you say about Rosin?  This rosin seems to be better than the cheapo kind I had and so I feel it is worth the extra money. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jerry E. Semler review I have tried several rosins for my violin.  Of all of them, I especially like L'Opera Jade.  It leaves very little rosin dust on the violin.  Yet it gives you the tone quality you are looking for. overallrating 5   lineend
name SnoopGrampyGramps review Very good rosin and does exactly what is described.  A nice finish to the other rosin with specific bows.  No need to try mix rosin when a new bow with the rosin labeled on the bow will reduce the mystery of trying to figure out which bow to used in different temperatures and humidity. overallrating 5   lineend
name Aaron Madden review Very nice product and fits well and good quality. It's held up to my daughters abuse and recommend to everyone. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bluesage review  When playing an electric &#34;bodyless&#34; violin, that hurts the collar bone.  You MUST have one of these.  It changed the whole way I play now. overallrating 5   lineend
name Boiler98 review I bought this to go with my Cecilio 4/4 electric violin, and it fits perfectly.  It is not too tight, nor too loose.  It is very well made.  This shoulder rest is very comfortable, and really helps get the right playing angle. overallrating 5   lineend
name CUSTOMER review I am not an avid player but it fits good and for the price you can not beat it.  I thought it would not be as good but wow my surprise to it and the fit I have a 4/4 Violin I think handed down from my ggggrandfather the violin is so old can hardly tell what kind it is someone once told me it was one of those stratovariouses tempted to throw it out a couple of times but it is sentimental since it came from and handed down through the family, should just pitch the thing but now I do have a nice shoulder comforter.  Will definitely keep the shoulder thing even if I do pitch the violin for a nice shiney new one. overallrating 5   lineend
name David Burch review This shoulder rest is sturdy and remarkably easy to install on the fiddle. No adjustment is required once it is set for the instrument's size (3/4 or 4/4 -- arrived set for 4/4). It simply snaps on to the outer rim of the back, and the rubber feet keep it in place. Good value for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name happypup review This does work as described.  It arrives without any instructions whatsoever but its fairly obvious to figure out.  The reason I only gave it two stars however is because I find it so uncomfortable!  Its quite hard on your collarbone.  I have added foam to it and now it works well, but I suspect one might be better just buying a foam one in the first place. overallrating 2   lineend
name Igor B. review Everest EZ Series Shoulder Rest for 4/4 Violin is very good deal, if you are learning to play a violin.It helps you to keep the violin in right position all the time. overallrating 5   lineend
name Josiah Springman review I didn't use this a lot because it was a little uncomfortable. But is a well made product if you use it for what it's for. overallrating 4   lineend
name K. Harriger review  I am extremely happy with this product. I own several shoulder rests, and this quickly became my favorite and stays on my favorite violin. I have no problem whatsoever keeping it on the violin as long as it's in the proper position. The adjustability is a key factor, and I can turn one side low and the other side higher for a highly customized fit. The padding is also excellent and comfortable. A top-quality product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Garot M. Conklin review I like this pedal.  Its rugged and has a great range of tonal capabilities and rips for hardcore metal.  That being said, the blue LED while cool looking is actually blinding and I found myself placing a finger over it to just see the friggin' knobs for adjustments.  I guess that is a pretty weak complaint but IMO it's an impediment more than an enhancement.  Also the Gate and Scoop buttons feels pretty flimsy to me... which is not expected at this price point.  A moot point because I am not using the Gate at least as IMO it was &#34;weird&#34; in its Gating execution, sounded kind of like a very rough algorithm is being used instead of a nice smooth curve.  But all in all this thing tears it up in terms of pure shredding tone. overallrating 3   lineend
name Gordon Tubbs review BOTTOM LINE UP FRONT: The MXR Fullbore Metal is a high-octane distortion suitable for modern metal music. It's 3-band EQ with adjustable Midrange Q gives the MXR FM the ability to model virtually every other distortion out there.WHAT I LIKE about the pedal is that it's small, easy to operate, and doesn't take much time to dial in the tone you want. I play with a Marshall JCM2000 DSL50 going into a 1960A 4x12 using a Les Paul Standard, and it sounds amazing. I love the onboard Marshall JCM-flavored tube distortion, but it is more in line with the New Wave Of British Heavy Metal (obviously), and not entirely suitable for modern American metalcore. The MXR Fullbore Metal gets me to where I need to go. This is nice because I can use my amp to have a good clean and overdrive channel, and then tap the Fullbore when I need to play metal.WHAT I DISLIKE is that this pedal generates a lot of white noise, so you have to be careful with the Treble and Mid-Q knobs. However I also noticed that the amount of white noise also depended on my amp's EQ settings as well, so know in advance you'll need to spend a good 15-minutes doing a proper setup for recording purposes.WHAT ABOUT THE EH METAL MUFF? I owned a Metal Muff for years, and this pedal totally blows it away. The big &#34;selling point&#34; about the MM is that it has a Top Boost. Big deal. I wrote a review for the MM on Amazon, but in summary, the Top Boost makes everything sound weird and unmusical. Comparing the Top Boost to the Noise Gate in terms of the big &#34;selling point&#34;, the Fullbore's Noise Gate (which has adjustable sensitivity) to me seems like a MUCH better feature when thinking about how tight you want your rhythm guitar or leads to sound.WHAT ABOUT THE BOSS ME-70? I currently own an ME-70, and being totally honest - I think the negative peer pressure and crap guitarist's give each other about multi-effects is because in their mind they think an old-fashioned pedalboard with a thousand bucks worth of pedals is &#34;real&#34; whereas multi-effects pedals are &#34;fake&#34;. This might be true to some extent, but modern digital modeling is getting so close to vintage analog signal chains... that at some point the trade-off does indeed make sense. (FYI: Dave Mustaine uses a DigiTech GSP1101 as part of his live rig). #endrant. Anyway, the Boss ME-70 has only a few settings useful onstage, but not so much for recording since in the end, they do sound a tad digital, and the ME-70 compresses your signal. The MXR Fullbore does not compress, and sounds analog, so it wins.FOR RECORDING PURPOSES? I bought this pedal because I wanted a dedicated metal distortion to use for my Metal EP I'm self-recording. In conjunction with an ADA GCS-3, I created an all-analog signal chain for direct interface that sounds amazing. Check out the ADA GCS-3 if you can. It's an amazing speaker simulator, and it can take any pedal you throw at it and convert it into a beautifully sounding emulation as if the pedal itself was it's own 1x12 combo amplifier. Anyway, through the GCS-3, the Fullbore basically sounds like a Mesa-Boogie.WHY ONLY 4 STARS? The Fullbore isn't for everybody, it isn't for every guitar, or every amp, but by itself, it's really friggin good. I suppose if it had a 10-band EQ and a 12AX7 preamp circuit, it would be &#34;the best metal pedal&#34;, but for a small piece of gear, it's probably the best analog distortion on the market. overallrating 4   lineend
name guitarman6730 review This pedal is ok at best there are a lot better metal pedals out there the only thing this one really has going for it is it has a built in noise gate other wise this pedal is pretty thin sounding and has far to much gain then you will ever need. I would personally recommend the Electro-Harmonix Metal Muff over this any day it is a better sounding pedal for about the same price. overallrating 2   lineend
name jim beasley jr review Tis pedal really did for me what I wanted which was kick my little combo in the butt. Hard rock and heavy metal, classic metal is where it shines. I don't mess with the noise gate so I can't really comment on that. but everything else is first rate overallrating 5   lineend
name John S. review good tone but dicey controls. Like the features especially the noise gate but do not use the scoop very much. overallrating 4   lineend
name K. Miller review  This peddle works great! I looked at many products for, just the right distortion and this one just topped them all. So glad I went with the M116 overallrating 5   lineend
name Nike review Best distortion i ever used. It took me a while but i finally got that Preriphery / Protest The Hero Tone with this Plus my overdrive overallrating 5   lineend
name The Pusher review A lot of people like the Metal Muff over this and say you can dial in more distortion sounds. Well I have both. The Muff is good for various tones, but the MXR gives you that all out full metal tone. Having the built in gate is also nice and it works! The Muff is a lot more noisy. But I like em both. I just use them for different tones. If you want that full out metal tone, get this, trust me ;) overallrating 5   lineend
name A Customer review For those that want to record(I use Adobe Audition) this item is good for recording.I use to use my sound card. This provides a smoother sound and I don't have to worry about hissing when I record.You can just plug in your guitar or bass.Here is a letter I wrote to Tascam:On humble advice I would forward this email to all of your subsidiaries any retail store that sells Tascam USB audio devices! Anywhere in the world.Just today I got the new Tascam US-100 USB audio interface. It of course uses the Windows audio drivers. A nightmare occured. When I plugged in the device Windows XP had the usual \"detect USB device\" come up. But to my horror it wound up saying \"A hardware problem occured your hardware may not operate properly\" something of that sort.I spent over 4 hours trying to figure this whole thing out and I read the manual it came with. Tried all sorts of things oh brother! It still would not install. By the way this happened with a previous USB audio device, not made by Tascam, that did the excact same thing on my computer.But to my luck I found out what the problem was! Thank God for the website that had this on a blog!:In the c:\\windows\\inf folder there must exist two files:wdma_usb.infwdma_usb.PNFIt is really the .inf file that is important. Some software  seems to knock these out by renaming them to:wdma_usbinf.bakwdma_usbpnf.bakI simply found the files, opened them and renamed them to the proper names. And lo and behold when I restarted my computer the Tascan US 100 worked!Its easy to rename the files you just open wdma_usbinf.bakwdma_usbpnf.bak and  then save them as wdma_usb.infwdma_usb.PNF.Its that simple!!Anyone who works customer service for Tascam should know this. Like I said it happend with a previous USB audio device that I had and I woulnd up selling it at eBay cause I was so frustrated.I'm happy with the Tascam US 100.I hope this helps if your audio does not work on your computer. And it did the same with a USB phone. overallrating 4   lineend
name C. Hill review  This Tascam \"US-100 USB Audio Interface\" is exactly what I was looking for to record from our wireless mic with XLR outputs, directly to my PC video editing software. We professionally produce instructional videos and needed this for \"voice over\" work on existing footage. Before getting this convenient little unit we had to record into a camcorder and then import it into the PC, so this saves us a step when we only need to record audio. Here are my observations:+ Plug and Play; connected to my PC via USB and was instantly recognized+ USB Powered; no external power needed, a big plus when using my laptop+ Good Sound; clean and clear input+ Multiple Inputs; XLR, 1/4 Mic, RCA stereo line, and \"Hi-Z\" GuitarMisc:- XLR input is not powered (not a problem for us)- Includes \"Audacity\" software, but we did not need to load itHighly Recommended!CFH overallrating 5   lineend
name @ciscoza review Does it's job extremely well, produces high quality audio and is fantastic for recording your microphone or guitar or what have you without any fuzz or latency. It's built like a tank, and it's nice and solid. This interface is an amazing piece of beginner kit that will not disappoint. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fabio review I won't recommend this to anyone, i actually used this one as a sound card, since doesn't work good for recording.spend some more money if you want something good. overallrating 3   lineend
name frankp93 review  The US-100 works fine for my needs: rough and ready audio tracking with 32-bit Cubase 5 on 64-bit Windows 7. My PC is for general-use with a non-studio configuration (no mixer, non-phantom power mics, headphone monitoring).If you're buying for a studio setup requiring phantom power or multiple inputs, you'll need a separate mixer and/or standalone phantom supply. From the mixer you can cable to the US-100's line input via RCA jacks on the back.There were a couple of hiccups during setup, but I don't blame the device. It uses stock O/S drivers that loaded right up. The documentation is minimal and only covers up to Vista, but it's accurate and you'll manage with Win7. On the Windows side make the USB AudioCodec your default recording and playback device to override any onboard or card-based audio and speakers (I have Realtek onboard and 2.1 desktop speakers).I'm using ASIO4ALL with Cubase and Cubase crashed a couple of times while configuring VST connections and I/O busses. Once configured however, it's been solid.I'd recommend checking out user forums for your particular software/platform to find similar gotchas and to set your expectations.On an XP machine, changing the default sound devices often means the hassle of toggling settings before and after launching the DAW. On Win7, once I unplug the US-100, the settings revert nicely to my desktop speakers. If I plug the US-100 back in, the settings revert again - very reliable. Even better, if I want to use Cubase strictly for MIDI, the software detects the change and I don't have to reconfigure connections or busses. That may be a function of Cubase, so again it pays to research your particular software.While the US-100 is connected, you'll hear nothing from your computer speakers and have to rely upon the US-100's headphone jack or audio out RCA jacks. This is where the balance control is very helpful. It's not a pan, it's a center position gain mixing the computer's output (from within your DAW as well as outside system sounds) with direct monitoring of your input signal. Very simple to use for overdubbing. Some people may prefer a hard left/right pan while overdubbing: I can live with the center mix though a switch to toggle a true pan would have been a terrific feature.If you do want desktop speaker playback after your tracks are done, there are a number ways to go: 1) Unplug the US-100 and restart your DAW. 2) Run a cable from the RCA outs on the US-100 to the mini-jack aux in on your desktop speakers 3) Run a mini-jack extension cord from the headphone jack on the US-100 to the aux-in.While using the headphone jack, the RCA audio outs are muted and vis-versa. Rather than having to pull out the headphone I would prefer a push switch that toggles the front to back output, but I can live without it.Again, the US-100 works great so long as your needs meet its capabilities. You can't rely on the product description or packaging to answer that. Fortunately there's enough user-information out there for just about any setup it shouldn't be difficult to track down. overallrating 4   lineend
name Hannah Bananaz review  although the quality is obviously not that of a studio, this guy serves it's purpose and i am not dissapointed in buying it. i use it when i mess around in garageband, and it does a very good job for not being an expensive peice of equipment. it's also very easy to use, and the USB cord is super easy for using witha laptop or computer. plus, you canplug your headphones in and listen which is always a plus. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jared Jennings review got this to run instruments into my comp to use with sony acid, and this works well. I had problems with the sony acid (latency, boo) and while I downloaded an asio program to cut the latency, I don't use it really now, but is good to have when and if I use the sony for recording and not just mixing. the stereo sound on this is great, like true guitar stereo. overallrating 5   lineend
name JOHN O. review it is entry level but only records one channel even though it is misleading with multiple inputs and outputs. It works as a beginner tool but only that. mono only. overallrating 2   lineend
name S. Haney review I'm sick of protools and I wanted to find something cheap and easy until I could afford to upgrade to some real equipment to use with cubase.  This unit fit the bill and has decent reviews so I went for it.I'm using it to record guitar and vocals and it does the trick.  The problem is that it records a lot of hum and white noise when using the xlr input.  I've tried every variation possible to make sure the problem isn't external to the unit.  I even tested the exact same mic + cable input into my MBox with protools and got a clean recording.  I actually like this unit's \"tone\" better than the mbox - it seems more transparent.  If not for the hum, it would get 5 stars.Unfortunately, hum is a pretty big problem.  The hum isn't loud enough to ruin your recording of only one or two tracks.  If you start layering, though, you can quickly be overtaken by white noise.  I even tried moving the unit onto a different electrical circuit and still had the same problem.So, it works for rough stuff for your own use but I wouldn't use it for anything you plan on passing around much. overallrating 3   lineend
name Vince Lewis review  This was my first foray into home recording  and it comes with Audacityfor free.  Free is free, and you get what you pay for in terms of something that will not produce high qualty musical reproduction .  The interface is noisy, and it requred a lot of tweaking after the fact to get a reasonable sound without distorion and humms etc.  Sent it back after one day. overallrating 2   lineend
name Driver405 review Well, I don't really know what else to say.. I ordered them for the guitar, Though I won't be using them for the banjo. (I prefer the sound of clawhammer banjo)The thumb picks fit my thumb perfectly, and the finger picks only needed a tiny squeeze to stay put. They feel kind of alien right now, as it's the first time I've ever wore finger picks, but I'll get used to them eventually :P. overallrating 4   lineend
name Fender Fan review I just started playing banjo and did not want to wrap up tons of money in supplies. This was a perfect \"kit\" if you will giving you everything you need to start at a great price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gail review The picks arrived quickly, within a couple days of my order. They work well after adjusting them to fit. The thumb picks did not work so well for us, it was too big for me to get to fit in any way, and too small for my friend to use. overallrating 4   lineend
name hargy15 review Can't get your banjo to sound right without a great set of finger and thumb picks. have been using these for years now. overallrating 5   lineend
name JPfromOH review There is no doubt about it, National fingerpicks are pretty much the standard.  The metal fingerpicks are rock solid, sturdy-gauge steel.  The plastic thumbpicks match tone very well.  And, note that unlike what you may read in another review, they are adjustable.  You just need to heat them up in some hot water and bend to fit.  On my resonator, these provide a full, loud sound.  The only reasons that for me these don't rate 5 stars are that (1) the Pro-Pick F Tone fingerpicks I usually use provide much more of a sense of feel, and (2) the National fingerpicks have a tendency to be a little noisier than the Pro-Picks on the guitar's unwound strings.  Even though I like the National metal fingerpicks much better than plastic fingerpicks I've used, and even though they produce more fullness than the Pro-Picks, for me the sense of feel that I get from the open-finger design of the Pro-Picks trumps volume.  This is important to keep in mind for players whose only fingerpicking experience is with fingers alone.  Players who are already used to metal or plastic fingerpicks should give the National picks strong consideration.  They are solid, sound great, and this packaging of them is excellent!  By the way, the bonus pick is cute (and will go in my logo pick collection), but it's a very thin gauge to be useful to me on anything other than electric guitar. overallrating 4   lineend
name Sean Serritella review I just started learning the banjo and the picks are worth it. They really help me out and they are a cheap price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tinfoot review Just want to reiterate however what another review mentioned... the thumbpicks both came in medium, which at the time I didn't pay any attention to.  However, after about 3 weeks of using them (and the fingerpicks) on my banjo, I came to the conclusion that I needed a large size for my thumb (the mediums sat a little too high up my thumbnail for comfort). I suppose you could put them in hot water to \"stretch\" them out as I have read, but regardless, for a quick-n-dirty set for someone just starting out, its just the ticket without having to buy a bunch of sets of 12 to figure out what is comfortable.  With price/assortment in mind, I give 5 stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wm review This hand full of picks saves your fingernails, they are not the best, but easy to fit to the fingertips though the thumb picks that came are not the size I am used to. overallrating 4   lineend
name aceofbase review Nice accessory, hold plenty of sticks, and the angle makes it easier to get to them quickly. overallrating 5   lineend
name busdriver123 review I brought this for my husband drum set. He loves it . It is made very nice . I&#34;am happy. overallrating 5   lineend
name Keith Weiner review Sticks are well organized and always in reach.  This is a must-have item for drummers and the well-organized.  It fits the set perfectly and is quite practical. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Haller review  Practical, useful for drum kit. Tilts to match personal requirement. Fits easily onto cymbal stand and, importantly, holds in place during performances.  Prof Mike Haller overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael review it fits almost anywhere and looks cool, holds all my drumstick and whatnot, i would recommend it to anyone that needs a place for there sticks overallrating 5   lineend
name Peter Dillmann review This On Stage DA 100 Drum Stick holder works great and is super easy to attach. Looks good, feels good... don't know what else to write here to meet the review word count ;) overallrating 5   lineend
name Dapper Dan review Brass Tacks: is this the greatest mic in the world? No. But on a budget this mic is AMAZING. The lows and highs sound great and the mids sound well fleshed out. If you are looking for s nice rich sound, this is it.If you want to upgrade from a headset, cheap mic, Blue Yeti, or AT-2020; buy this mic and an audio interface. You won't regret it. overallrating 5   lineend
name David G review I compared this to a C1 which is pretty good for half the price.  I also tried two MXLs.  One V63.  This is much better hands down even if it costs 2x as much.  I noticed the difference on guitar.  On vocal it picks up a fair amount of noice around you.  But I realized that it's normal and the other mike just didn't pick stuff up which is worse.  The MXL v67g sounded warm on vocals and not too bad on guitar but if you got too close it gave you this fake low voice and that's just like taking the AT2035 signal and modifying it after you've recorded it.  Besides the bright green and gold was a little too much for me.  I tried the CAD M179.  That did better on the treble side but seemed to miss the mids.  I heard the AT2020 wasn't as good as the AT2035 so I went for it.  And it's more than the switches difference which I don't use anyway.  I didn't like the switches on the CAD M179 either.  It's confusing and I do gain or filter in my DAW.  I considered the NT-1 but at 80 bucks more than the 2035 it seemed like they were very similar.  At the end I'm satisfied with the 2035.  It's a work horse and costs a fraction of the more popular studio amps that have only a subtle difference to me.  I have been staying away from AT products because I didn't like the headphones compared to Sony's.  But this time I caved in because I don't see anything that competes at my price range.  For me this works like an sm57 microphone and costs about the same.  I can record my acoustic or electric guitar out of the cab or sing in it.  My challenge is to not get it to record echo in my room.  I've removed the door on my closet, put a shower curtain with a down comforter on it and record in there.  Ridiculous setup but I've save hundreds in insulation costs and hours of doing that.  For most vocals recording I don't use the closet.  Just use refir and some recording tricks to remove any unwanted noise.  So if things don't change this is my choice for best vocal and instrument microphone in the 100-250 price range.  Nice solid construction and vibration mount included.  It's rugged and I like it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Harry An review  The best deal for recording beginners. This mic can handle anything from vocal, guitar, drum, to all the other instruments.It's definitely flat and natural sounding, which I like. Just be aware it comes with a plastic shock mount, not a metal one like the AT2020 comes with. However, it's usable. overallrating 5   lineend
name Harry review I write and record my own music.  I use this microphone for vocals and acoustic guitar.  I replaced the cable that came with it with a Mogami and it sounds great.  Crystal clear and it doesn't color the recordings.  It will pick up ambient noise from the front, but that's to be expected.  It does a pretty good job of blocking ambient noise from the back.  Be sure to get a pop filter to go with it. overallrating 5   lineend
name kay bhee review what part u dont likeyo u  can use eq to wash it a bit awayit is quite good...CAN BE QUITE SIBILANCE PRONE, so beware...ehso for the priceHighly recommended...in these price ranges..stick to known brandslike shure, ev, at, etc...then come the newbies,a few models from mxl, etc etc...have fun overallrating 4   lineend
name Lee review I've been in professional broadcast studios that don't have mics as nice as this one. Good flat response, but you can also click the bass roll off and get a little cleaner voice if you don't like to EQ after the fact. Sounds like a million bucks. overallrating 5   lineend
name Loren Shirk review This this is great.  It is my first condenser mic, and at $149 it is a steal.I've always used Shure or Heil mics that cost over $250... This mic in a studio application smokes them.  It is obviously more clear and pure the moment you try it.  But if you really want to be amazed, do an A/B comparison.This mic has convinced me to  purchase the Audio-Technica  AT4040.  Cant wait to get it and I will review it also. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lumin review Enjoyable mic, has a decent frequency response range, nice patterning to not pick up too much ambient room noise. I usually have to do some post-processing on vocals, but in the genres I work in that's not exactly a rare thing. Either way sounds way better than I would expect for a mic at this price. Haven't tried it for drums or guitar  yet  but I'm impressed with it's ability to accurately capture vocals. While it doesn't have the warmth that some mics relay, I prefer it that way. It leaves a really clean, if slightly cold/flat feeling, that can then be warmed up in post production nicely.Good value for the sound, no complaints with the shock mount. Though make sure to be cautious with your mic placement, get a pop filter, and if you have a room with lots of ambient noise don't be shocked if it picks some of it up. All in all a good deal. overallrating 5   lineend
name ac0214 review I must say, in the beginning I was not thrilled with the product.  The coloring that it adds is relatively subtle unless cranked, however after using it for several weeks then not using it, I did notice a difference.  I found that using it as a gain input to the distortion pedal results in some very warm sweet sounding crunch :-)  very nice.  The type of coloring is available through a dip switch, which I guess is ok.  Not highly accessible though.  All in all this has stayed in my effects chain between the wah wah and the distortion box.  I normally leave it on and use the stomps available on my distortion pedal.  No plans to remove. overallrating 5   lineend
name ben review I've been nothing but pleased with this pedal so far. I use it boost my jazz bass to the same volume level as my precision.  It does the job perfectly.  The LED is REALLY bright, which for me is a good thing, but others might find distracting.  Also, it would convenient if there were external switches instead of internal dip switches for varying the settings, but in such a small footprint, there are bound to be tradeoffs. I'd buy this again for sure. overallrating 5   lineend
name fotoguy review A booster makes your signal louder!  That has been the case with all the clean boosters on the market like MXR Micro Amp, EHX LPB-1, BBE Boosta Grande, Modtone, etc.  They keep your guitar's original tone, make it louder and when pushed enough, will add a good amount of gain & grit.  But there is something else going on with the Xotic EP Booster.  Yes, it also makes the signal louder, adds gain or a little dirt, but also makes your overall sound bigger & wider!  Based on vintage echoplex units used by guitar heroes like Jimmy Page, Duane Allman, Gary Moore, etc.  This pedal is really small in size, has one knob & the footswitch.  It does have an internal dip switch.  You open up the back of the pedal & choose you own setting.  I leave at the classic setting, turn the gain knob at 9 or 10 o'clock & leave it on all the time.  I tried it before & after my OD pedals and my personal preference is \"after\"!  Being in front of the amp, it didn't do much when I tried to use just the dirt channel on my tube amp.  I put it in the FX loop & it boosted the signal alright but I didn't like it as much as in front of the amp boosting my OD pedals.This is one pedal that will stay on my board.  I doesn't take up much space, built to last and will make anything you throw before it sound better.  It does one job only but it does it so well! overallrating 5   lineend
name H18 review Look no further this is the best Booster with an internal EQ, what else can you ask for? Go for it, if you need a versatile small booster, it comes with a 9v battery overallrating 5   lineend
name Kevin review Indeed, this little blue-lighted wonder will make you famous. Not unlike the &#34;Three Wolf Moon&#34; shirt, this little pedal will get you the ladies (or if you're a lady, it will likely get you the guys). Either way, it gets you what you want! On top of that, it does a great job of boosting your signal from your guitar and getting you just a bit of &#34;oomph&#34;. In particular, I find it helpful when I'm running a lower output guitar through a long cable. Did I mention it has a blue light? The only downside is that you have to open up the back (with a screwdriver, so put that on your shopping list if you don't have one) to adjust the little switches that chance the tone. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mark Showalter review  As soon as I kicked this pedal in at unity gain, the difference was obvious.  I am most please at the boost feature which is amazing for one important reason: the noise level is nothing like what I was expecting.  I keep my amp clean & I found that even at around 11:00 the noise was still almost unnoticeable. At noon & up it's there until you start playing but even then, it's still much lower that the guitar. There's also an almost expander/exciter FX going on which is very noticeable, especially when I compared it to my BBE FREQ BOOST. First rate pedal! overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick Langdon review  This is a very simple boost with a small footprint that fits nicely on the pedal board ... I like the simplicity and the ability to set the dip switches to my liking ... I find that with humbucker pickups it adds just the right, very slight tone coloration that both fattens up the sound and gives it just the right sparkle ... I don't use it much with single coils since they don't seem to benefit as much from the coloration or the treble boost ... it is a good pedal to have on board when you need that little something extra to get the right tone ... built solid ... a quality pedal that should hold up well ... overallrating 4   lineend
name Saltydawg review It just arrived to day and seems well-build.  Haven't tried it yet. overallrating 5   lineend
name synthezatory review My always on pedal. This pedal's amazing. You really should try it yourself to understand. I'm using a Fender Jaguar, this thing is married to it. I'm serious, try it before you die! overallrating 5   lineend
name wishbone73 review I bought this boost to use in one specific situation. When playing a lead line with my bridge pick up with the tone knob all the way down, my volume drops quite dramatically. This boost does what it says it will do to remedy that, but it also seems to add a lot of noise. When the boost is off, my super high gain Fryette Deliverance 120 is very quiet when I just hold my hand over the strings. I'm using a 2010 LP Custom with a stock 490R pick up in the neck and 498T in the bridge. When I turn on the boost I immediately hear a lot of extraneous hissing and noise. When playing it isn't so bad, but I definitely am not used to so much extra noise. There are a couple of adjustment switches inside, and I haven't fooled with those yet, but I'm definitely going to do that. This boost will prob help guys with lower end gear get a better sound, but if you've already got pro quality stuff I don't see too much of an advantage here. overallrating 3   lineend
name Wynn review  s.I already have an MXR line booster at the end of my pedal chain into my amp. This serves to give back the lost treble and shimmer after a long cable run. Replacing that with the EP booster did not have a significant impact on my tone. Yes it was a little colored, but not too different from the line booster.If at present you have no boost after your pedals and have a long cable run, yes definitely this pedal will make a world of difference by adding the top end back to the signal. I didn't find it magical though, because I've always had a boost at the end of chain and this was not much different.I am going to experiment with it in the effects loop to add a boost during solos. overallrating 3   lineend
name Jotaro review Despite the sensitivity of a compressor microphone I still use this to record heavy metal guitar. Only thing is I use a small amplifier, only a fifteen watt Line 6 spider 3. I can keep the volume down so the neighbors do not hear my guitar. Anyways, the only thing is when I use recording software I have to not record the guitar too loud. And oh my it records good! Now I no longer have to record straight into my computer where I get all loud over compressed guitar sound. I can record with drum loops and with the microphone it goes into the computer and I no longer get the loud over-compressed guitar sound that I never like very much. Glad I purchased this. For those who would try this for guitar, remember this is a sensitive compressor mic and you will get a very loud recording you will not like. So you just record as quietly as you can. This mic is sensitive! But oh boy I like it! Man I can play for hours and the guitar goes way better with the drum loops. And as I said before the amp is not gonna be loud enough to bother the neighbors. A good buy well worth the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike review now it doesn't work(same day i got it). In my control panel the mic is there but it doesn't pick up any sound. Followed all the instructions, emailed blue support and at first the person was quick to reply but now its been 3-4 days no answer. Maybe i'm being impatient but the mic only worked for a couple hours since i got it... If you guys know of any good alternatives please leave a comment. overallrating 3   lineend
name Fred review This mic fits my studio need perfectly. It's USB connection works great for my voice overs with great sound and sensitivity. I would recommend one overallrating 5   lineend
name John review Im starting a podcast. I blindly lept to buy the blue yeti. I can understand why one person with a youtube channel would love this. Great for voice overs. In sound proof studios. The sound quality was good but it picked up WAY TO MUCH ROOM NOISE. The ability to select the 4 recording modes is great. If youll use it. I would not reccomend recording 2 people at once on this. However recording a choir or something would work. But I will never do that and neither will you. This microphone only has a usb port. Not XLR. So no hope of expanding. If you ever want to host a podcast with 2 people you need to throw this away and get a mixer and 2 new microphones.Or you can do what I did and get 2 Audio Technica ATR 2100's, 1 Behringer Xenyx 802 dual mic input Mixer, 2 shock mount/broadcast boom combos and 2 windscreens for the same price as a yeti, raidus shock mount, the pop pop filter and a generic mic stand.Now I can replace my mixer and keep my 2 mics, or replace the mics then the mixer and do all sorts of expansions and add ons as well as get quality audio for 2 hosts on my podcast.Do not get this yeti unless your doing youtube voiceovers by yourself forever overallrating 2   lineend
name Constantinople review I am not a sound guy - I just wanted something to plug in and record my practice sessions. This is vastly better than any webcam or communications microphone for recording instruments.The four direction settings are fun, though I find myself using the stereo or cardioid settings the most. The no-delay headphone jack is great. I was impressed the first time I plugged everything in and tried it out - it's nice to hear how my playing sounds from an outside standpoint.Setup was easy, and quick. I have experienced a few times when plugging it in registered it as a recording device, but failed to actually use it. This may be a windows problem, and fixed itself eventually.I am quite happy with the build quality. The base is hefty and wide, planting the mic firmly. The body and buttons are plastic, but solid, they don't feel or look cheap. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dapper Dan review After 1.5 years, this microphone has lasted me a VERY long time and has stayed a fantastic microphone. As I am getting more serious with voice over, I am moving to better equipment, but as a starter microphone/ microphone in general: It deserves a nod of approval. Definitely a fantastic purchase, very happy with it! overallrating 5   lineend
name David G. Beneke review I have used many microphones, from  expensive Neumanns, Sennheisers, Sure, AKG to the less expensive Berringer B2 Pro and Sony. I spent over 8 years in professional radio and 30 plus years doing voice over recording and sound mixing, so I have heard and used all types of mics and I have to rate the Blue Yeti at the top of my list for many reasons. First is sound quality, all the patterns have a smooth, open sound, the cardioid pattern has added richness for voice over work, comparable dare I say to a Sennheiser or Sure. The sound in all the patterns was not colored or muted at any frequency level, which what is I was expecting in the stereo mode, but in that pattern, voices sound great and an acoustic guitar sounded rich, plucky and natural. Next is the construction of the mic and stand, from the pictures I was expecting plastic, nope, it is made of very solid metal , except the buttons and switches. Third is the versatility, you can record almost anything in any type of circumstance not just adequately, but with excellence, try that with a $2,000 0 Neumann! The set up could not be easier, just plug it into your USB jack and let her rip. I only paid $100 0 on Amazon,a true bargain, for what is a top notch piece of gear, where the engineers of this product really took their time to design something of real quality and looks like a piece of art. The Yeti also stands up to audio processing, where I have to say all of the other mics I have used for under $200 0 show their weaknesses. The only thing I would like to see is a shock mount made for this mic, it is just too big for all of my other mounts, but the Yeti does not seem to pick up as much vibration from the table as other mics do (I also use a slab of 1/4\" neoprene padding to absorb some table shock), and the Yeti has no real audible self noise. If you want a great microphone at an incredible price, the Blue Yeti is the one for you!Addendum 9-30-2011My complaint about the shock mount has been resolved, with the Blue Radius, which I received a week ago from Amazon, which I love. Makes this great, and I mean great microphone even better. I have done side by side comparisons to the Neumann U87, the Sennhieser D421, the Lawson L47, all top notch and very expensive studio mics. The Yeti sounds as good. Of course you have to learn how to work a microphone properly to get the right sound. I cringe at some YouTube demos of this mic, some of the folks are not using this, and I'm sure other mike's correctly to get the best sound. Also the more I use the Yeti, the more seasoned it becomes, in comparison recordings done a year ago, the Yeti seems to get a smoother sound, as time goes by. overallrating 5   lineend
name Grenics review This microphone in just a few words IS AWESOME.  The sound recorded by this device in all modes left nothing to be desired for me.  I use this mic for voice over work that gets added to videos playing in major hotel rooms.  Superior mic! overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark review This was an excellent purchase.  Beside having a great range of audio pick-up, the mic is so versatile.  Great product! overallrating 5   lineend
name Matthew L. Adams review Eveyhing arrived in a timely fashion, worked perfectly out of the box, and has been used several times to record choirs and piano. The sound is clear and well-balanced and the microphone picks up sound very well within the range of around 10 feet. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael J. Edelman review The latest addition to my desktop is the most flexible recording device I've yet found: The Blue Microphones Yeti USB Microphone. Long known for their line of high-end condenser microphones, Blue is increasingly known for their computer-ready USB microphones, like the Snowflake and the Snowball, and the Yeti is their latest and certainly greatest computer-ready microphone yet.Advertised as the first fully THX-compliant (a standard devised by Lucasfilms) microphone,  the Yeti is a large (12\" tall on its removable stand), hefty, multi-pattern microphone suitable for recording, podcasting, or any other computer-related audio activity. It features four switchable patterns- omni, carodid, figure eight, and stereo- a built in headphone amplifier, gain control, headpohone volume, and a mute button. For even more flexibility you can remove it from its desk stand and mount it on a standard 5/8\"microphone stand or boom.And it sounds great, too- even better than their well-regarded Snowball series. I've been using it for recording music practice, building tracks with Audacity on my Windows and linux boxes, and with Apple's GarageBand, and making calls with Skype. The ability to record in full stereo or mono is a real plus. Up to now I've been using a variety of microphones together with various microphone preamps and an A/D converters- a mass of cables and power supplies that bad enough on the desk, but a real hassle when trying to use with a laptop away from home. The Yeti has it all in one package. It may not sound quite as good as a multi-thousand dollar condenser microphone and vacuum tube preamp, but for the money it simply can't be beat. overallrating 5   lineend
name RICHARD A DINSMORE review Yes, you can make perfectly good pod casts and voice overs with this. Trick: treat your room with sound deadening. overallrating 5   lineend
name Samuel Chell review I was looking for an affordable mic enabling me to make announcements from a home computer that would approximate, if not be indistinguishable from, the audio quality of the heavy-duty Shure microphones used at WGTD FM HD.  All the mics that I had previously tried at this price point and lower, including Blue's review  er comparisons to indicate whether the AT's relative compactness and light weight come at a compromise--however slight--to audio quality.[I experienced initial hesitancy on Yeti's part to make an appearance in the Input and Output panels (in System Preferences) of my iMac. Then I read the instructions, which discourage plugging the mic into a hub. Plugged directly into a USB port on my computer, Yeti immediately sprang into action. My hunch is that a good, powered 4-port hub would be equally effective.] overallrating 4   lineend
name Smoothbassman review This is the best USB microphone out for under $100 bucks.It's a shame that its been out for a few years now, and there has been no one else to try and make a microphone that has the sound quality of this one.  I love its sensitivity and it adds very little color to the recording.  The sound rejection from the cardioid pattern is very good as I have this fairly close to my computer in my office and I can't hear the computer in my recordings.I haven't used this microphone with instruments, as I am using it primarily for recording voice overs for video, and it sounds great.The only thing you have to do it plug it in, and go.  You need no additional drivers to run this microphone in Windows 7. I did have to restart my machine for my video editing software to see the microphone, but it worked perfectly after that.I just wish that there was an option to skip the stand and just get a shock-mount - YETI combo pack, as I have mounted it on a shock mounted stand attached to my desk and haven't used the base that much since arriving at that setup.If you are in the market for an excellent USB microphone,  look no further, you can't get anything better than this for under $100 bucks.  Just make sure you get a pop filter for it, and Yes the BLUE Pop Filter will work with this microphone despite all of the negative reviews that it doesn't.  Just check out my review video for the Blue Pop.Blue Microphones The Pop Universal Pop Filter overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayne review This is a good quality microphone. The sound quality is good in the various modes, although I have used it primarily in cardioid and stereo modes. It's easy to set up. Under Windows 7, all I had to do is plug it in. The instruction manual hasn't been updated in years and gives instructions for Windows Vista and XP. The instructions for Vista are mostly accurate for Windows 7, but I found that the default settings are better than the recommended settings in the instructions. Also there is no driver supplied by the company. The Microsoft driver will work fine, and there might not be a sonic advantage to making their own driver. But it means that there is no custom control panel and you have to use the more obscure Windows ones. Also the icon for the microphone doesn't match the product, which isn't really a big deal. It's just a matter of attention to detail. The instruction manual is in English and French, but the warranty information is in French in both places. They both say there is a two year warranty and give a phone number in the Los Angeles area. There's a copy of the actual warranty on their website, although it does have terms that violate US law so I have no idea how they handle actual warranty issues.The only real negative I experienced when setting up was that it interfered with my keyboard. I'm using a fairly standard Logitech wireless keyboard, and it experienced a lag, and not all letters showed up when I typed. I unplugged the USB cable for the microphone and things went back to normal. Repeating the process yielded identical results. After rebooting the computer, the problem went away. Hopefully there won't be long term issues.The bottom line is that not a single problem related to the quality of the microphone itself, which works well, is very clear, and is extremely sensitive. It will pick up a whisper from 15 feet away with the same clarity as if I were sitting two feet in front of it. That's with volume settings that work clearly when I really am two feet in front of it. The down side is that it will pick up every stray sound from letting your hand rub your shirt to letting your feet rub the carpet. But those are practical considerations rather than limitations or faults of the microphone itself. overallrating 4   lineend
name B:D review So, there are some people who review this as superb, with no noise and just the best thing ever. To be honest, I have no idea where this is coming from. I do get a good amount of noise (static buzz) that makes it difficult to use it when playing your guitar in a more quiet mode. Also, the sustain is not as good as I thought it would be and I had to do a lot of fine-tuning with my amp to find a satisfying setting (works best with some additional reverb setting).That said, for the price, it is pretty good. I do not understand why some folks are all upset about the plastic. It is what it is, a rather inexpensive compressor that does a pretty good job for that price. overallrating 4   lineend
name Charlo review In case you were wondering, this is a clone of the Boss compressor/sustainer.  It does a very good job reproducing the original at a fraction of the cost.  You add noise to your chain with any compressor because that's what they do- they elevate quiet signal and minimize volume spikes to even it all out.  When it is off, this thing had pretty decent bypass but I would not string an entire board together with pedals that are not true bypass because it would suck tone.  The box is plastic, but it is solid ABS plastic and is perfectly adequate.  I've not yet heard of a Behringer stomp box failing because the plastic box crushed when someone stepped on it.  People do like to complain about the battery cover being annoying and I have to say- aren't they all??? Seriously- when you can hook up a daisy chain and not ever have to deal with a dead battery ever again in your life, what are you complaining about?  The knobs are solid, and work just fine.  I own like a dozen of these cheap Behringer pedals and I have never had a problem with any of them.  You get more than the asking price worth of function out of this box. overallrating 5   lineend
name Filipe N. Marques review  I bought this pedal mainly for compressing the bass guitar in my home studio. It does what it is supposed to. I'm no master of compression, but I get a very usable, controlled signal from it. I noticed some hum when I turned the level up pretty high and that should be expected. I paid less than $30 for this pedal and that should be a factor when you're considering durability of this pedal.My bass player uses this pedal going into an SVT classic. No noticeable hum at &#34;concert&#34; level.Yes, this pedal is made of high strength plastic. If you are an angry stomper, go elsewhere. This pedal will not survive your overzealous foot.Battery changing... Yes, it's a pain in the butt. Two pens are required to push in the hinge pins to release the battery cover (the footswitch, itself). I bought a power supply, never looked back.So if you are on a budget, or NOT one of the lucky ones with an endorsement deal with a boutique pedal co., This should do well for you. overallrating 5   lineend
name frank arcidiacona review This Behringer compressor sustainer compare's to the Boss CS-2 the behringer sustaining is excellent and a tone, compression level is very good and all for $25 0 , not putting down the Boss, but for this price you can't go wrong. overallrating 5   lineend
name groovemachine review This is a clone of the boss compressor and works just as well as far as I have been able to tell as the original. being the owner of both I would have to say if you're not too stuck up about brands then I would go with this if you like the boss cs3 but many people say that bosses compressor is not that good I know some compressors do seem to be a little more natural sounding however that is just preference it does what it needs to chicken picking or just crispening up your sound its plastic but nothing is unbreakable so use some sense don't hit it with a hammer or JUMP on it and you'll not break it I've had no problems with behringer but heard great things. The cost is so low anyhow so who cares anyhow. overallrating 5   lineend
name Handsome Johnny review The title says it all.  Great performance, sub par construction.  I bought this pedal for the compression and sustain, though, and am very pleased.  I use it for both bass and guitar, and it processes the signals well.  I am sure it would work well for other instruments or on recordings also.  Cheaply made, though.  I removed a spring that was seemingly attached to nothing inside the unit.  The removal stopped a terrible clicking noise that would have been audible from the stage floor.  Plastic encasement means the unit will likely suffer noticeable wear and tear throughout its lifetime.  Wish it was better made.  Audio reproduction is great! overallrating 4   lineend
name kbgulfcoast review More likely known as a guitar compensation device, the effect itself it widely used in everything. I have couple few behringer pedals, some complain about plastic housings but a) I don't beat my gear and b) plastic doesn't get rust and corrosion. The build on behringer are tough and fine to me, and the prices make them attainable to all players. The only thing I say negative is all that battery junk inherent to all pedals, gotta spring for power supply plug, if not now, eventually because it'll drive you nuts.Compressor is inherent to quack and pop of chickinpickin and country stuff you just can't not have if that's your thing. The sustainer is just that adds sustain to any guitar regardless of build, so even a cheap one can ring like the best.So you got both in one, tailoring will add life to even a dull axe.  Some put down effects for whatever reason but this one likely adds tones that you can't do without once you find em. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kevin McGonigal review I've been trying to get a specific sound for quite a while now. This pedal completed that task. It's hard to describe the sound that this pedal provides but it is perfect. Very punchy and crisp. You can't go wrong with Behringer pedals. They are plastic though, so they might not hold up under heavy road use, but for home studios they are perfect. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Marilyn Brown review Noisy as any compressor but after using it I don't wanna go back to not having one for my setup. overallrating 4   lineend
name Megs review There's not much to be said about this pedal: it just works. It's my fourth cheapy Behringer pedal and I have been pleased with every one of them. This pedal is great for tweaking your sound to get it juuuust right. I play punk, blues, and country, and this pedal helps me obtain the entire range of sounds necessary for my various styles. Even on a cheap amp (upgrading to a Marshall next month), this gets the job done. People who complain about the plastic casing are just looking to whine, imo. It's a good solid plastic that holds up well, and if it drops the price to $20 instead of $50, that just makes Behringer effects more accessible than that other brand. overallrating 5   lineend
name M. Evans review  Behringer pedals are the value leader in effects pedals. I have four of them and my latest is this compressor sustainer. It is very low noise and perfect for acoustic guitar and bass when leading music in a church setting. I've had more expensive pedals over the last 25 years of playing, but it's hard to beat the price features and quality of the Behringer pedals. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael review  A bargain at the offered price.  Gives you virtually unlimited sustain.  It is a good cheap addition to my effects board. overallrating 4   lineend
name Rick Holly review  What more can you ask for at roughly $25 0. This is a very useful guitar compressor. It is a simple compressor, that's it. Easy to understand with responsive controls.I use compressors quite a lot. In my PA rack I have a Yamaha rack compressor and an Alesis rack compressor. In my home studio there are compressors in my 24 track DAW and in my computer I have the T-Racks Deluxe mastering software with several VST classic analog compressors like the Pultec as well as VST optical compressors. I only mention these as a way of saying that I am very familiar with compressors and adept at using them. I have a pretty thorough understanding of compression ratios,attack and release points and I have learned to use them sparringly and with care. The Behringer CS400 does a good job as a straight guitar compressor. It is usefull for taming levels from your guitar and boosting your signal which adds punch to the signal presented to your other effects and ultimately to your amp. In recording circles you often hear good engineers say that if they can hear the compressor working, it's not being used correctly. The Behringer CS400 is quiet, almost transparent (unlike the Behringer DC9 I discuss below). Yes, it is plastic but it's fairly well made and unless you are really rough on equipment with a little care it should last a few years. If you are putting it into a pedal board it should last a long time.If money is not a concern go ahead and spend more on a rugged pedal made of metal but expect to pay somewhere around $75-$100 0 and up (Keeley,MXR, Digitech, etc.) Unless you go over $100 0 I don't think there will be a difference in performance and even then it will be subtle. If your signal path aready has hum and static, this pedal will not change that and actually may increase it because that's what compressors do-lower high signals and bring up lower signals for a more uniform sound. If you want to just smooth out your peaks and tighten up your sound with more punch, this little Behringer CS400 will do it.(Behringer also makes another compressor pedal in the same price range the Behringer DC9. It is all metal and attempts to clone the classic MXR pedal. I personally would stay away from this pedal for live use. I bought one and found that although it gives you great sustain it also colors your tone and seems to attenuate your low end quite a bit on the higher compession ratios you need for long sustain. You can dial in more low end on your amp but if you expect to turn the compressor on and off on different songs you will hear a tone difference. I don't use the DC9 when I play live but I like it on my guitar when I record using my VOX VT30 amp. I like it better than the built in compressor on the VT30). overallrating 4   lineend
name R. Johnson review  I was initially wary of this as the cost was relatively low compared to other pedals however when I set it up and plugged it in I was truly amazed.  I now know what I was missing all those years of not having one. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Morton review  Behringer makes a LOT of electronics for guitar and bass. I have an FCB10 that I use and like, great controller for the price. The CS400 at roughly 20 0 is a decent pedal that will 'get the job done'. Is it equivalent to a Boss, Dynacomp, Visual Sound or Keeley compressor...nope. You will get 20 0 worth of use out of it though for sure. The housing is pretty flimsey and when you change the battery its a PITA. Just don't take a flying leap to stomp on it and battery consumption is really low so with a lot of use you may have to change the battery once or twice a year. Good pedal for the beginner at an unbeatable price point. overallrating 3   lineend
name Texas Buyer review Behringer products are good for the semi-pro.Nothing fancy about the compression; most amp emulators have good compression but lack true sustain at low gain/volume.This is good for getting that extra decibel or more of boost to carry those notes longer.Doesn't sound good playing fast.The CS400 shines with the longest lasting sustain you can get in a $25 pedal. overallrating 4   lineend
name Todd M review While the case is made of plastic, the construction is solid and seems very durable. My disappointment is with the sound. I never could dial in a sound that made me feel like it enhanced the sound of my bass. It was just different. I've switched to using the built-in compressor in my Digitech BP90 instead. overallrating 3   lineend
name zxrslant review  and nice its like really just wow ! you know ?like awesome and really cool i do i do ido like like love it overallrating 5   lineend
name Dad review To test I installed one pad and left the original pad on the other side of my 440's. The 840 pad has a larger surface area (see my pics with the old pad on the left in all shots) so I guess that spreads out the pressure over a larger area. But it's really minimal and I did not notice a huge difference pressure wise. The material is nicer/softer than the original so that is a plus. Every so often I would flip the headphones around to see if I could tell anything. The larger pad does cover more of the ear- almost surrounds it. But seriously, if you had me blindfolded I wouldn't bet my life that I always knew which side were which. But in general the large pad and softer material seems to be a better set up. I can't imagine any set of cans actually feeling comfortable to have on for an extended period of time.Sound difference? Yes, one side in my test sounded better I felt... until I switched them around! Just like eyes your two ears are not 100% equal and over time they lose their edge but not at equal rates. I think those who make any kind of big deal out of any significant improvement or degradation in sound might be imagining it. I would have to see some measureable proof to believe that whatever millimeters' worth of difference in how the drivers may sit in relationship to your eardrums affects how the sound waves actually strike them. Wishful thinking or all inside their heads maybe? Notice the contradictory reviews- more bassy, less bassy etc??? It becomes highly subjective and I wouldn't buy or not buy these pads based upon those claims. If you need replacements this is no brainer as a cheap way to keep your expensive headphones alive. If you need more comfort then these may do the trick for you but I'm glad I didn't pay any more for them than I did from Amazon. That's my 2 cents. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dapper Dan review Brass Tacks:They are Velour. They fit on the ATH-M50 headphones. That is what I wanted.They are not a perfect fit, as they are MEANT for a slightly larger can, but it's more than snug. Looks good too!(Remember: Because of the material, you WILL notice a slight difference in sound.) overallrating 5   lineend
name jschristian44 review I got these because they were recommended replacements for the Fostex T50RP.  They fit great and are far more comfortable than the stock pads.  For the price, they are worth it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Keane O'Kelley review I don't own the SRH840s, but rather the SRH440s. It was suggested on forums that these are a good upgrade for the 440s in terms of sound and comfort. I didn't believe the sound part, but I bought them because I at least wanted to replace the cracking old pads on my 440s. When I got them, they easily went on and looked just as good as the originals. They are definitely more comfortable. I don't know what it is, but something about the sound is different and I don't think it's placebo. There seems to be more presence in the bass and clarity in places I wouldn't expect. I highly recommend this upgrade. overallrating 5   lineend
name Z. Mehrbach review  I have used these pads on numerous non-Shure headphones like the fostex trp50 and the hifiman he-500 and I have to say that these are by far the best , most inexpensive solution to any headphone they will fit.  They ave made the sound quality better on each headset that I have put them on, and they are softer and more comfortable than any other replacement pads I have tried in the price range,  Highly recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name AncientRocker review It's tough to shell $85+ for a pedal that is not an effect, but now that I've had it for a few weeks I'm glad I bought it. Although my guitars pretty much stay in tune, warmer weather and humidity levels affect my guitars and they change a little while I'm playing them. The Boss TU-3 is bright and easy to read and keeps me it tune all the time. When you play in a band, you got to have a pedal tuner and you can't go wrong with Boss. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bill Henry review I wanted an upgrade to my TU-2, which I had for years. This TU-3 is easier to see, and is more precise in it's tunings. I recommend it! overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Shumway review I have this tuner attached to my pedal board and it is fantastic. There are tons of settings and the LEDs are nice and bright for dark stages or bright outdoor venues.Highly recommended overallrating 5   lineend
name Gary D. Garvin review  As with all Boss products, I've been very happy. The tuner is easy to use ... need I say more. I'm from the olden days of the 440 tuning fork for tuning, so this is GREAT! overallrating 5   lineend
name jim beasley jr review I've owned many tuners through the years and I keep coming back to this one. buffer mutes when you play and the quality is great for this price point overallrating 5   lineend
name miT review I know spending this kind of money on a pedal that doesn't even add an effect to your tone sounds pretty crazy, but this is definitely worth it. If you think about it, when your guitar is out of tune, it doesn't matter how perfect every aspect of your playing, equipment, and set-up is; you will still sound bad. So, in a way, this is the most important pedal you can have.This pedal works great as a tuner and very vividly displays how far off you are from being in tune. Works great as a mute switch too, just one click and you've got no sound - perfect for switching guitars and/or just muting all sound.The design is quite sturdy as well, it feels very solid. I definitely recommend this pedal. overallrating 5   lineend
name sam sultan review It works well 95% of the time but sometimes has a problem with the G string for me. I use it in tandem with a snark tuner and together they're fail safe. (the snark tuner will also get buggy once in a while but together it's so statistically unlikely that I don't worry about it)The stomp tuner also has the benefit of being able to hault the signal, hence why I wouldn't just use a snark tuner. overallrating 4   lineend
name Solaceinsorrow review The title pretty much says it all. This is such a simple, great tuner. The streaming light effect is extremely cool yet totally practical! Great deal. overallrating 5   lineend
name StevenEddy review  This thing works great!I play out live in clubs and this device is indispensable. Accurate and quick - great for between song quick tuning.It's a Boss pedal - so it is rugged and reliable.I have seen this pedal on the pedal boards of top touring pros, recording artists and session musicians in and around the Dallas and North Texas area. I play locally and regionally in North Texas and see this pedal on almost EVERY guitarist and bassist's boards every night.Great product - well made - worth every penny.   UPDATE   After using this tuner for a month I can say that I made the right decision.Fantastic product that every guitar player needs - period.                   EDIT 10-23-2012I have purchased another one of these tuners for an alternate pedal board.These really are the best tuners out there - you should get one today!There is no comparison to anything else out there - nothing - I have looked! overallrating 5   lineend
name Van Zeppelin review  I really enjoyed this tuner, extremely fast an accurate at tracking you. I've been surching for a decent tuner for about a few months now and I've demoed the pitchblack and the planet waves tuner, all never could track me as well as the TU-3 could! What I mean by tracking me, I'm talking about how fast it can respond to me changing the pitch. Its a great tuner, a little pricy, but worth it in the long run... I was even surprised they included a battery! overallrating 5   lineend
name A Conrad review  It works, and it works well.  It easily cuts guitar strings, ukulele strings, etc.  No damage to blades when cutting  heavy to light gauge steel strings.  If you change your own strings, this cutter is a must have.  It is very durable, the material is made of high quality metal, and it makes clean cuts.  The rubber grips are comfortable to use, and have red accents (and therefore easy to find).My only minor gripe is that it is spring-loaded to open.  I've cut myself with the blades reaching into the pocket a few times when I first got it.  Thankfully I don't change strings too often.  I also made a little leather pouch for the clipper end, and I put a rubber band around the handles to keep it closed.A must-have for your guitar/bass/ukulele bag.  Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  As is the case with all tools, you really do get what you pay for with this string cutter.  It's extremely well-built, and performs its task very well.Pros:- Extremely high quality metal- Comfortable rubber grips- Red accent handle makes it easy to find in a bag-of-tricks- Effortlessly cuts even stainless steel bass stringsCons:- Has no ability to lock the cutter closed for storage; the tool is spring-loaded to open.  While this may be a plus for some people, I find it less than ideal.Overall, this is an extremely well-made tool for your guitar kit.  If you're a bassist that likes stainless steel strings, you'll appreciate how they cut like butter. overallrating 4   lineend
name B. Shumway review This cuts strings with no problems. It doesn't take a lot of pressure to squeeze the handles and it doesn't damage the cutting blades like some wire cutters.Highly recommended for frequent string changes. overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald review Good cutter for guitar strings and will take care of most electrical wire sizes too. Handel is very comfortable too. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeffrey review While this is a simple string cutter (something one can buy about anywhere), it is made well and is of excellent quality. Anyone changing strings on a guitar needs one this tool. It is easy to hold and is a good product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Shady Neighbor review At first it seemed stupid to buy wire cutters just for guitar strings, but these do work extremely well.  They seem to be very high quality and easily clip guitar strings right to the tuner post.I do agree with the other user who pointed out the fact that they're spring loaded open with no mechanism to keep them closed.  That does make storing them a little akward, but again, I think this is the best product out there if you change your own strings.PS - If you are using scissors to clip strings ends, you are crazy - buy these things... overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles S. Glass review  I had done a fair amount of research on banjos before I bought this. It has many of the same components of a more expensive banjo and plays very well. Yes there many banjos and some with more frills. There is no indication of where this banjo was made, but the quality is top notch. I am a woodworker and judge workmanship closely. I see no flaws on my banjo. I did not have the problem with the 5th string machine being to tight as others. I bought mine from [...], the same place it ships if you buy it at Amazon best was 10 bucks cheaper with free shipping. If I could give it more than 5 stars I would. I can play a guitar and learning a few banjo chords was easy. I also have very large hands with chubby fingers and was worried about it having a small neck, that is not a issue either. While I am expert on banjo I would gladly buy another and see no reason to spend more money at this point and probably not later on either. A keeper for sure. overallrating 5   lineend
name Driver405 review So, I ordered this to learn to play the banjo, because of the price and good reviews. It was delivered yesterday, and the first thing I noticed was that the neck was loose, and the strings were easily an inch or more off the fret board. I looked to make sure it wasn't warped or cracked, and it wasn't.So I scoured the internet to find my problem, and most results said to tighten the metal rod in the banjo pot. So I took the resonator off, and found that it had an inch gap between the neck and the body, and naturally that scared me, but I tightened the metal rod, and it brought the neck down to the body, and brought the strings down to the perfect height.Now it's a very beautiful instrument, and it sounds pretty good too, Granted, It's not a Gold Tone or what have you, But it sounds at-least like a banjo that costs 2-3x this much. The only thing I would change is the tuning pegs, as they are made out of a cheap plastic, they don't feel like they will break any time soon though, I just prefer metal tuning pegs. (the part that holds the strings is still metal, I'm talking about the things your turn with your fingers to tune it is plastic)So, I'm debating on rating it 4 stars or 5 stars.. I'd rate it 4 because of the scare it gave me at first, but I think I'll rate it 5 stars because of it's looks, sound, and price. Yes, the reviews are right guys, don't be skeptical, But be warned that you may have to do a little TLC on it, as I did with the neck. No worries though, Now I'm learning my new favorite instrument. (Also, the strings that came on it are pretty decent, but new strings sound a bit better) overallrating 5   lineend
name Gail review My banjo arrived a couple days after I ordered it. It tuned up very easily, and for me it holds tune nicely. It has a good ring to it. So far I have only had to replace one string, but that was most probably due to inadvertently letting it sit in front of a forced air heating vent. overallrating 5   lineend
name john review &#34;Quality of this banjo exceeded my expectations. Great beginner banjo with quality components at a fair price. Sounds good and the action is smooth.&#34; overallrating 5   lineend
name JOHN review I PURCHESED THIS BANJO FOR MY PERSONAL HOBY AND IT TURNED OUT TO BE A BEAUTIFUL INSTRAMENT THE QUALITY IS GREAT AND THE Playability IS GREAT ALSO, I AM A GUITAR PLAYER FOR OVER 35 YEARS AND I KNOW QUALITY WHEN I SEE IT. FOR THE MONEY YOU CAN'T BEAT THE PRICE I WOULD RECOMEND THIS BANGJO FOR BEGINNERS, OR JUST ONY ONE WHO PLAYS JOHN R overallrating 5   lineend
name KAY ADAMS review BOY, WAS I SURPRISED AND PLEASED WHEN THE BANJO ARRIVED AND I TOOK MY FIRST LOOK AT MY NEW PURCHASE!  THE INSTRUMENT IS FAR SUPERIOR THAN I WOULD HAVE IMAGINED FOR THE PRICE I PAID FOR IT.THE WORKMANSHIP AND QUALITY OF THE FINISH IS REALLY FINE.  I .RECOMMEND IT WITHOUT HESITATION TO ANYONE WHO WANTS GOOD VALUE FOR THEIR MONEY.  THE PACKAGE WAS REALLY WELL DON E AND ARRIVED IN GOOD TIME.  I HAVEN'T LEARNED TO PLAY THE BANJO YET, BUT HAVE PLAYED UKULELES, GUITAR, TIPPLE, AND LUTE SO I KNOW A GOOD INSTRUMENT WHEN I SEE IT.. overallrating 5   lineend
name M. Pope review great value, good quality and sound. Very pleased with this purchase!  High value for low $$ risk. You will not be disappointed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sean Serritella review I bought this not knowing what to expect. It sounds just like I hear on tv and it sounds great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Teagan Mago review I was disturbed with the price of banjos, until I did some research on the construction of them.  They're not something a regular craftsperson can put together without some serious experience.  At least, they wouldn't be able to put together a quality banjo.  But Jameson Guitars had put together a great banjo and an incredibly fair price.The tuning holds well and the instrument sounds great. I'm a guitar player and I'm excited to explore the different sounds I will be able to get out of this banjo.  It's also very good looking.  I love the neck and the back.  Even the drum.  Quality work was put into this thing.  I'm quite pleased.Now, I just need to get used to playing with 5 strings! :) overallrating 5   lineend
name Tinfoot review I have been online shopping banjos quite... extensively.  Ebay, Amazon, 3 dozen+ online shops, reviews from multitude of sources, investigating manufacturer home sites, etc.  I did the same for this banjo, and although there is actually very little out there about this particular banjo, I still felt very comfortable with what little I put together information wise.  And frankly, at this price, it gets my warmest recommendation for those on a tight budget (sometimes, you just can't afford 400+ dollars for a mainstream name beginner brand).  Additionally, mine came very well setup from the seller (aside from the inevitable tuning).  And its purty too!  I would also deeply recommendSnark SN-2 All Instrument Clip-On Chromatic Tuner... absolutely the best tuner I have ever used and makes the various banjo-tuning schemes a breeze.Be aware, in order to avoid possible confusion, Jameson Guitars is actually a sub-brand of Davison Guitars, so if you order and look at your peg-head and it says Davison (like mine does) and not R.W. Jameson, its the same maker (yes, I examined Davison's home site as well as the Amazon Seller's). overallrating 5   lineend
name Cesar Augusto Soto Caballero review This pedal is very exactly and had a tune all the string quickly. It was a good purchase. I recomend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fabio review Actually i was planning to buy the Boss TU-2 or Boss TU-3 and i found this one, just with 2 mins reading the specification i knew this one is superior in all aspects.SHOULD GET THIS ONE.best 90$ i have ever spend. overallrating 5   lineend
name H. S. Ryu review   from 2 to 5 stars. Also, given that the price has dropped sharply since I bought the tuner, now it is a much better bang for the buck.So yeah, buy this product with confidence, but if you have purchased it used or if you have an old PolyTune, make sure that the firmware is up to date. Without the update, this tuner was borderline terrible. With the update, it's good enough to be the tuner on my primary stage pedalboard. And in fact, it is, and it has held up to regular practices and gigs. overallrating 5   lineend
name James L. Maxey review I found this to be very inaccurate but only on a few strings, so adjustment is not possible. I bought this because of the newer features & I like the strum & see which strings were out function but what good are nice features if the main function of the tuner is inaccurate! It's not a bad tuner, seems well built but unless you play so poorly or loud that tuning precision doesn't matter I'd go with the Korg Pitch Black (which is what I was using in my home studio - well back to what worked!) overallrating 3   lineend
name Mark D. Davis review Cool tuner, I have this on my pedal board and it works really well, very easy to seeand is true bypass which is nice when it isn't on.... overallrating 5   lineend
name MetalFan review I bought this pedal after looking at the Boss TU-3 and Korg Pitch Black for bass. This pedal won over the mini version because of the bass mode. Strumming all 4 or 5 strings works well for a quick tune, but I still use the chromatic function to get an exact tune. The accuracy is impressive and this pedal even worked well with the low B.I read all over bass forums and reviews of the tuner and thought to try it out. TC electronics seems to spend alot of time advertising its products in bass mags and online and some of their products are greatly overhyped IMO, but this pedal and the reviews speak for themselves.I was able to tune an electric acoustic guitar in seconds using the sweep option and even tried a cigar box guitar reading just the AD&G; strings and it worked okay.The pedal is easy to use and switching between tuning modes is a breeze. I chose to keep the clear film over the display for now to preserve the display as long as I can. I tested this sweep option on an old Ibanez artcore guitar which hasn't been played for years and even with old strings, I got a reasonable tune out of it.Strumming all strings at once seems to work better with a guitar more than a bass, but many reviews in bass mags and online also point this out although it works for a quick tune.I am happy with the pedal and hope it lasts as long as my old Boss TU-2. I feel it has changed my tuning needs into a breeze. overallrating 4   lineend
name scottfwi review I like the pedal.  It's totally silent, very bright display, sensitive meter.  In fact, the only complaint I have is that the strum-every-string-at-once thing isn't as useful as you might think.  Not that I ever use it.  I'd buy this product again if I had it to do over again. overallrating 4   lineend
name Steveo review This is a great little tuner for guitar. Love the fact i can tune all 6 strings at the same time overallrating 5   lineend
name T. Murphy review Wow, I'm really impressed with this tuner.  Strumming the strings gives you a quick overview of which strings are out of tune and as you tune each string it automatically switches to a chromatic mode.  It's quick, it's accurate, and it just works......WELL!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Victor Hugo review This tuner is wonderful. You can tune all strings in same time. It's halpfull in stage, because you don't need to test each string individually. overallrating 5   lineend
name wishbone73 review I like the tuner and I'm definitely keeping it, but the review  . I wanted to hear how some of my licks sounded in E flat. So I set the tuner to the E flat setting as explained in the manual, then I tried to tune. All the strings kept showing that they were still in standard tuning. It seems as if my drop settings on the tuner were not functioning. I wrote the manufacturer (they did get back to me quickly) and they explained that the drop tuning functions ONLY WORK in polytune mode!! So if you're like me, and you find that polytune doesn't work very well, then basically all this is is a standard needle chromatic tuner that will not tune in any other drop modes! LAME!! overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I finally purchased this in line tuner to replace my hand held cheap tuner. This thing is way more accurate than my old tuner and because it is true bypass it doesn't suck any of your tone. I haven't used the battery pack, so don't know about battery life. I use a one-spot plug to power it. Another nice feature is you can set it to turn off the volume when in use or leave volume on. It's very heavy and seems sturdy and well built. The display is a little confusing at first, but once I read the manual it makes good sense and is easy to use. overallrating 5   lineend
name Anthony J. review Being a studio owner I didn't buy this for stage work. Being a player of multiple stringed instruments for decades I've had many different tuners including real strobes. So when I picked this up about 8 months ago it was because I needed one where I was at and right now.I don't know about the +/- .1% accuracy but the pegs and my ear tell me it's quite accurate, enough that I can find notes up and down the neck that are slightest bit out of tune when using it. By using a transformer adapter and a stage mic it also works very well for acoustic instruments.I'm still using the replacement battery I put in about 6 months ago but I just use it and unplug. It's travelled with me a few times and airport security finds it an interesting thing for me to have in a carry on but it almost seems durable enough to drop from 35,000 feet and continue working.I was shocked by how well it works. I was shocked by the fact that I could spend so little and get a real tuner and not a device that gets you close. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bacon review I normally tune to drop f on my 8 string, but even in standard, I just cant stand the strobe, and theres no other mode. I ordered a pitch black for $70. Im still waiting on the return for this. overallrating 2   lineend
name Captn' Bob review It performs ok, although it takes a learning curve getting used to the strobe dial.  I found it too difficult to see from my pedal board, (I am over 60, so eyes ain't what they used to be!).I was also disappointed to find there was no power plug, just battery.  Adding a 1 Spot power proved difficult as the only way to run the battery adapter is along the side where the pedal is pushed.  I fixed problem by taking my Dremmel and grinding a groove just big enough for wires to be unobstructed.For the above reasons, I have elected to use this as my work bench tuner for guitar set up and have gone to the Ashdown Engineering tuner for my pedal board. overallrating 3   lineend
name Don review  As a musician for over four decades I've owned a number of tuners as the technology progressed.  My primary instrument is electric bass.  This is the finest piece of equipment I've ever purchased and used, and it has helped me solve a 'mysterious' tuning phenomenon all players apparently face without knowing it.  I'll explain.  But first, some details about the tuner....:  it's construction is extremely solid, and it's heft gives it stability.  When you place it on a surface (top of your amp, floor, your knee.... it stays there!).  Secondly, the large backlit display is very easy to read in all lighting conditions,...no guessing.  And thirdly, it is extremely sensitive and accurate, which brings me to my explanation of the 'mysterious tuning phenomenon.  At issue is the inability of inexpensive tuners to properly identify frequencies/tones when setting string intonation at the octave fret.  I've been using $25 to $40 tuners (Boss, Korg, etc) over the past few years that would indicate a string is in tune, both for open string and octave.  But, when simultaneously plucking an 'F' note on the 'A' string, and an 'F' note high up on the 'G' string my ear would percieve that they just weren't in tune....the cycles weren't matching.  So, that meant my inexpensive tuner wasn't nearly discriminating enough.  Once I began using this strobe tuner, it clearly showed me (with proper accuracy) graphically what my ear was trying to tell me.  After setting intonation according to the strobe tuner my bass now 'performs' as it should through the range of notes/frets over the length of the neck.  I guess another way of explaining it would be to say that it's like having a GPS that is accurate enough to get you to the right neighborhood, versus one that can get you to the right house.  For the money, I feel I've done myself a good turn by purchasing this strobe tuner.  I'm satisfied.  I still keep one of my inexpensive tuners in my guitar case as it has a built in microphone and can be used by an accoustic guitar player if I'm jamming with somebody.  This strobe tuner is 'cable input' only....no mic, runs on a 9v battery with connectors for a power supply (sold separately).  My only 'complaint' with this device is the battery connector.  It's the typical type that 'plugs' in to the top of your 9v battery with two wires leading to the internals.  I hate them as a rule.  I would prefer solid contact points and a compartment where you would simply insert the battery, just like inserting any other battery type (AA, AAA, C, etc). overallrating 5   lineend
name Dr. Marc review I got this at a great price so decided to give a strobe tuner a try. If you're accustomed to vibration tuners it takes some getting used to it. While it may technically be more accurate than the cheaper vibration tuners, this advantage is of limited use given that the tuning of guitars still has to have some compromise from perfect in order to be well intonated. One advantage over the clip on tuners (by the way, you can't beat Snarks for the price) is that because it is electronically connected to the guitar it is not affected but other instruments that may be playing at the same time. I've noticed that while trying to tune when playing live by clip on tuner seemed to get &#34;confused&#34; by other instruments. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ana Pendragon review Every issue I had was ironed out by Mackie support.They are seriously fabulous.I'm using this for a simple weigh station between my DAW and my Tascam 16 track.So far, no problems at all. overallrating 5   lineend
name guillajp review I have been using this since the day it arrived, it was very easy to setup although windows 8 reads the device as a speaker so the USB does not work for me that way.  It has a great sound and I am very pleased with it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Li review  I first bought the Yamaha MG102c mixer, but it arrived defective so I returned and bought this instead.First impression of ProFX8 is very good.  It's a lot more durable/heavy than the mg102c, and the knobs are constructed much better.For example, all the knobs that have centering dent on MG102c doesn't line up well, some are off by a few degrees.  But on this ProFX8 every dented knob line up beautifully pointing up.  Knob turning pressure is also consistent and firm.Really like the EQ on the Main output.  As well as mute on every channel.  Build-in FX effects are okay, you have to turn fx knob all the way up to feel anything.When using USB to do recording (with Audacity) there is noticeable buzz sound along side any recording, regardless if microphone channel is turned off or not.Microphone preamp is so-so I guess.  I have a AKG d5 and SM58, with both mics I have to turn gain and channel volume to 90% to get a decent output.But it does the function perfectly.  Runs a little bit on the hot side.  Power cable is kinda short, so you may want to look for a longer one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Loren Shirk review I could not be happier... Excellent sound, easy controls, very responsive and is better than advertised.  The effects are excellent, and feel and quality of parts are wonderful.  Buy it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul D Ford review By now, you have probably read about the problem with the USB connection generating a high pitch sound during recording making the USB functionality unusable (an Amazon reviewer referred to this as a \"fatal flaw,\" and I heartily agree). I experienced this firsthand, then read folks struggling with the issue on the Mackie support blogs. When I called Mackie support to seek a fix, I was told that the problem was well known and the newer lots had been corrected with new hardware. They sent me a new Mackie Board from the newer lots, and I returned my old one. I have not had any problems with the USB functionality since. I am thankful to Mackie for the great customer service, especially since I addressed the problem after the one year warranty had expired.I'm assuming that purchases made now will not have the problem, but if it does, contact Mackie to get a replacement.At this point, I am still running the board through its paces, but thus far so good. overallrating 4   lineend
name D. Gray review  I was unaware when I originally purchased these that there was a threaded mic mount on the back extension pole. I already had a couple 13\" posi-lok boom arms that I popped on them and was able to reclaim two floor mic stands and save a little bit more floor space. They are fairly well constructed for the price and fit perfectly in my small home studio. The mics are now perfectly positioned and dont get kicked around anymore. overallrating 4   lineend
name Gary D. Garvin review  The reason I stopped using amp stands was because I couldn't find anything collapsible and non-bulky. It works very well and is very sturdy ... I use it for a Hot Rod DeLuxe. overallrating 5   lineend
name JdoubleH review The box contained a bag with just the bottom half of the stand. The top section with the mic thread attachment was missing. Sent it back and did not reorder. overallrating 1   lineend
name jmhr review I love this stand.  I am really disappointed in the cheap, designed-to-fail, bolt-in hardware used to adjust the telescoping rear leg.I think this stand can last a long time if you don't adjust it much, but how much better would it have been had they designed one of those pressure collars with a flip tab, so you are not limited to the holes drilled into the rear leg?  The other hardware isn't much better.For a $50 (list price) stand, On Stage took the cheap route rather than the quality route.  Well, it's only an On Stage product, not Hercules, K&M;, or Atlas, or Ultimate Support.  Cheap stuff, a budget brand, trying to pass as a name brand.Great idea though, and the price is right at $25 street.  Hopefully a better make will put out something more road-worthy. overallrating 3   lineend
name jsnchmpn review This stand rocks!  Literally! I don't even have to play the guitar anymore, it does it for me.Kidding aside, this thing is really nice.  I added the boom stand so I can run an SM57 to the surround of my amp's speaker.  I went ahead and ordered two for another amp, just so I don't have to switch them out.  I have a couple of medium sized amps(2 x 10's in each), so I would highly recommend this stand for amplifiers around the same size.  This may not be so great for smaller amps. overallrating 5   lineend
name JVincent review I was honestly skeptical before actually trying it. The specs seemed as if it would support my very heavy, very expensive hand-made 1x12 cabinet and matching head. It seemed the only design that would allow me to tilt back the pair and it absolutely delivered. The upright support in the back extends quite a bit and the protective foam is moveable and can be positioned at just the right location. I am truly impressed and after using this weekend after weekend with a gigging band can soundly recommend this product. overallrating 5   lineend
name CLKiii review I play guitar and stand behind the vocalists. If this does not bring their voices back to me I can&#8217;t hear especially on some of the female solo pieces. It is big help &#8211; be better if we could eliminate the  buzz it causes in the church&#8217;s sound system. overallrating 4   lineend
name David M. Gammon review  As a musician I wanted both a PA and an instrument amp, but I also wanted extra inputs and outputs. This has it all. Whether you want to output TO a PA or FROM a PA...... TO your guitar amp or FROM it.....and even play your MP3 player while you play AND sing. If you need more inputs, then just output a mixer to it. The tone controls are nice and the bass you can get is quite amazing for a 5.5\" speaker. Link to a bass amp or sub-woofer and you definitely have full sound. Certainly loud enough for a 1-man-band gig and definitely enough to supply an outdoor party with some music. I know it's a copy of other speaker/amps... but its a Behringer. I think it's a wonderful and adequate Must-Have for any musician. overallrating 5   lineend
name GamerBoy review I like this speaker system, behringer makes good products when it comes to this. The sound is good and loud, you can control the levels and EQ directly from this so no need for a mixer. You can connect an ipod or laptop to it. And there are multiple sound options including phantom, and instrument. I used a female xlr to 1/4 trs cable but I have been told you can also use xlr to xlr, although I did not try it. The price was great and the wattage was nice. I must say, when we have people come over it is easier to hear them sing. With me playing on the piano it is sometimes hard to hear their voices but now it is equal and sounds nice in harmony. I also connected to microphones to it and it distributes the sound very evenly so it sounds good in a duet.UPDATE: I recently bought a guitar and started to use this amp for my electric fender, IT WORKS GREAT! The sound is great, the wattage is good, everything is wonderful. Highly recommend this amp if you want a small amp for your guitar. overallrating 4   lineend
name Gregg Bergman review Love this thing. It sounds awesome and is built like a tank. It sound as good as $300 to $400 monitors and the music stand mounting is clever. Does everything I want in a personal stage monitor. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jazzgryl52 review I purchased this PA after reading several reviews and was convinced that is was right for me. I like that it is small and can fit right into my backpack. I was using the ION system it just got to be to much to carry around. I go around to different venues and sing. I just started in April after taking vocals for a year. I love it so much I've purchased this and my  own Shure mic. B205D is a powerful speaker system. I love the crisp sound and now I can hear myself sing when I turn up the music. I needed something with EQ on it as well. you really can't go wrong with this PA/monitor. I would have rated a 5 except when I turn it up around 45 degrees it begins to hiss. I'm not sure if this is normal or not. you see I purchased an open box speaker. The outer box packaging was questionable but once opened the PA itself was in prime condition no visible damage and all the materials were packed well. The sound is great.  I'm testing it out at home for now still have some time if I'm not comfortable with the hissing. Hope this helps with your decision. overallrating 4   lineend
name K. Meagher review  So I originally got the virtually identical Mackie version of this and it crapped out on me after  a couple of years of easy work. Behringer is typically good at making comparable gear at better prices than most. I use this for my vocal monitor attached to my drum rack. So much more efficient than a floor monitor. I have my own volume and tone settings at my fingertips, and because there is more than one channel, I can run a full main mix into it on one channel and mix in a separate feed from my own pa channel. Very cool to be able to mix down a too loud harmony, or turn myself up a little in my ear without affecting any of the other mix dynamics. Definitely recommend ... Hey you get volume and tone and control of your own space! overallrating 5   lineend
name meongski review I bought this unit for my son's edrums and because of the inputs (RCA, Mic & Instruments). I plugged my guitar in channel 1, mic in 2 & his edrums on RCA and we're good to go. Not as loud as the 10\" or 12\" speakers of course but for small room this will do. Playing music on RCA channel is also nice but you will need to adjust the EQ to get a good highs and lows. Light weight and very portable. overallrating 4   lineend
name Rick Holly review  I play 1-2 nights a week in a midi-assisted duo. Our PA is a pair of Mackie 15\" Thumps (powered) on the floor and Behringer 12\" B212D (powered) on stands with a Mackie board. We adjust the PA to the room by adding or reducing the number of powered speakers. In larger rooms we have a regular pair of floor monitors but in smaller rooms where you are stuck in a corner between the coat rack and the waiters station (you know the spot where they generously removed two small tables) we don't have space for floor monitors. These smaller jobs have become much more common and I needed a compact yet powerful monitor. Since we work with midi sound modules to reproduce the drums, bass and assorted extra instuments, it is very important that we hear these sounds clearly. The Behringer monitors do the job well. The overall sound is clean and clear, the speakers are light and portable and for me the boom stand adapter works well. I compared the Behringers to their \"clone\" the Mackie SRM 150 and frankly I couldn't hear a major difference with my MP3 player playing through them. Obviously Behringer cloned the Mackie's and did a good job. They have all of the same inputs and outputs as the Mackie's and look almost exactly the same. I have owned a pair of Behringer B21D powered speakers for about three years now and they have been knocked over and mistreated (accidentally) and still work great every night so I am a fan of Behringer gear. In the end the real difference was the price. The Behringer's go for $150 0 while the Mackie's go for about $250 0. The choice was simple; since I couldn't hear (or see) a major difference I bought the Behringer's. I have only had them for about two months but I have been pleased so far.Update: It has been a couple of months more since I started using these monitors and have even purchased an additional one. I still love the sound and all of the other things I posted above but: forget about the boom stand adapter. It is very difficult to get lined up so the mic is facing you and because of the angle of the monitor itself which is not adjustable the boom will not stay in place. I am using a good quality telescoping mini boom that is not very big or heavy at all but it will not stay up. Save yourself the headaches and just carry another mic stand. Other than that these are great monitors. overallrating 4   lineend
name The Picker review i just got the 3rd monitor.  great price.  got here in 2 days ....so.  my first 2 units have a very bright blue ish color LED for power.the latest one has a very mellow amber color LED.anyone else noticed different color LED's ?comparing the units, the newest one seems to have a differnt type feel on the impact plasctic shell.weight and sound is the same.i use them for everything from full band to acoustic .  great for vocals and guitar.  as stated by others not much bass response ( but from a 5 in speaker what would you expect).mine have been dropped, wet, hot and never missed a beat. overallrating 5   lineend
name Anthony Caraballo review  These are made solid and are very stable.  I knocked it to 4 stars because they don't match up.  The holes in the poles for the safety pin are not at the same interval on each stand so it can look funky. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bmkeener review They are well built and can hold almost any speaker system you throw at them. I have already recommended these to a friend and he bought them. He likes them too. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles Forquignon review  I bought a set of these from Amazon's warehouse deals page with a discount because of some expected damage. They showed up in pretty good shape though to my surprise!I was expecting some damage to the items, but hoping that between the 2 of them that i would be able to salvage enough to put together one full stand. I bought these because I needed ONLY 1 stand with good height on it for mounting my 32\" LCD Hitachi Flat screen to it. I use this TV in my studio so that everyone can see what's going on when we record and work on music. I needed something that was going to be sturdy and hold the TV high enough that everyone in the studio would be able to see it all the time.Both stands showed up in good and working condition. They go up to about 8' tall and are perfect for mounting speakers onto, although I use it to mount my TV about ceiling height which is about the same weight as my speakers if not more. They work GREAT! I'm going to add some pictures of my creation when i get around to it, give me about a month.... overallrating 5   lineend
name cliff pierce review Great speaker stands, well constructed easy adjustments for different setups.Carry case nice addition.Recieved set of Two stands with case promptly and in perfect condition.Two stands and carry case delivered for the price of one stand at many places,Great Deal! overallrating 5   lineend
name CLS review Bought two sets. Both arrived together and at the expected delivery date. I had bought two sets of the Pyle Pro PMDK102 months previously which also included a pair of 25ft 1/4\" cabling from an Amazon dealer which arrived without problems. Initially, I noticed only a slight difference in the two models which centered around the way the adjusting clamp allowed for the extension of the center speaker poles. Personally, I think its easier to setup the Pyle Pro PSTK103. Later comparison showed that the PSTK103 is also substantially taller in both the length of the tripod legs and the retracted center speaker pole.However, the way it was packaged severely diminished my opinion on how much the manufacturer really cared about its own products. The paint finish was chipped on several areas of the legs. There were dimples and nicks in several areas of the leg tubing. Why I blame the manufacturer's packaging more so than the way it was handled during shipping is simple ... the tripod legs have multiple connections which protrude from the joints and aside from the use of thin plastic bags to separate the two units laying upside down and side-by-side within the small confines of its included unpadded travel bag within its shipping carton, no other fore-thought of protection to prevent each tripod unit from physically rubbing or banging against one another during transport was afforded. Really, how hard would it have been to just separate the two units within the travel bag with some corrugated cardboard or a strip of expanded foam?!!!On the plus side ... after testing each of the tripod stands ... all seemed to function perfectly well. The units were light yet seemed solid and stable once set up. The price seemed right thought and if the manner of packaging were improved ... I would definitely say that thus far it seems like a great buy. Only time and after some use hereafter will I be able to determine if the unit holds up and is truly a bargain. overallrating 3   lineend
name Debs review  I ordered these stands hoping that they would be better than the price indicated. However, the bag was ripped in 3 places. The stands were both scratched badly with lots of paint missing. The most annoying thing was that they did not match each other. The locking mechanism was different on each stand and they were different heights. The holes in the inner poles were drilled  in different places so in order to use the support pins and have the speakers at the same height, you had to adjust the legs to accommodate the difference in height. They looked like they might be relatively solid but I returned them anyway...bit disappointing. overallrating 2   lineend
name No Name review The bag is simple canvas.  It probably won't protect a steel ball from a marshmallow attack.  However, the stands are sturdy, fully adjustable, and look professional. overallrating 5   lineend
name overbybr review Both of the stands had parts that had fallen out, or were missing all together. When the pamphlet that comes with them states that they are fully assembled and guaranteed to be free of defects, this is a major concern. It may be that I got a bad box that got missed by quality control, but it does make me suspicious of Pyle products. overallrating 2   lineend
name Tommy B. review These are your basic speaker stands for PA systems...they're functional, durable, and can be set-up within just a few seconds. I would have given this a higher rating, however upon receipt, one of the stands would not lock into place and kept sliding down regardless of how tight I had set the tension. While inspecting the bag, I found a hard plastic block which looked like it was part of the aluminum tubing of the speaker stand. Further inspection confirmed this as this 'block' was indeed part of the tube, and after several minutes of wrestling with it, I was able to get it lodged back inside. The block was part of the tension &#34;mechanism&#34; and once it was forced back into the tube, the stand(s) performed flawlessly. overallrating 4   lineend
name A Carter review It's a great strap. It's comfortable and you can wear it for hours. It looks good as while. I got it earlier then expected and I love it. I would definitely recommend it for anyone from beginner to pro. overallrating 4   lineend
name bayou bob review this will work for just about everyone...but i prefer the walker williams brand...but these work fine easy to get strap locks on...will keep on the side for next guitar...you shouild be happy. enjoy overallrating 4   lineend
name Boiler98 review I am very impressed with the quality of this strap for how little I paid.  Nice soft flexible leather, and very adjustable.  I had to lengthen the slit one end to fit over the oversize strap attach fitting on my Fender acoustic electric, but other than that it fit perfect. overallrating 5   lineend
name CaptainButts review I was using a nylon strap before I got this one. I love the feel of this and the fact that its a little wider than my older strap. The leather feels very high quality and the end pieces fit snug on my acoustic guitar and I don't have that worry of it coming loose. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charlo review I bought five of these when they were being blown out for like $3 apiece, but even at the normal price they are a bargain.  They are comfortable when used for an extended period of time- even with a heavy Les Paul.  If you play an SG, these will help counter the dreaded 'neck dive' that you get when using a nylon strap with those guitars.  Incidentally, Amazon is selling these straps at about 1/3 the price you would pay at GC.  Highly recommended ! overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald review I can use this strap with either smooth or suede side on my shoulder.Actually I like the smooth side on my shoulder so it is easy to adjust position without pulling on my shirt. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hagen LeBray review Over the past couple of months I've been replacing guitar straps.  This one seemed ideal for an everyday all-around strap.  And, it would be, but the holes are too tight.  Really a major chore to get over a strap button.  I had to elongate the slits just to force on the strap.  I've probably bought dozens of straps over the past forty-plus years, and I never had this problem until the latest straps I've purchased--so this strap isn't the only one with which I've had an issue.  A tight-fitting strap isn't in itself a problem, except when one needs to take it off!  Yikes!  Otherwise, this is a nice strap.  Oh, I tried the strap on three guitars, just to be sure the first wasn't an anomaly. overallrating 3   lineend
name J. Poehner review Its a little stiff and I'm sure it will soften up upon more use. Cant beat the price! I used this on an acoustic bass and it is plenty long. overallrating 4   lineend
name kbgulfcoast review My go to strap, be it brown or black,Just plain tool leather, can't beat itTakes sweat and breaks in great, always well made. overallrating 5   lineend
name kwb review When you need a no-nonsense leather strap that is not long, consider this. If you need something fancy, or want to sling your guitar low, or if you are a tall person, probably you want to skip this.I'm 5ft 8\" and I'm already using the longest setting with my acoustic that has a strap button on the heel of the neck as well as the end pin, and it's not like I'm trying to hold my guitar particularly low. If you are a tall person, or if you want to mimic Jimmy Page's posture or something, this is not for you.Apart from that, I have to say that the cost performance of this thing is really impressive (it's more so if I believe the \"made in Canada\" sticker on it). Hard to beat it as far as leather straps go. At 2.5 inches wide, it's comfortable, one-ply leather is reasonably pliable yet seems to be thick enough, and the looks of it is not that bad either. Sure, there should be nicer/better product, but you cannot buy them for 12 bucks.The only complaint I have is that a sticker that left some sticky residue was on the back side of the strap. Though it was not a big deal to remove the residue using rubbing alcohol and some  elbow grease, it would have been nice if I was able to use it without any extra work without worrying about some gummy sticky thing rubbed on the guitar. overallrating 4   lineend
name legendery-sound. review great leather strap  nice color well made strong and feels comfortable smooth, it wont dig in Ur shoulder like some other straps out there,,, and u can adjust it ,, i adjust mines and cut the unnecessary material,, can am lee and tall so i have no gut to have to need extra strap and i don't like to play low like to my knees, that looks trashy and cant shred cuz of the angle of ur wrist , so i use my strap waist height and looks cool proportional and  it gives me A great angle for my wrist , to be able to play fast and move up n down on the neck,,, so i say great buy,, i give it 5 stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name L. Ole'son review My frist guitar strap I like it alot. Dose not cut in your shoulder or back. Will get aother one for 2nd guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Parabola review I thought I would not have a problem with the length of the strap but low and behold it was just a little too short.  I like my guitar hanging low and this strap doesn't cut it in that department.  Still, for the price I had to give it four stars.  You get a lot of high quality leather at a very good price, just wish it went a little longer. overallrating 4   lineend
name Popper review Adjustments are easy to make and the fit/feel is fine. No fancy designs, but a great value for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name RS617 review If you're looking for an inexpensive leather strap, this one will do nicely. Leather is supple, not hard, and it looks great with natural finish guitars. My only complaint is that it is difficult to attach at first (holes are smaller than usual, probably an anomaly). So for the price of polypropylene or cotton, you can upgrade to leather. overallrating 4   lineend
name Teagan Mago review It's no frills.  It doesn't feel like quality leather to me.  The construction is pretty basic.  It is a very good value though.  It does seem like it can deal with some wear and tear. overallrating 4   lineend
name Joseph review Good strap, very comfortable and strong. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. M. Steiner review I searched on Amazon for a banjo strap and this came up. When I received the strap I realized it doesn't fit a banjo. I then looked at the description closely and found it says it's a guitar strap. Just to let you know, this is not a banjo strap  :)  I was able use it anyway on my guitar. It's not the best strap in the world, but it's not bad. I gave it four stars for that reason. I think it would wear quickly with lots of use. overallrating 4   lineend
name Carlos review Yes I would ,,buy is a great strap nice comfort nice priceFits nice in to my Fender guitar, a thumbs up overallrating 5   lineend
name C.E. review  I bought this strap because I thought the pattern was awesome! The comfort is okay, I never wear it for more than a couple hours at a time. But... just the design man, go planet waves! overallrating 4   lineend
name chris araza review Like the strap and the design specially when is on the shoulder, thank you! highly recommend to everyone who play guitar overallrating 4   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  First of all this strap looks super cool. The Hootenany style is sweeeet! I have this on a cream colored strat(like) guitar and it looks great. The reason for only four stars is that the material is a bit thin, but hey, for this price I am not expecting a Levy's strap. All in all this is a great guitar strap. Throw some strap locks on it and away you go!!! overallrating 4   lineend
name J. Edgar Mihelic review  It works well for holding up a guitar, and it looks good doing it.  As long as you don't ask it to hold up a bass, you'll be fine (the price is hard to beat too). overallrating 4   lineend
name jesw review My kid is happy with this strap for his guitar. He did have to widen the hole a bit in order to fit the strap over the peg on the bottom of his guitar, but ever since he got it on he's been very pleased. He especially likes the colors. overallrating 5   lineend
name jinx review I'm happy enough with this, it looks okay and fits properly so what more could you ask for. Good deal. overallrating 4   lineend
name John review It's very thin, all parts about it are kinda thin and cheap, but it works exactly as it should. Not bad if you just need to round out an order to get free shipping. Not for your favorite guitar though, more of a beginner's or a throw-away, 'gig' strap. overallrating 3   lineend
name Lucy Cat review  Sweet strap, nice colors, good quality.  Adjusts easily, nice quality leather hookups.  Don't forget your strap locks if you're planning to rock out :-)Looks great with my white Fender Jazz Bass Standard! overallrating 4   lineend
name Marktwain10 review  Does what a strap should- holds guitar fine and is built well for five bucks. I like the unique pattern on this thing too. Came in a timely manner, what else is there to say? Made in Canada. overallrating 5   lineend
name MrGizmo review It looks nice, it's really really long and it's made strong but you could also use it for slicing skin and maybe a whip. After throwing it into the washing machine 3x with lots of softener, rubbing it with lard, dirt and baby powder, then soaking it over night. It's finally soft and I could play naked without slicing off my head!  So buy it and prepare to really abuse it for a few days to soften it up! overallrating 4   lineend
name Norb review This strap is pretty thin.  Not like some of the other for the same price that I have purchased on Amazon.  Still does its job, but we'll see how the quality is after a while, overallrating 3   lineend
name TheMan review The strap is of good quality and since its new it still feel stiff but I am happy that I got it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tyler Adams review The strap looks great.  Very cool design and looks good on my tele.  And all for 7 bucks w/ prime shipping.  So why only 3-stars?  This is my fourth strap purchase from Planet Waves.  I have grown to love Planet Waves' straps for their comfort and durability, and obviously the designs.  I thought that this strap was the same as my others only with a different design.  Mainly because at my local music shops, I have never seen/felt a Planet Waves strap that was NOT made out of their usual thick, soft, and durable material(whatever that might be) that I have grown to love.  This strap is VERY thin and brittle feeling, which makes it very uncomfortable to use.  This strap DOES slide easily on your shirt (which is what I prefer) but once it makes contact with your neck it is SHARP and it makes your neck sore and itchy.  Needless to say this strap is definitely not suited for playing without a shirt on, Ouch!  I have tried running it through the washing machine a few times with fabric softener along with using it constantly to try to get it broken in.  But it is still as sharp as it was out of the package.  Maybe with years and years of use it will finally soften up.  That is if it lasts that long.Overall what you need to know is that this strap is NOT the same as the other Planet Waves straps.  The material is very thin and brittle feeling; unlike the many other straps from Planet Waves.  If comfort is not important to you then get this strap.  The price can't be beat and will give your guitar that 70's look.  If I would have paid $20+ on this strap I would be furious.  But at only $7 this strap is still a steal. overallrating 3   lineend
name ultravega review This strap has a fantastic old-school look and vibe, and I've never had it slip off while playing.  The only downside is that it's a bit rough on any loose skin.  I could never play with this strap without a shirt and sometimes if it rides up I can feel it on my neck (but that is very rare and only if playing with a loose t-shirt).  For 99% of situations these strap rocks. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ana Pendragon review At this price how can you go wrong?Comfortable and sturdy.Works just fine, thank you.Bought another for my Strat. overallrating 5   lineend
name Boiler98 review This is a very comfortable strap.  Because it is cotton, this strap is more flexible than many nylon straps.  It fits the guitar perfect, and is easy to adjust.  Well made, and you can't beat the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name CRS71 review When I first felt this strap, I smiled...This is so supple to the touch, making playing with it a great experience. Yet it's durable enough even for the roughest of players. It is fully adjustable, allowing for all body types. This is the first strap that I've bought in a long time. I have a Planet Waves strap with studs and I like it very much. I'ts the only strap I've ever used. Untill now. Now I have it put away and I'm using this one. If yore looking for a new strap, I highly recommend this one. Trust me...You will not be disapointed by it. Yeah it looks a little plain, but it doesn't slide around while playing and I love it!! BUY IT ALREADY!! XD overallrating 5   lineend
name DC review I got this strap just to try something different than a nylon. At first it was kind of weird since the strap grips your shirt a little bit and wrinkles it up if you try to move it around. But after a while I found it a quite useful feature of this strap because your guitar wont slide around when you're playing and will stay nice and steady while playing. Those with neck heavy guitars might also want to give this a shot since it grips so well. It is also very long, longer than i thought. I have it slung a little low, and there's plenty of slack left on the strap. So it's probably long enough for Shaq to use it and still sling it as low as James Hetfield.  The only complaint I have about this guitar is the fact that it was a little tough to get on my epiphone les paul. But again it adds another feature to the strap, since the thing isn't falling off anytime soon! I almost feel like I wont even need strap locks it's so good. Also the holes are very strong and have not torn open at all, which usually happens on a heavy guitar like the one I have.  All in all a perfect buy for the money. overallrating 5   lineend
name GolferMark review This strap is nice and comfortable but your guitar will fall off of it easily. I plan on using strap locks so it won't matter to me but if you don't use strap locks, your guitar may hit the floor and ruin your whole day.My advice. Install strap locks on all of your guitars and protect your investment. Then choose comfortable straps that won't scratch your guitar (like this one). overallrating 4   lineend
name mjosephl review This guitar strap was so inexpensive compared to the other ones I was concerned that it would be flimsy and look terrible. Since I planned on using it as a mandolin strap I figured it would be alright if it wasn't strong enough for a guitar.I was pleasantly surprised to find it well-made with a clean, simple appearance. I am getting another one for my acoustic guitar and may replace the leather strap on my electric guitar with one of these also. overallrating 5   lineend
name Personne review I picked up a couple of these straps, one for a Les Paul and one for a bass.  Anyone who's ever played a Les knows that a wide comfortable strap is a must-have.  This one fits the bill.  The end-pieces are thick, with a peg-hole that just fits--not so small you have to cut and not so large you're worried about the guitar slipping out.  The cotton strap itself is pliable and comfortable.  It doesn't scratch like the plastic straps do and it doesn't grab your shirt so badly.  Can't complain.  Good strap at a good price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pone Tony review Leather tends to be stiff and not very flexible.  Nylon has incredible strength but isn't very comfortable.  In my humble opinion, cotton twill is totally the way to go.  It's comfortable and adequately strong.  This strap is sturdy and robust, and it's plain black.  You can't go wrong here.Schaller strap locks are compatible with this strap.  You should buy those too, they're great.It gets five stars for being not only better than most other competing products, but also a lot cheaper. overallrating 5   lineend
name Renbutsu review Looking for a strap that is sturdy, comfortable, and simple in design, I use this strap along with and without the Planet Waves quick release system, perfect for use when I am standing and playing.  I have several, for our electrics and acoustics.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help. overallrating 5   lineend
name W. Soh review As good as advertized.Rugged and sturdy.Live up to expectations and is comfortable.I would definitely buy a few more of these. overallrating 5   lineend
name Anthony J. review Love this strap! It's a good quality strap and I have three of them. Being comfortable and basic you can let your imagine run wild! Just go browse a crafts store and see what you can find to make it YOURS. I can't let on what I've done to mine because...they are originals...but you can have a blast making a one of a kind of your own. Come on, we're artists so show off your creativity. overallrating 5   lineend
name B Perry review  This is a very serviceable strap at a great price. I own five of them They last well and are as good as many higher priced straps. overallrating 5   lineend
name carolinaautoguy review This is a lower quality Leather StrapPros:CheapLeatherEasy adjustment designCons:Leather was low quality - rough and hard to the touchLeather had scrape marks on front and back of strapEyelits for attaching to guitar are not incredibly tight, , I need strap locks to feel safe with the strapLeather lacks give and is rough, rubs neck and shoulder and digs into flesh with heavier guitars or base.It is an OK strap... not great... but cheap overallrating 3   lineend
name D. Gray review  While not as soft and supple as suede straps, I am pretty sure this solid little strap will break in fairly well. The button holes were a little tight, but thats not a bad thing. It is definitely longer than a normal strap by a few inches and it smells nice to boot. It is fairly thin but that should help it break in quicker. All-in-all it's a good strap for the money, which wasn't much. overallrating 4   lineend
name Hagen LeBray review This is a nice leather strap, not thick, but very functional and nice looking.  I found it a bit uncomfortable with a heavyweight electric guitar, but should work just fine with an acoustic. overallrating 4   lineend
name Igor B. review Planet Waves Classic Leather Guitar Strap Black is good product.It's soft and pretty, and looks nice with my Strat.Recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Barrera review nice strap, i meant its just a basic strap, so its not gonna blow your mind or anything but its of very good quality from what i can tell so far. should last a while with good care. overallrating 5   lineend
name JdoubleH review This is a single layer fairly thick strap of sturdy leather with a suede back. At full price of 16.99, it is a solid deal. Any lower, and it is a steal. Leather straps are a little tricky to buy online; You can't feel it or see the exact one you are purchasing, and every piece of leather is different. Most of the time with leather straps, you get the quality you pay for. This one appears to be an exception to that rule. But if you are looking for buttery soft fine Corinthian leather with gold stitching, you need to understand that you'll have to pay more. If you want one made from Wild Buffalo Leather or Free Range Mastodon Hide, you'll need to hitch a ride in the Tardis. If all you want is a solid deal on a basic leather strap that won't let you down, this is a safe bet. Oh and tight strap button holes? That's a good thing in my universe, as gravity is often as irresistible as the lure of time travel (on this Planet, anyhow). overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe Toland review Nice strap for the money. I ordered black but got brown. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jon S review Nice solid no frills guitar strap. I used this on my stupid heavy Agile guitar and it helped a lot. overallrating 5   lineend
name Josh Leger review I bought this strap because I wanted to draw on it with sharpie and then cover it with a clear coat to preserve the sharpie. This is a good sized strap with a  nice drawing surface. My plan worked, and this is a good quality strap to do it on. And such a good price. overallrating 5   lineend
name kbgulfcoast review Good leather good build, made to last  and age nicely.  I like leather best of all things it feels proper, and I like simple let the guitar stand out, keep the strap simple but elegant. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Nguyen review   and indeed, this guitar strap deserves 5 stars.It feel like leather but I am not 100% it is true leather. However, at 10$ a piece, I have to give it 5 stars.I used to have nylon straps and these twist too easily. This one does not twist, saves me lot of times, especially during gigs.I will order two more (I have 4 different kind of guitars, acoustic, classical, electric and bass), it fit all of them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr Tall review Like many others here have pointed out, this is a very good leather strap at a very good price and it is made in Canada. It is a simple design, but it is plenty long enough for a taller than average player, is solidly made, and did you notice how low the price is?I have looked at leather straps for some time, and could never pull the trigger on ordering one because of sticker shock on the price. Most straps I have seen in guitar stores of this quality start in the $30+ price category. I just cannot justify spending $30 or $50 or more for an overpriced version of this same guitar strap which has some fancy brand name label on it and is of no better quality. This strap was barely more expensive than a cheap nylon strap! (A nylon strap may work adequately but lacks any real sense of style)Also, most of the name brand straps are two inch or three inch wide, and this 2-1/2 inch wide strap is just right for me.I like this strap so much I am now placing an order for one in every colour I can find them in for use with my other guitars! overallrating 5   lineend
name puddytat review Nice strap but a bit too stiff ... might loosen up in time but certainly worth buying.  Well built and good adjustability. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ray review Good quality and very comfortable for the material and with of belt, no matter how heavy your axe is. Can't go wrong with this one. overallrating 5   lineend
name RAYON ORMOND review This is a very GOOD General purpose strap! A little stiff, but I'm hoping it will loosen up with use. overallrating 4   lineend
name S. Stewart Pope review This is a great guitar strap for the money.  I have a similar strap made of thicker leather that I really like but it cost 4 times as much. The strap is comfortable and adjustable. I liked the strap enough that I bought a couple of more in different colors. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sweed review As the title says 8 weeks in and no issues at all.  It's comfortable and sturdy.  What else could you want in a guitar strap? overallrating 5   lineend
name trebe review Most better quality leather guitar straps are typically $20 or more, so in retrospect, the low cost of this Planet Waves Black Leather guitar strap should have served as a red flag.  I bought it anyway, hoping that it would be a decent product, but unfortunately, upon receiving it, I was almost immediately disappointed at the quality of the item.While the strap appears to be 100% leather, and isn't a piece of junk, it doesn't appear to be of very high quality. The leather is thin and soft, and I would not be at all surprised, if the edges soon begin to curl, and the strap begins to wrinkle. I don't expect the leather around the holes for the strap nuts, to hold up well long term. If you use this strap, you probably want to use some kind of strap locking system.I have leather straps that have lasted for over ten years. The leather is thicker and stiffer, and has resisted fraying along the edges. While the leather has developed some cracks, it is still holding up fine, and there is no chance that the strap will tear. I could be wrong, but looking at the Planet Waves strap, I have doubts that it will hold up anywhere near as well or as long.If you are a casual player, this strap is probably fine, although strap locks are recommended. The leather may start to curl up and deform, but the strap certainly isn't going to fail immediately. While serviceable, more serious players, or those with an aggressive style of playing, might want to spending a little more for a better quality leather strap. I decided to keep this strap, but it is installed on a secondary guitar that I don't play that much. overallrating 3   lineend
name christopher Lamothe review this real leather strap is nice the price is Evan better the only thing I should warm if your a extra large person or you have a beer belly then this strap will not fit you overallrating 5   lineend
name Danny K. review For the price it is mostly comfortable and of sturdy build.  It matches my Epiphone Sheraton II well although it doesn't &#34;twist&#34; easily (my neck strap pin is on the backside of the guitar). overallrating 4   lineend
name J. Rowland review  This is, for the price I paid for it here on Amazon (far less than what it is currently selling for) a very good buy.  At the current price of almost 30 bucks, I would pass or look at other options but that is just me.  The leather is attractive, thick enough, soft enough for the price, and I found the length to be more than long enough for me personally.  I almost have it on the shortest possible setting and there is far more room to let out.  Only really tall people, big people, or \"low players\" will be disappointed perhaps.  I only have a few very MINOR complaints and of course my complaints are subjective so YMMV.  One, the back side of the strap is not black.  It's a blue/grey color and I didn't realize that.  You can see a tiny bit of the greyish color in the photo but not enough to really get an idea of what the backside looks like.  I assumed incorrectly that both sides were black.  Two, the embossed design is a little feminine for my tastes.  All that said, it is nice and some will love it.  Quality at the right price.  Easy to adjust.  Looks like it will last.  Solid four stars despite me personal opinion. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mike Brown review I purchased one of these a few weeks back and loved it so much that I just had to order another one.  If you want comfort, styple, at a good price, I highly recommend these guitar straps. overallrating 5   lineend
name Minh Pham review I don't like these too much. The back side will shed for a while before settling down. The leather is rather soft. I've purchased other similar straps that work better and feel more comfortable. This particular one is just ok. overallrating 3   lineend
name puddytat review Would not say it is the best feeling strap but does look very nice.. It is a little stiff feeling compared to the others I have purchased but overall it is very nice. overallrating 3   lineend
name Roger M. Bates review The material used is fine.  The looks are fine.  The length is horrible.  This is too short for most adults that play guitar.  It felt like I was holding my guitar around my neck instead of off my shoulders.  I attached it by the longest way possible and it was well short of what I could use.  To me this was a worthless purchase.  I just tucked it into a drawer and it will sit there and not be used again. overallrating 1   lineend
name bayou bob review yes, a iittle white flaking but no biggie unless you have a black case interior...easy to install strap locks...use on blue strat and looks great..enjoy overallrating 4   lineend
name christopher Lamothe review I'm very impressed really thought it would be pleather but it's real leather highly recommend this strap and it came quick overallrating 4   lineend
name Danny K. review The only solid white leather strap I could find that didn't have any ornamentation.  It is of average quality but for the price I wasn't expecting much.  It looks nice and is mostly comfortable on my black Ibanez RG550XX. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dave review It isn't the softest strap. But the width makes it feel better till it's &#34;broken-in&#34;. Good leather that should last a long time.  I have very similer straps that have lasted 30+ years. overallrating 4   lineend
name D. Jones review  Nicely made and a good value but it seems to be a bit stiff right now.It is a single strip of leather with no padding.Maybe it just needs to be broken in.Compliments the color on my Lake Placid blue strat well.For the record, this strap is actually quite long - even in the second strap hole.I am about 5'9\" and a trim 155 lbs.At the shortest setting I can manage, the strap is too long to keep the heastock up effectively when I am sitting.Update 2011-Jul-31: The strap is still rather stiff.I will probably pick up a white cotton strap.Those fit well and can be resized a lot more efficiently, in my opinion. overallrating 4   lineend
name GreatAPG review Strap was a much better quality than expected for the cost.  Clean well packaged .  Has adjustment for length the hole size is per very good will take some working to get it on the guitar so you need not worry about slipping off.  I will still use a strap lock .  Nice product I suggest it . overallrating 5   lineend
name Pa user review i felt i needed a white strap for an extra one to have around. This makes a good spare, but I would not use it and trust it on stage. It is thin leather and doesn't seem like it will hold up under any abusive situation. That's just my opinion of it, you may not see it like that and have no fear of it. I would fear it. overallrating 3   lineend
name Peter Holub review It's the same as the other flavors, which all work fine, but it looks great with my new white Gretch. overallrating 5   lineend
name Randy V. Brown review I bought this strap for my new American Deluxe Plus Stratocaster. The &#34;Strat&#34; is Mystic Ice Blue, with a maple neck and fretboard. With the light metallic blue, and the natural maple neck and fretboard, the white strap looks great! I'm very pleased with it. overallrating 5   lineend
name TWM review I do question the leather part but since it doesn't say what kind of leather I suppose thats fine, its still a good strap either way. overallrating 5   lineend
name 3rdtimer review It's well made. Not much else you can say about it. Buy it. It is worth it. Packaged very well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dako review  I ended up ordering this cable to connect a 535Q Wah into a Dyna Comp on my Pedaltrain 2 board. It's the perfect length, as the 1/2 foot cable was just a little bit too short. Since then, I've ordered these patch cable in other lengths, and they've done a great job of cleaning up the look of my pedalboard. overallrating 4   lineend
name Hitthespot review I have had really good luck with the planet wave patch cables.  They haven't had a huge amount of use, but none of them have went bad or caused any excess noise, and I've bought over 10 of them. overallrating 4   lineend
name Kyle D. review I got a few of these as a Christmas gift and they're just bad.  I put them on my pedalboard where I previously had longer cables and these just didn't stay in the jack.  I have no other problems with these jacks with any other cable but these.  If I play loudly and my room vibrates a bit, the cable even works its way out of the jack a little bit and cuts my signal.  Awful. overallrating 1   lineend
name Matt review Perfect for patching effects pedals together that are further apart. Good quality cable with a good price. Most of my cables are from Planet Waves and I've never had an issue. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ocean Blue review These cords work great and helped me (finally) clean up a mess of longer cords running between various voice processors and mixer.  The set-up went from a mess of eight neatly wrapped 6 ft cords to these 1 footers.  Looks great.  Cords are sturdy - I haven't had nor do I foresee any issues with them.  Would definitely buy again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Parker Hicks review It comes with a lifetime guarantee and feels really sturdy. They come in many lengths and it is sleek and effective. Great price as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul C. review I purchased a BUNCH of Planet Waves Classic cables for my new pedal board. The cable is a little fat at the connector for pedal board use so if you have a tight fit this is not the cable for you. However, I am very pleased to find the cable itself is quite flexible. My complaint, like other reviews I read, is that the end doesn't seem to fit snug on some connections. For me these cables fit very well with the MXR pedals, Dunlop wah and the Ibanez pedal. The Boss pedals however, were hit or miss. Can't say for sure if this is Plant Waves design problem or Boss, but it does seem odd it seems to be mostly the Boss pedals. I have a couple EHX pedals also, one side is snug the other loose. Anyway, for the money, I think you will be happy with the Planet Waves cable, nice moulded ends with a good flexible cable. overallrating 4   lineend
name thrashreno review awesome patch cables for your pedalboard. they are not as rigid as your typical patch cables which works for winding in and around pedals easier and you can twist and angle them however you want without stressing your input jacks. love Planet Waves gear. overallrating 5   lineend
name aceofbase review I like these short planet waves cables for short runs where there won't be a lot of abuse going on. They have good quality connector jackets similar to Monster cables. There are better made cables out there but few are in this price range. overallrating 5   lineend
name AT review What can I say? It's a cable. It works very well on a pedalboard. I personally use it to cable my pedal together from the first row to second row. That requires a cable longer than 6\" or 1 foot. The 3 foot is perfect and it works great! overallrating 5   lineend
name auyanetjl review Planet waves knows hot to make great quality and economic stuff. All of the cables in my pedalboard are planet waves overallrating 5   lineend
name Captn' Bob review Good cords with a decent length.  I like the right angle as sometimes it gets tight in a pedal box.  I order the longer cord to go to my wah pedal which I always set outside of my pedal board.  Works quite well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Carlo Verdi review Nice quality plug. I used this plug to connect my lower row of pedals on my pedal board to the second line of pedals. Works great and no noise! The shielding on these Planet Waves cables are great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Coffee Infusion review  Using this as a line from my amp to a single pedal. Works great, no noise. Well made cable with bullet-proof molded TS protection. The cable is slightly on the thin side, but it functions well. Without a doubt, a very sturdy cable. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dako review  I ended up ordering this cable to connect my bottom row of effects to my top row, on a Pedaltrain 2 board. It's the perfect length, and the very slight bit of excess can be zip-tied against the Pedaltrain, leaving a total stealth install. Since then, I've ordered these patch cable in other lengths, and they've done a great job of cleaning up the look of my pedalboard. overallrating 4   lineend
name Diego A. Umana review This is just another cable out there - There is nothing special in particular about it. It does what it should. Cheers! overallrating 3   lineend
name GolferMark review They work great, they're quiet and they're cheap. What else can you ask for? I'm very happy with the product overallrating 5   lineend
name Hitthespot review I really like the soft flexible cable these have. They were perfect for my pedal board. Highly recommended. You will find yourself wanting more than you purchased. overallrating 5   lineend
name thrashreno review exactly what i needed to set up my pedal board. the flexibility is awesome, you can wind it underneath and around the pedal board and still plug it in to the pedals with out straining. overallrating 5   lineend
name William J. Stasse review This jumper cable is a decent cable used for jumping from one unit to another when longer connections are required & a 10 ft. cable is too long. I would not depend on it for night after night abuse but, it just may last longer than I think. Planet Waves does make good products. overallrating 4   lineend
name barleypopmaker review  I love these strings. I'm a novice and have been using the strings that came with base which were roundwound strings. I don't like the sound my fingers make when moving between notes. With these flats, the sound is gone. What more, the sound of these strings is a lot more bold and has some awesome tone. It's easy to tell what strings are for notes, but just in case you have a hard time telling thickness for some reason, they are color coded to help with that. I can't speak out about other types of strings, but I love these over roundwounds in both how they play and the sound. I will experiment with other flats over time, but I am very happy with these. overallrating 5   lineend
name bassestkkm review I absolutely love these strings. I'm used to playing higher tension strings and these fit the bill perfectly. They have a great full sound and after breaking them in after a couple weeks of playing they give a really good classic P bass sound. Its not for people who want the modern brighter sound but for the classic 50s 60s and 70s sound these are great! overallrating 5   lineend
name Dave review Who would have thought you could buy \"quality\" bass guitar strings from the same place you can buy your DVDs?The strings are, with out a doubt, real Fender strings. And even with shipping coasts they are STILL comparably-priced if not cheaper then buying them at a nationaly franchised music store.But...Because you don't have the opportunity to compare strings; I do recommend that you know what you want.I've also purchased \"top shelf\" guitar stings, as well as a variety of other products, from AMAZON and have ALWAYS been satisfied with the qualiy and service. overallrating 5   lineend
name frank arcidiacona review Good bottom, the stainless give's you a nice treble,there's still a good flatwound sound, i use roundwound on my other basses but it was nice to come back. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gary D. Garvin review  In a world of round wound strings, flat wounds (the original bass starings) aren't as popular. These are nice and bright ... love 'em! overallrating 5   lineend
name JdoubleH review Strings are so subjective and perform so differently depending on the instrument, I have a hard time reviewing them. I have them on an older MIM P bass and am quickly falling in love with them. I tried GHS flats on this bass previously- about all I can say is meh (too rough - they feel more like half rounds, just not the right tone on this particular instrument). I've got another P bass (fretless) with Labella Jamerson's on it (which are still my favorite flats), but these are a close second. Add to that they're half the price of the Labella's, and we've got an easy winner. They're silky smooth, and probably more versatile than the Labella's as there's plenty of top end for a wide variety of styles and music. My tone knob has never been more useful! overallrating 5   lineend
name Sphinx90 review Great flatwound strings. I put these on my J-bass over a year ago and they still sound and feel awesome. They are stainless steel and very smooth. I have never tried other flats except for chromes on my Tele and Fender tapewounds on my fretless, so my view may be biased. For what I paid and how they sound, feel, and have lasted, I am very pleased. overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam review This is my first tube amp and after doing a TON of research, I found that the VOX AC15C1 was just about perfect for me.It came down to the AC15, Fender Blues Jr. and the Ibanez TS15. The Blues Jr. has a somewhat small enclosure for a 1x12 and I felt it had a bit of a review   of this amp, chances are, you've heard about the classic VOX \"chime\ which this amp has, but I fell in love with the natural tube saturation on the top boost channel right away. The normal channel will break up nicely too, but I would suggest an A/B switch and run the normal channel fairly clean and the top boost pretty dirty.I was worried at first that 15 watts wouldn't be enough, but fear not, this amp is LOUD... maybe too loud as I'm just a hobbyist that plays in the bedroom, but that's not a bad thing. It totally blows away my 100 watt Marshall solid state and I haven't put the volume much past 8 O'clock for fear that my wife may beat me to death if I do.While there is no effects loop, it takes pedals well, but for distorted tones, I've found myself just plugging straight in just to get the unadulterated tube crunch, which I've come to love so much. As stated above, the lack of a foot switch to change between clean and dirty tones will have to be solved by either running a dirt box in front of the amp, or as previously stated, running one channel clean and one channel dirty and us an A/B switch to go between them. As far as other effects, I really like what it does to my TC Electronic Flashback Delay and Corona Chorus. Note that there is a foot switch jack in the back panel, but it controls the on/off for the built in tremolo and reverb, but it's sadly not included with the amp.For my first tube amp, I don't think I could have done much better; I love the tone that I can get, the tube warmth is just sooo much more soulful than the sterile sound from a solid state amp, it's feature rich, and takes pedals well. The other two amps that I was considering were a little less expensive, and while I really feel that the VOX is just a better all around amp, I don't think you can go wrong with any one of the three.The weight (about 50 lbs), and the lack of an included foot switch are really the only two cons that I can think of. While I would have picked up all three of the amps that I was looking at if I had the means, I would not hesitate to recommend this amp to anyone looking for their first or next tube amp. overallrating 5   lineend
name auyanetjl review This is an amazing amp. It works great, a lot of power, a little bit heavy for it's size but it is simply a beauty. I play a godin a6 ultra and the The sound of this amp is so clean that i can play my acoustic and my electric trough this amp and both sounds perfect. Even the acoustic sound is majestic. this amp adapts to any need you have, from the cleanest sound to the heaviest distorted sound. overallrating 5   lineend
name Carver review  I've had this for about 3 years and I agree with every one here that this is a fantastic amp at a good price point.  It's a wonderful sounding amp and gives you good chimey cleans and lush distorted breakup.  It only gets better as the speaker breaks in so make sure you put lots of hours on it initially and you will be rewarded.  If it was between this an a Blues Jr. which are similarly powered and priced I'd opt for this in a second.  I think the AC15C1 is actually a better blues amp.(Opinions vary of course)I only have a couple is \"wishes\" as they're not really gripes.  One is the stock reverb.  It's really overboard in a way that I didn't find musical.  I ordered a new tank and now it's great.  I hope Vox changed this out because I found anything over 2 on the stock tank way too much.  Second would be an FX loop.  Not a deal breaker as the amp takes pedals well but it would a good feature as wold be channel switching built in.  Third and last I wish it came with a footswitch to turn the Trem and Verb on/off and switch between the top boost and normal channels.  I know you can get it aftermarket but it would have been nice.  Probably one of the reasons it's so affordable.And speaking of foot switches do yourself a favor and get an a/b/y switch for this.  It allows you to switch between the top boost/normal channels and also allows you to run through both channels at the same time and let me tell you there are some really sweet tones when you run both channels at once.  I've gone through a fair amount of gear in my time but don't see getting rid of this.  It's such a fun little amp that it's nice to have around even if it were not my main go-to amp.  It's certainly loud enough for small venues and jamming with a controlled drummer but it's not going to shake the paint off the walls like an AC30.  Highly recommended. overallrating 4   lineend
name RobE review At the $600 price point for an all tube amp PLUS reverb and tremelo (well, there are two pedals I won't have to buy) this is insane. It is not only REALLY loud, but you can do anything from jangly pop to Pink Floyd to hard rock (high gain modern metal heads, though, might want to look at ENGL). I dialed in a Richie Blackmore tone the other day and just started blasting away.It's also a hefty beast and should stand up to sustained use.The only thing that was a drag about it was that the footswitch, which controls the reverb and tremolo, is sold separately (at about $40 street) and everybody was out. I managed to snag one, but it involved a bit of luck. They should be restocking stores in a couple of weeks. overallrating 5   lineend
name StratDude review I play in our band at church and as such, I've been wanting a Vox AC15 for quite some time.  For those of you who do not play contemporary Christian music and are wondering what the heck I'm talking about, let's just say that it's an unwritten requirement that if you do play that kind of music, you must utilize a Vox tone.  Because of U2.  I know this is sounding weirder by the second but just take my word for it.Anyway, for the past few years I've been utilizing a Line 6 Floor POD Plus to achieve this tone.  I've been using the \"Class A\" sound, which is close, and quite useable, but for some reason it sounds mushy on the low strings of a strat and I've never found a way around that.  I just sort of dealt with it.  Then came Father's Day of this year when my wife surprised me with a used Vox AC15C1 and I love everything about it.  Doing a little research, it seems that its predecessor (AC15CC1) was decent but there were certain things about it that sucked until mods were performed by the owners.  Well, the AC15C1 implements those popular mods and what you end up with is an amp that's awesome right out of the box.  I've seen some people complain about the fact that it's a PCB inside and not hand-wired, and that it's made in China.  So what.  It sounds very nice, especially for the low price.The amp's overdrive is very rich, with lots of harmonic overtones the higher you crank the master volume.  I cranked it to 10 in my living room and was quire loud for a 15W amp, but not window-shattering loud.  In a church setting this is obviously not an option.  Fortunately, you can lower the master volume and the amplifier still retains much of that glassy Vox tone, just at a more manageable level.  You need to purchase an optional foot switch to toggle between the \"Top Boost\" and \"Normal\" channels.  I've opted to just use the \"Normal\" channel and push it with a Joyo Ultimate Drive pedal, which by the way, is the most impressive $40 overdrive pedal you'll ever hear.  That overdrive does not interfere with the Vox tone at all.  I used it this morning with a stratocaster loaded with DiMarzio HS series pickups and the Joyo pedal pushing the amp, and it was classic Vox chime all the way.  I also used a Boss DD-5 delay (also required if you play in a Christian band - same reason as the other thing I mentioned...)  Pure tone heaven.Some have noted noise or \"hiss\" problems with this amp, which were usually solved by installing a better set of preamp tubes.  Mine did not have this problem.  Actually, I thought it did, and I was certainly getting a loud hiss out of it for a while before I realized that it was the way I had the amp set up:  As I stated earlier, this is a 2-channel amp (Normal and Top Boost), but which one you're using is determined by which input you plug your guitar into.  I was plugged into the Normal channel, and didn't realize that the Top Boost volume was dimed and that's where the hiss was coming from.  I just shut that volume completely off since I was not using the Top Boost channel anyway.  Problem solved.I'm amazed at how such an affordable amp can sound so nice.  I've owned Marshalls, MESA/Boogies, a Laney, a Music Man, and other oddball tube amps over the years, some costing several times the cost of the Vox AC15C1 and the Vox can hold its own with those others.  Think of it as an affordable \"boutique amp\".  If you can pick one up used like I did, all the better.  Interestingly enough, this amp was advertized as a used Vox AC15 with no indication of whether it was a C1 or a CC1.  Fortunately it was a C1.  It's a value at full price also.  Get one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald Cross review Works great for what it is designed for overallrating 4   lineend
name LJS review This is a very high quality strap. The supple leather is excellent as is the workmanship.However, I don't like the plastic end pieces. They are large and -- well -- plastic. So I'm sending it back.I'm going to go with an inexpensive nylon strapProtec Guitar Strap with Leather Ends and Pick Pocket, Blackand straplocksSchaller Security Locks - Nickelfor about the same price.This is mainly a matter of personal preference. If you don't mind the plastic end pieces, this is a beautiful strap. overallrating 3   lineend
name Skippy review I'm a beginning player so I'm trying to make things as simple as possible starting out.  I was looking for an easy way to get my strap on and off my acoustic, and really didn't want to mess around with changing out the hardware to mount straplocks.  This strap performs exactly the same function without having to do anything additional to my guitar.  The ratcheting heads are kind of wide and my top button is fairly close to the neck so at first it was a really tight squeeze, but a little customization of the strap head with a file and some sandpaper solved that issue.The locking mechanism works by way of a keyhole that rotates closed with a ratchet gear to lock the strap head to the button. To attach, put the keyhole over the button and rotate it closed.  Your strap is now locked in place. To remove it, hold the release lever and rotate the keyhole back to its fully opened position.  That's it.  Really, it's that simple.I'm a taller guy (6'3&#34;) and after adjustment there is plenty of strap to spare should I need it longer at some point. The leather feels robust, and it was pretty soft and comfortable right out of the box.  Can't wait to see how it does after it breaks in. This was a great choice and I couldn't be happier. overallrating 5   lineend
name SuperGlide review This strap is perfect!  It locks on your pins, no worry about sudden disconnects and is comfortable (it's not padded).  Highly recommend! overallrating 5   lineend
name Tabasco24 review  I can see this strap lasting a long time. I love how I don't need new strap buttons, considering that the screws may be smaller than the original strap button screws (which facilitates the strap button falling out and your guitar smacks the limestone floor!).You can lock each strap button with one hand- great product! overallrating 5   lineend
name bluezman714 review In October 2009 I ordered a custom Strat and a Bass and the Custom Strat came with these strings. I recommend going with these. The bullet style makes its easier to install. You know what I mean if you are a professional. overallrating 5   lineend
name BRIAN HICKS review For a Fender guitar bullets are the best choice for tone and longevity of strings. They seat snug and enhances sustain. Quality can be found behind the Fender name. overallrating 5   lineend
name Carlo Verdi review These original bullets are great for my Strat. They are made specifically for the Fender tremolo bridge and fit perfect. The strings sound great and hold up to the &#34;whammy&#34; just fine. Sound great and look great. overallrating 5   lineend
name DELOS DUNN review No string expert here but these work great,  they stay in tune like I can't even believe,  actually thought someone was tuning my guitar it stays in tune so long. overallrating 5   lineend
name Igor B. review Fender Accessories 073-3150-406 Pure Nickel Electric Guitar Strings, Custom are very good!I got it for my Strat guitar and they sound much better then Ernie Ball or D'Addario (at least on my taste).Recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jorge Barbarosa review  These strings are nickel which greatly reduces fret and saddle wear and they sound good.  If you are using stainless steel strings you are wearing those two critical guitar components down and they will eventually have to be replaced.  Saddles are easy to replace fret wire can be costly as that type of work is best left to the experts which with it comes an added cost to the player.\\So I (and many others) play nickel.Bullet end?  If you are playing a Stratocaster with a tremolo bridge the bullets are designed to fit into the string receivers in the trem block and in effect add more mass to the tremolo block which adds and aids the transfer of tone to the guitar as a whole.Those two beneficial features alone convinced me to give these an honest try and over time (I've been using these for years) have proven to me to be the optimal string for the Stratocaster.These are durable.  Do they last?  Well, yes they do.  I rotate guitars on the gigs so I would say that if I was using the strat exclusively and playing it as much as I do through the week - I end up changing them out every 2 to 3 weeks and I'm playing 4 nights per week not including rehearsal or noodling around and I put them through a rigorous workout.What would that equate to  in hours?  Hmmm...  60 to 80 hours perhaps, maybe a bit more.  Add to that sweat, natural oils, oxidation, and that I don't use cleaners or chems on the strings, although I do wipe them down after a playing with a dry shop towel. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mauro R.. review ... might be my abusive bends though ;-)  I'll try a ticker gauge next time.Other than that, great strings. overallrating 4   lineend
name TIMOTHY A. BILLINGSLEY review  If you have a trem system on your guitar - these 'bullet' ends really do transfer tone energy through the trem block for sustain. I added a big block and these strings and it has really brought my strat to life. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name WBowie review These are the same strings I paid much more for in my store. The are the same as came on my Guitar. Work and sound great. overallrating 5   lineend
name AT review The jam man solo is an AMAZING pedal. Yes it is a looper and an amazing one at that. The one thing that i thought was so awesome was that after you have played something you can save it to the pedal. It is a very handy tool. Another thing that is awesome is the pedals ability insert drum beats. If would %100 recommend this pedal to anyone. It is a looper that will loop all day and does way more than just loop. What more could you possibly ask for?? overallrating 5   lineend
name BJC review the product is great. a lot of nice features. i am running it through a little Cube amp to practice withand it is not the kind of amp you want to use. best results are going to be with an amp that allows you toloop through another available channel and bypass any effects you have on the amp like distortion. if you havethe amp overdriven, then the loop comes out that way too, and the byproduct of that as well on a smaller less capableamp is noise cancellation.Trying to solo over a rhythm part for instance cancels out the signal being sent from the pedal through the speakerand clobbers what you're trying to play over.Great pedal, but have a good amp with multiple inputs to put it through. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bookenator review A looper pedal has been on my list of things I'd like to get some day for a long long time. Why I waited so long to get one, I can't say. All I can say is how glad I am not only that I finally got one but that I got this one. It is fantastic. Here's why.First, ease of use. I really thought I'd be slowly working my way through a long manual, then slowly figuring out how to use the pedal. On the contrary, I got this out of the box, plugged it in, and was recording my first loops in a matter of minutes. The instructions a brief, clear, and walk you through the steps. This manual wins on brevity and clarity in the great manual wars. As I delved deeper into the options I was able to quickly figure out how to do everything I wanted to do.Second, user interface. It's a pedal. It's got knobs and buttons. This makes me very happy. It's well laid out and easy to get to all the settings. Once you've got it up and running, I strongly recommend setting it up so you can set a rhythm on a new loop by tapping the pedal. The work flow with this thing is just very logical and simple.Third, features. It has built in drum beats that are simple but sound better than just a metronome and help you get in the mood to jam out your loops. The beat is like a guide track, not recorded into the loop.Fourth, plays nice with computers. There's a usb port and you can connect this to the computer with a standard cable (not included) and copy your loops to the free downloadable loop library software. There you can make some basic adjustments to them and organize them.Fifth, comes with an AC adapter. It actually has to since it does not run on batteries, but still, I was happy to see it in the box.Sixth, you can add an SD card (not included) to expand the memory substantially.All of which gives you some specifics but misses the overall experience. The experience for me has been pure jamming joy. I hear a song in my head, and very quickly have the basic concept captured as a loop. You can plug your electric guitar or a mic into the input, so you can capture anything you want.For the price this is a wonderful piece of gear, and my only regret is not having bought one sooner. I'm having so much fun with it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hambone73 review Just wanted to say that they pack a lot into this pedal. I practice more now in the past 2 months than I have in the past two years. I highly recommend it if you are looking to spruce up your song writing skills and most of all your soloing skills. We got a good deal too. Amazon rocks! overallrating 5   lineend
name Home in NJ review I would give this 5 stars for the way it works but a 49 page instruction book to utilize all it potential is a bit much. Something simpler would suffice. Really just wanted to record a rhythm track and play lead over it. If you don't mind spending the time to learn all it's capabilities it's great. overallrating 3   lineend
name Jared Jennings review sing that in a drivin and cryin 90s alt rock way. why? cause that's what this bad boy (or girl to be pc) does. It is instant ideas. The thing that makes this so simple and effective is you can simply record a riff (or melody/top part), then create around it, loop by loop, or just one idea with another on top. As simple as this sounds, otherwise, you would have to record a track, then play over that, taking time and killing inspiration in the process.There are others on the market, to be sure. I had the boss looper with 2 pedals, and it was noisy on playback. That was years ago, and I couldn't get rid of it fast enough! I've used delay pedals my whole life, and being a fan of shoegaze/dream pop, I have always had a love of layered guitars/loops, a la the church or the chameleons, or chapterhouse, lush, house of love, and stuff.I looked on youtube and read reviews for a while before my purchase, as I don't have money to waste. This seemed to be the best choice for me. The use of this live, especially without the footswitch (sold seperately), would be tough to be sure. There are some stop and start moments, as to be the case with loopers. The only one I've seen that seems seamless is the boss one or roland one with like 5 pedals and is like 700 bucks maybe more. There are demos of a guy looping himself with different instruments all running into it. For the price, it should be and is great.This little wonder though, is fantastic. The price can't be beat, and it doesn't suck up tone as some of the other ones do from what I've read. The thing I would say is, it's best for recording, and to use as an audio notepad in a way. You can use saved loops in songs, but since they are already formed, so it's silly to start a song with 5 guitars in a dense dance!my last thought on this, this is a secret, come closer......closer now...come on I won't bite..........A VOLUME PEDAL! that way you can layer with different adjusted levels and not bending down and fixing levels and such. sounds simple, but you'll see. I am going to look for a decent one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kevin Messerschmidt review  This is a great pedal. I bought the extra footswitch to go with it, it makes it alot easier to operate. Does all I need it to do. Wish it were stereo. Stores 99 loops, doubt I'd ever in my lifetime need that many. I haven't tried the computer interface yet. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mark Showalter review s that suggest getting the footswitch, it does help avoid having to spend a lot of time bent over & fiddling with the small knobs. ( Update ) The software works well & is very useful. It loaded right up with no problem. Memorizing the instructions will be a lot easier once I start using the pedal more often. That's the only problem with so many features squeezed into a small pedal. More than worth it though. overallrating 5   lineend
name Nathan V review Very fun to use.Comes with a power supply.Very easy to control.I enjoy using this to play alone - It is easy to lay down a rhythm and then play over it.It can be used for drum tracks or to practice a section of a song that you want to repeat. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick H review I just got this thing and have only learned the basics of looping (I've done two jams so far) but I can already tell it's an amazing tool for any serious guitarist. The reviewer Shawn in PA hit the nail on the head with his comment that he's \"playing guitar twice as much and getting twice as good\" - that's a great compliment on this pedal and I agree 100%.  What I especially like about this pedal is that it feels like it was the \"missing link\" in my collection of gear and brings it all together. I'm using my guitar, my mixer, my bass, my drum machine, my monitors whereas before just doing recording seemed like a bit of a chore - this thing really puts the FUN back in playing.  I think this is the one piece of equipment that will really bring out my creativity and I can't wait to see what I come up with, with my new \"band\" :-) overallrating 5   lineend
name Scott F. Lowry review I have used the Line 6 looper in the past -Line 6 JM4 Looper. The Line6 is basically the same as the electronics on the SpiderJam amplifier. It's a decent looper, but it's too big and I don't need all the guitar tones, backing tracks, etc., that go with it so I decided to look elsewhere.I wanted a looper that I could fit onto my pedal board that could provide some basic functionality (multiple channels, etc.) and this one fit the bill. You can adjust the loop volume, switch quickly between tracks, turn the background percussion down (or off), etc. I purchased the extra foot switch to have a little more control over switching tracks.The only fault that I've found thus far is that the foot switch cable that DigiTech includes with the switch has a straight input instead of a 90 degree. This is weird, as all pedals on a board need a 90 degree connection or the cable will be sticking into the next pedal. To solve this, I bought a Hosa 90 degree stereo connector (it has to be stereo) -HOSA RT. ANGL. STER. 1/4\" PHONE (F) - STEREO 1/4\" PHONE (M). I've added a photo of the JamMan on my board and you can find a full photo of the board if you look at thePedaltrain MINI With Soft Casephotos.One other great attribute of this pedal is it's built solid and is easy to stomp on (you don't have to have perfect aim, just good timing). There are a few strange nuances, though. For example, you have to step on the pedal twice and hold to clear the current track. This gets the track started before it clears it. Not good if you were using it in a performance. However, there are workarounds (like just switching tracks). Overall - great deal for the price and, if you are looking to improve your lead guitar/improv, I would certainly recommend a pedal like this one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bienbenido Rodriguez review This was a gift for a friend who is a fan of the Beatles. He was very happy with his gift. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian Mark review I got these for my dad for Christmas. He loved them all and won't quit playing with them. I figured he would put them into his collection of cool things he's amassed, but he uses them daily to play the Ibanez acoustic/electric I got him. overallrating 5   lineend
name David L. Bacon review What's not to like? 15 Beatles picks. A super cool little tin. Rocks my world and back to the garden! overallrating 5   lineend
name I.M. review  Not only are these great picks to look at they are great picks to use. I love the picks, the tin they come in and the ease of use. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jerry Cunningham review If you are a Beatle fan this is such a cute item. Was more than I expected for the price. Nice for collectable or to use. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Haller review  Planet Waves Signature guitar picks - always the best, always reliable. An excellent useful product that I not only use myself, but often give as gifts to other musicians. - Michael Haller, 'Captain Soul's Sound Circus' overallrating 5   lineend
name RB review I was very pleased when I got my Beatles Tin and Collector Picks. The service was good and prompt and the price was very reasonable. I was surprised at how cool both the Tin and the Picks were, they are a real talking point and a must have for Muso's who like individual items in their collection. Thanks again Cheers !!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick review  For whatever reason I excpected the tin to be a little larger then what it is.  I thought the size of an Altoid tin.  I was thinking I could not only store the fifteen Beatles picks, but also store my hundred other picks in the tin.It is very nice looking tin and the picks are cool,  well worth the just under $8 0 price tag. I may order another one with different print on the tin, but it is a small tin.  Just a little larger than a zippo lighter. overallrating 5   lineend
name steven review If your a Beatle fan or just someone who collects picks, This is the perfect item for you, Great graphics, I'm a guitar pick collector, And this is by far the best that i have, So if you don't have this Beatle set go and get it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gary Jennings review  I've been playing in bands since 1969 and have used every wireless ever invented and this beats them all, hands down! overallrating 5   lineend
name lfeez review So heres the thing that no one else wants to say. The thing is built like a piece of s   . It jingles and rattles and parts are always moving around. I used this 3 times and it shorted out. The lights started flashing and it got hot. I called line 6 and they determined it was bad so they opened a \"ticket\". FYI if you want to deal with the worst customer service in the industry just call line 6. Not only do they not know what they were talking about but in the backgrounc I could hear them lauging and joking like there was a big party going on. I wish I would have never bought this but hopefully I get  a new one soon. Well see how helpful they really are. overallrating 1   lineend
name Michael A. Rammel review  I have always loved line 6. This product sounded great for about an hour then total gave up. It went dead. I changed channels and it worked for like a minute then went dead. I am sorry to say that I returned it. My AKG wireless guitar bug has lasted years with no drop outs.I am really disappointed. overallrating 1   lineend
name saint Jimmy review I love the freedom the G30 gives me. I'm a real klutz with my cords...especially on the ML designed guitars. So I figured this product would actually end up saving me money over the longrun. The sound is a lot more, there. Between this & the Bill Lawrence humbuckers that the sound is unforgiving and those mistakes will come through real clear...making you work on your technique and become a better player.I took off a star because I don't like the prospect of being a slave to Duracell. I am hoping that rechargeable batteries will be good enough for my needs and I'll give it 5 stars.Side-Note: the 2 foot cord they provide was junk for me. I suggest ordering some better ones. overallrating 4   lineend
name Texas Buyer review I actually purchased this item refurbished on eBay.It is out there for $230 to $299.No buzzing and crackling and NO MORE WIRES!No more shorts in the cables, or stepping over cords.Finally, the technology is here for inexpensive wireless.The Relay G30 has perfect frequency response because it is in the 2.4GHz band like a wireless WiFi router or cordless phone.All the soft clipping is there for every nuance.In fact I don't hear any interference at all even with a single coil.Some feedback is good, but not that screaming feedback loop from cables missing their grounds.I play directly into a Line 6 POD and can piggy back Wah pedals and other effects with the Relay G30 on front. It is just like having an adjustable length guitar cable.This is a professional wireless system.Best purchase I've made this year.You won't be disappointed; it is worth the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrew M. Ward review  The MXR CSP202 or Dunlop Custom Comp is exactly what I'd been searching for...For years I played with only a crybaby and a phase 45 on the floor and everything else in a rack system. The rack systems had amazing studio quality compression and big complex delay boards, blah blah blah... but these days everything I have sits on a Furman SPB-8C Pedal Board (Highly recommended) and so I've been quietly searching for a serviceable foot pedal compressor, and that is harder to find than I had previously imagined... apparently they aren't easy to make..? I've been through 4 (coun't 'em four) foot pedal compressors and wasn't at all happy... an engineer mixer buddy said go try this pedal MXR CSP202 - so I did - and it's perfect...Benefits:1) It's easy to match your output gain on the pedal - so when you step on it - the pedal activates quality compression and NOT output volume suppression2) It's easy to understand right away - 3 seconds of looking at the pedal and you're done - 3 minutes of fooling around with it and you get it3) It's quiet but very effective and professional sounding4) It's solid and works exactly like very expensive rack compressionNegatives:1) It's expensive considering there are compression pedals for 1/2 this price2) It's got the 9 volt power supply connector on the wrong side of the input quarter inch jackOver all the thing is a Home Run - you can work around he poorly located 9 volt connection - you can wait a few weeks and save a few more dollars if you need to, but you can't fix a bad compression pedal if you buy the wrong one... I highly recommend this pedal, after a long process of searching and being disappointed I'm glad I found this pedal overallrating 5   lineend
name C. L. Wheeler review  Wanted a good compressor on the front of my signal chain for a pedalboard setup for electric guitar and this pedal is working great for my purposes at a good price. Have it set for a little compression to smooth out and add some sustain to the signal before going into anything else and never turn it off. overallrating 5   lineend
name James Moulton review After trying about every comp out there for years, I came across this, I have a Wampler Ego Compressor too, it is the same quality as the Ego Compressor.Better than the Script Reissue, it was too noisey for me. overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review Compression is possibly one of the most misunderstood pedal (or rack) effects for guitar players, but I can say confidently that the MXR Custom Comp gets it right, and makes it easy.WHAT IT DOES - First, a quick word about compression.  The easiest way to describe compression is that smooths and sustains the level and intensity of your guitar's pure tone.  When you play an uncompressed guitar signal, you can experience annoying volume swells if you strum too aggressively.  On the other side of the problem, you may want to use strummed chords or arpeggiated sequences for a continuous \"ringing\" effect, but find that the individual notes die out too soon.  A quality compressor pedal takes those extremes and normalizes them.  It also can \"sustain\" the notes by boosting the levels of individual chords or notes when they would otherwise fade away, depending on the settings.BUILD QUALITY - If there are complaints to be had about the MXR Custom Comp, they aren't related to durability.  MXR pedals, like BOSS pedals, are built with heavy-duty metal, yet the pedal is surprisingly light with the battery removed.  Unlike BOSS pedals, the switch is in the form of a metal button that \"clicks\" when you press it.  My understanding from veteran MXR users is that the switch is very reliable and long-lasting.  In my case, however, I intend on having the thing on all the time, so this is not a major concern anyway.One gripe with the pedal is the accessibility of the battery and internal \"Attack\" control.  The pedal has knobs for Output (volume) and Sensitivity (basically, amount of compression).  The \"Attack\" knob, which is found on some rival compressors, has to do with the degree of \"pick attack\" sound you want when you first hit the note, and whether the sound comes on aggressiveness or more subtly.  But on the MXR Custom Comp, you need to remove the back plate (4 Phillips screws) and adjust the Attack know with a screwdriver.  You also need to remove the back plate to get to the battery, though I've switched to a power adapter/daisy chain (OneSpot) for my pedals anyway.  So, yes, it's an inconvenience, but with this type of effect, it's not like you would want to adjust the Attack the way you would mess with Tone or Gain on a distortion pedal.  I consider this also to be a non-issue.TONE/SOUND QUALITY - The sound quality of this effect is outstanding.  It is far more \"transparent\" than other pedals I've tried in terms of retaining the tonal characteristics of my guitar, but leveling everything out for a great \"finishing touch\".  Whereas I used to think of compression as an \"effect\" I would turn on for a specific type of tone, I could envision always leaving this effect on with the MXR Custom Comp.  It simply makes my underlying clean tone and other effects more manageable and better sounding.COMPARISON TO OTHER PEDALS - The toughest question to ask about the MXR Custom Comp is whether it is worth the extra money.  The top-end professional compressors (Keeley pedals, rack units, etc.) are usually north of $200, which isn't practical for a casual player.  Boss makes the CS-3 Compression Sustainer, which is the pedal I traded in for the Custom Comp.  The CS-3 is more affordable (about $50 to $75 new) and more customizable, with 4 knobs on the exterior of the pedal, adding \"Attack\" and \"Sustain\".  It definitely does the job in terms of adding sustain, and might make sense if you only want to play around with compression from time to time.  But much like with MXR's entry level compressor (The Dyna Comp in the red casing), it simply isn't up to the quality of this pedal.ADVICE - While compression doesn't \"color\" your guitar tone the way a distortion pedal does, it's arguably as important to your overall tone quality as any other pedal.  If you're interested in compression and want the best option at an affordable price, I recommend the Custom Comp at $100 or less on Amazon, or used on eBay, where I've seen it go for about $70 to $85.  It may not be \"necessary\" for everyone, but very few people who try it will come away disappointed.  Turn it on, play with the settings for a minute or two, and then leave it on and strum away. overallrating 5   lineend
name Violet Deliriums review When I do my reviews, I consider how well does the stompbox do what it does versus the price. I give the MXR Custom Comp five stars because, while it sounds nowhere near as good nor is as easy to use as a Keely, you will pay substantially less. On the other hand, it sounds better than a Boss CS-3 and is more versatile than an MXR Dyna Comp. It is also cheaper than the MXR 76 Vintage Compressor (which has no LED or AC adaptor). So, I think that the MXR Custom Comp is worth considering when shopping for a compressor. You should watch demos on YouTube and many stores sell MXR so you can try one out. If you want an inexpensive compressor with LED, AC adaptor, and a versatile sound palette, then the MXR Custom Comp is pretty good.Anyone who argues that compression does not change your tone has not fully explored the potential of a compressor. If you would like some evidence, consider a song like The Fixx \"One Thing Leads to Another\" which was created in part by cranking a compressor up. The manual gives three settings you might try--\"Chicken Pickin',\" \"New Wave Reggae,\" and \"Chime Bloom\"--each of which sounds different. The MXR Custom Comp can also give you volume boost if you wish to use it for that function, and I think it does so wayyyyy better than the Boss CS-3 (which seems more apt at volume drop, you have to crank it all the way to get a boost).One problem with this compressor is that there are four control knobs, two on the exterior (Output & Sensitivity) and two in the interior (Attack & Trim). In order to set it as the manual suggests, you will have to open up the case with a screwdriver and turn the two dials inside the box. Because of that, I just set it on \"New Wave Reggae\" (for 80s sounds, funk, etc.) and manipulate the external controls as needed. If I was playing country, I would simply switch it to \"Chicken Pickin'\" and leave it. If you are playing multiple styles, I would seek a different compressor like a 4-knob Keely.A second problem with the MXR Custom Comp is noise. If you crank the Output up, it creates a buzz (in my rig) that can be taken care of with a noise gate. The Dyna Comp does the same thing, but I did not hear that as much on the Keely or Boss CS-3.I find that leaving the compressor on all the time sharpens my tone without taking it over, but at the same time I can easily vary the Sensitivity to get different tone/sustain. It can give an awful lot of bell-like sustain on clean sounds and works great with a chorus pedal.BOTTOM LINE:(1) Nice compressor for the price, especially if you want versatile sound palette, good volume boost(2) Hard to work with due to interior controls (dumb!)(3) Generates noisy signal when cranked(4) Gives sound like MXR 76 Vintage Comp with less cost, plus on/off LED & AC adaptor at cheaper price(5) Good compressor in its price range (Keely is far superior in sound but you pay for it!)(6) OK paint job, doesn't really catch my eye overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrew M. Ward review   of this pedal you'll see why)The MXR Micro Flanger = Easy, sounds amazing, never have to bend over and fiddle with it, does Jet airplane to subtle wavesThe MXR Micro Chours = Easy soft sounding with good chime - never have to bend over and fiddle with it - simple foot controlAnd the old standard (Ive had this since the 1980's) the MXR Phase 45 - simply the best phase pedal ever made - and I've tried them all overallrating 5   lineend
name Ian Shillington review  I've been using MXR Micro Chorus for over 30+ years.  They just don't get any better than MXR.  Might be a little old fashioned, but . . . You get what you pay for.  And the sound . . . Wellllllllllll, just give it a try.  You'll love it.  Best, Doc overallrating 5   lineend
name Joel Linarez review Excellent pedal, I love this chorus... It is perfect to me...the effect is really great... MXR has a very good quality overallrating 5   lineend
name Karl Brody review  Well worth the [...] bucks i paid. Analog with true bypass. Easy to use with one knob. And has nice high quality chorus effect. MXR built like a tank. Works with my Boss DS1 AC adapter too. overallrating 5   lineend
name mando2112 review Very nice tone and effect for a one knob pedal. If all you need is a simple chorus effect this will satisfy. overallrating 4   lineend
name Michelle A. Puziss review This is a super easy to use pedal. You just choose the speed of the chorus effect and the rest of the parameters are preset. Don't worry they sound great for that classic chorus sound. If you really want to be able to tweak everything, then get the MXR Analog chorus instead. It has about six knobs. I like the ease of use on this one, and I omly use chorus sparingly. Another cool feature of MXR pedals is the rubber knob cover that comes with it. It allows you to adjust the chorus rate with your foot. overallrating 5   lineend
name Raul Diaz Pea review I was very excited to try this pedal when it finally arrived. Just to find out it WASN'T WORKING!!! it is defective, and because i brought it to Mexico, now i can't get a refund or a replacement.I will try to fix it through some local electrician or something. Very dissapointing! overallrating 1   lineend
name Rick review This is a simple analog chorus.  Its straight forward and perfect for any board, and guitarist, that needs a little chorus from time to time, like myself. overallrating 5   lineend
name chris review This is the Godzilla of volume pedals. It is a beautiful, massive, piece of metallic magic that appears to have no loss of tone as I run signal through it. It appears to be indestructible. I like that it has a &#34;tuner output&#34; and that the stiffness of the pedal action can be adjusted with a large slotted screwdriver. When a friend offered to sell his for $30 bucks I bought it without hesitation. I now have one in the front of my system and the second is placed farther down right after my Ditto looper so I can fade it out. Volume swells can be done from either pedal with slightly different results. If you need &#34;light&#34;, maybe keep looking. If you don't mind the heft, you will be pleased. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael W. review I like this volume pedal because you can beat on it and drop it and kick it and misuse the hell out of it and it still works. Why that's overly important in a volume pedal I'm not sure but this one is built like a tank and can stand the beating of regular gigging. It takes up a huge footprint on a board so I generally run it at the end of the chain and to the side but the large footprint allows for getting your whole shoe/boot on the thing and that is comforting while playing. Overall the pedal has a good throw or travel to it and doesn't suck the tone like other volume pedals. Good buy- overallrating 5   lineend
name Michelle A. Puziss review It works ok if you are used to using  a volume pedal. I had a hard time making small volume changes while singing. I decided to return it. It is well made, so if you like volume pedals, it's probably one of the best. I have also owned the Moreley Lil Alligator volume pedal. It has a mimimum volume knob which allows more subtle changes between rhythm and lead volumes. The Dunlop does not have that feature. overallrating 3   lineend
name M. Lehr review  I bought this pedal, tried it out and returned it.  On the plus side, it is quiet, sturdy, has a reasonable footprint, does not suck tone, and it is passive.  But the feel was not quite right for me:  Even with the adjustable tension - I couldn't lock it in to where I wanted it.  I'm very used to the Ernie Ball pedals, and I also like the new Morley Volume Plus.But to be fair, pedal tension is a pretty personal factor, and this might easily be a 5 star product for you. overallrating 4   lineend
name StevenEddy review  Outside of a vintage Show Bud volume pedal - this is possibly the finest volume pedal on the market today.Very smooth and accurate - I like the feel of this unit - and the sound is transparent - I cannot tell if it is in or out of my signal path.I run this volume pedal AFTER my pedal board at this time - I have a dirty pedal, delay, chorus and tuner on the board at this time. But I am upgrading to a larger pedal board soon - and will place the volume after the dirty pedals and before the delay and chorus pedals at that time.The pedal is heavy - sturdy - thick rubber pad on top - nice rubber the bottom that covers the entire underneath of the pedal.Built like a tank - brushed finish - connections on the front.It is very big - I wear an 11 1/2 shoe and it fits my foot very well - so this is not for a small pedal board.There is a tension adjustment on this unit so the end user can dial the feel of the pedal in to his or her liking.If you need a volume pedal just buy this one - you won't be sorry.                                          Just as a reference I have used an Ernie Ball - the one with the string - and the Morley volume pedal - this Dunlop Volume pedal is finer than the other two - the fit, finish, sound, feel while using it, ease of use and build quality far exceed any other pedal on the market today. overallrating 5   lineend
name grandpa review  I bought this USA Fender product to replace an imported piece of junk. Imports often have threads other than 1/4 inch SAE. It fit perfectly on the jack socket threads. Quick install, works like a dream. overallrating 5   lineend
name Loren A Griffin review This was exactly what I was expecting.  Seems to be better quality than other cheaper products I researched.  I'd definitely recommend paying the little bit of extra money for a better quality Fender product like this over other generic output jacks. overallrating 5   lineend
name Luis Santana review Es el output original de fender.. que mas se puede decir.. producto de calidad.. me gusto! Saludos  a todos desde Venezuela!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Livote review  This is a genuine Fender Switchcraft brand input jack. It is a bit bigger width wise than the import copies, but that's an easy adaption if using a copy strat. It works perfectly. Great price from the seller as well. If you want a sturdy jack, this is as good as it gets. overallrating 5   lineend
name Nilram review Just good ol' genuine Fender parts. Nothing to complain about here. I'm a stickler for the OEM parts so I typically by only Fender stuff. overallrating 5   lineend
name SILVERBACK review Spent next to nothing on this part, but it saved the day on a side project for a friend.  Thank God I buy spares. this simple and admittedly cheap little part enabled me to finish a project quickly. It doesn't get any more elemental, but I soldered it in and it's doing fine.  Not for real heavy usage anyway. overallrating 4   lineend
name Tachyon review Great product, with a little soldering knowledge (really basic in fact), you can fix that noisy jack in no time at all. Nice and snug with my American Stage Cables (D'Addario is great! Hey, R. Ford uses them).  Great price too, much less than what my local music shop asks for these. overallrating 5   lineend
name victormanuel3007 review Great output Jack, i love this one much more because is more durable. Works fine with any guitar. Try one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrew M. Ward review  This is an A+ pedalIt's small and fits on a complex pedal board nicely - it does one thing and it does that one thing perfectly...The MXR Micro Flanger works great with distortion or just turn down the effect level and speed up the rotation and it works beautifully on clean passagesIf you want a Flanger to do any more than that you're just goofing off - mostly I need a subtle wash for flanger work and the MXR Micro is perfect for that overallrating 5   lineend
name Bryan Croad review Simple and nails a lot of the sounds for a working musician.  Three big ones are the jet sound, choral/flange and leslie speaker! overallrating 5   lineend
name Carlo Verdi review First off the pedal is constructed of metal and feels really durable. Turning the knobs on the pedal reveals the the smooth and efficient quality of the pods. The pedal &#34;gets along&#34; fine with no interference with the other pedals on my board. The sound is exceptional and can be adjusted  within a wide range to one's liking. I can't say it's my favorite pedal, but it sure does play a nice role on my pedal board of various effects. overallrating 5   lineend
name chris review I am not a big user of flanger and my only comparison is with the flanger that is in the Boss ME 70 multi-effects pedal. This unit sounds good and is adjustable. It appears to give a few db boost whether or not you want it. There is no apparent degradation of signal when not in use. There is no &#34;subtle&#34; setting on the flanger, and so when it is on you know it. I think it is pretty cool and I mostly use it on my Fenders when I looking for heavy rock sound with overdrive.. overallrating 4   lineend
name Lou review awesome stuff just what i want it overallrating 5   lineend
name E. Guzman review I purchase this because my older springs wont return to it original place leaving my guitar tuning a half step up or down when using the whammy bar, This fender springs work excellent and fit perfectly on my Jackson dk2 ,  I'm using 3 springs right know and stay's in tune no matter the abuse.the only Con on this product is that they are noisy, is not that you will hear it in a rehearsal with a band or a concert but you definitely will hear them when you are alone practicing. overallrating 4   lineend
name Fernando Valenzuela review I ordered these because I wanted to deck the tremolo on my Strats because I don't really use the trem. I have a modern American Standard and an American Vintage Reissue Hot Rod 62 Strat. There are differences in the bridge and tremolo block but as far as I can tell the springs are the same other than the modern ones are black. My Standard now has 3 black and 2 silver springs but the 62 Hot Rod has 5 of the silver which are a perfect match for the ones that it came with. Easy to install and works like a charm. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jerry review I replaced the tremolo bridge assembly in my Indiana guitar, and what a difference!!!  The original equipment spring  tension was so stiff that the tremolo didn't even work.  Now it sounds great! overallrating 5   lineend
name Jon review I think a set of five is a bit overkill since i only needed three, but these are a direct replacement for the originals. overallrating 4   lineend
name JPfromOH review I purchased a set of Fender Vintage Tremelo Tension Springs in order to \"beef up\" the tremelo tension on an inexpensive Squier Jagmaster guitar that I recently purchased.  These springs clearly are better and more consistently made than the springs that came on the Jagmaster (the loop actually goes all the way around, which is not the case with the springs that came on the guitar) and it seems that they are of a higher tension. Highly recommended as replacement springs, or to supplement the three springs that come on less expensive guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name jr review At first I wanted to get these to replace the 3 cheap springs to came in my MIM Stratocaster for it was the last thing I needed to change to have a functional reliable floating tremolo. After installing these tremolo springs (which by the way have a nice flexible tension) I notice that my tone and sustain greatly improved. I did some research and found out there are other websites out there that sell vintage specs tremolo tension springs for like $20-$30 to enhance tone and sustain on Stratocasters! So at $8 this is definitely a WIN!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael A. Johnson review works great! pretty simply to swap out the old springs for the new ones, I'd say there was a slightly more smooth feel now when I use the whammy bar overallrating 5   lineend
name Salvatore Quaglieri review Good upgrade, Fender vintage springs. Use 5 of them (in my case) and they work well. I would recommend this. overallrating 5   lineend
name SILVERBACK review There's no substitute for the right part. These are great.  I like having extras around, just in case I rescue another orphaned guitar, to rebuild.  The springs are almost always missing. Cost less here, than at Guitar Center, so bada-bing! overallrating 4   lineend
name Tachyon review I purchased these to replace the springs on my USA Standard Stratocaster.  These hold a lot more tension than the modern style black springs.  Holds your Trem solidly in place and reduces travel during bends.  Using 10's on my Strat, 3 springs was sufficient, if you want to hard tail it, just drop all 5 in. Great product. overallrating 5   lineend
name TerranautX review  Fender springs. You'll need a pliers or needle nose to grab and stretch them to reach the hole. There's too much tension to do it with your fingers. My American Special Strat came with 3 springs and now has the five. I find it stays in tune like a &#34;instrument&#34; should now. overallrating 5   lineend
name Filipe N. Marques review  Got this to put into my Pseudo-caster project guitar. Love it! Be warned, it does NOT come with springs, claw or trem bar. If you order this, get the tremolo bar for the Mexican model. The threads are smaller on these.If you like to do &#34;dive bombs&#34;, you will need to grind a bevel on a small portion this massive sustain block. It will hit the back of the cavity before getting anywhere near absolute floppiness.Last important note... Make sure you measure your outer pivot screw distance. If it matches spec on this Trem, all the screw holes will match up. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gordy Styles review I gave this a 5 star for the simple fact that this tremolo has a bigger block for more sustain and a better all around intonation on any cheaply made guitar, I replaced this with the one that came on my squier affinity strat and let me just say the sustain and over all tone has been shaped on my guitar, it now stays in better tune and sounds amazing, I did also replace the tuners on my chinese made squier as well so that also helps with this tone, sustain and intonation and playing ability of the guitar overallrating 5   lineend
name Ima Fish review  This is intended to replace a MIM 6 screw Stratocaster bridge.  It only comes with the bridge, no body screws, no back springs, no arm... nothing.  That's why it's so inexpensive.  What you see in the picture is what you get.But that being said, it a great value if you want to spruce up your MIM Strat.  The block is HUGE compared to a standard MIM bridge.  It was incredibly easy to install.  And the sustain is improved.One tip which I forgot, do not tighten the 6 screws into the body all the way. The bridge has to be loose enough for the bridge to move like a hinge.  The springs in the back keep it back.  The string tension keeps it balanced in the front.  What I did was tighten the body screws all the way, and then loosened them one 1/4 turn back. overallrating 5   lineend
name jerkowitz review Very nice bridge. This was an OEM part so didn't come with screws, springs,claw, or tremolo bar, just the bridge itself. Not the best but for the price was a killer deal. The block is full size, probably zinc or some mystery metal, vintage bent saddles. Would be a good replacement for an older MIM Strat with the smaller block, or other Asian import, or just to replace one that's wore out. Like I stated it was dirt cheap and decent quality. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jerry review This bridge is heavily constructed, so the amplified sound is much more vibrant and alive.  It must weigh twice as much as the bridge from my old Indiana Custom S-Type Guitar.  I'm glad I replaced it.  Now I have a lot more guitar for my money.  I probably spent $200 total on my Fender bridge assembly, locking tuners, and Tex-Mex pickups, as well as the original $59 for my used guitar, and I would say I now have the functional equivalent of a $500 Fender Stratocaster, based on sound quality and ease of fingering.  This was time and money well spent. overallrating 5   lineend
name Delta Echo review Excellent replacement upgrade for the inexpensive but fantastic Squire Strat series.  This Bridge has more strength and solidness than the original.  Replace the Tremelo Arm with the one offered on Amazon as well.Key:  This bridge is slightly thicker/higher than the one it replaces on the Squire, so the back plate won't fit back on...something to mod if you need a backplate, but the difference in the quality make it worth the loss. overallrating 5   lineend
name John Barry review This comes COMPLETE with bridge, saddles and full size block... and it's FENDER! I don't think this is a true steel block. I believe it's Zinc Alloy but that's Fender's fault. The company I bought it from, Ant Hill Music via Amazon, is very honest and likable people. I have nothing but respect for them and bought two of these for Squiers. They made my cv50's sound fuller with greater sustain. I'm sure I'll buy more in the future.I should add it does not come with a whammy bar but your my old squier whammy bars fit perfectly into it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Jon review This is a cheap and easy upgrade!!!  At about 20 years old, my MIM Standard strats' hardware was starting to show her age.  Most of the screws and the bridge had some surface rust.  For about $40 bucks, I was able to replace all the screws, springs, bridge, neck plate.  This is stage one of my rebuild.  The tone block on the replacement bridge has about twice the mass as the original which increases the tonal quality 10 fold.  Don't forget the bridge screws as this bridge replacement does not come with them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Matt review Works for a cheap bridge on my cheap Stratocaster knock-off. Needed one that was better than the bridge that came with it, and this was a cheap, but not cheaply built option. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael A. Johnson review replaced my old bridge assembly with this new one and it really brought the strat back to life in terms of looks and feel. also this was priced right in my opinion.... overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard R. Casper review It's not an entire bridge assembly but it's exactly what I needed. In my opinion it is worth the money. overallrating 5   lineend
name SILVERBACK review You can mess around swapping parts, pickups, and capacitors.  But the biggest change I've experienced is with the tone block change. The Mexi Tremolo bolted right in to all my Strats and even my MIK Squier.  It went from thin and tinny, to being a real tone monster, with superb sustain.  The combination of the mass of the tone block, and flat steel saddles, has given me the exact sound i was looking for.  Couldn't be happier. overallrating 5   lineend
name Stinky K. review Yes, ever so slightly. Does it give you more sustain? None that I can really tell. People have been debating whether a steel, brass, or pot metal block makes a difference in tone and sustain. I think the main difference is the actual weight or mass. This is what is giving the deeper sound. The strings go over the bridge pieces and so I don't think material matters for the block much, if at all. I think it is about the actual mass. People who will say it makes a big difference are suffering from the placebo effect. Without debate, this will add weight to your guitar. I think for the price, it is worth upgrading the thin old style Mexican blocks. This is pot metal as well, which, again, is fine. The rest of the assembly is well made, as well, and seems just like the stock bridge you would find on a stock MIM strat. If you are thinking of going GFS blocks, this is cheaper, and will fit perfectly without you having the problems of not having holes line up etc., which is a common complaint and indicative of GFS's crummy products in general. I used the bridge pieces on one guitar and the block on another. overallrating 4   lineend
name airchamp review  The strings have a nice feel to them.Used the to replace factory strings on a recent guitar purchase.They improved the action considerably. overallrating 4   lineend
name bradley review good stuff overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Candy review These are great strings.  I thought the bullet end was BS hype, but I really think it makes the string stronger and the sound clearer. And even if that is my rusty ears lying to me, I can say with conviction that they definitely fit better with my G&L Legacy guitars - regular strings had the little extra wind from the ball end coming right up to the saddle in some cases - these solve that problem. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chava Perez review I use these strings for my Telecasters and I have to say the tone is wonderful, beside they last for weeks without turning a different color because of the use. Very bright and really convenient for the looks of the guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name CUSTOMER review With a twang twing twong nothing wrong... gotta love these strings that just wanna sing. overallrating 5   lineend
name David W review   on the 3250L's...I have now only had these on my American Stratocaster for two weeks.  I loved them so much at first that I ordered 5 other sets and restrung several of my other Strats and other guitars.BIG mistake.  Why am I so impatient?These were unbelievable right out of the box, bring my Strat to life, giving it an unbelievable feel and sound.But, with every positive, there's usually a negative....and wait for it.....wait for it...yup, there was.I changed pickguards only two weeks after installing this on my Strat and noticed all three smaller strings. G,B &E; were all flat on the fret side.  They were already worn out.  I suspected something as the sound had changed already too, becoming flat after only about a week.This is NOT mu only guitar, I now have 17 total and rotate playing so I bet I hadn't played the Strat for more than6 hours or so.Now, I'm so disappointed.  I'm going to step up to the 250's, then the 150 if I have to.  I love the sound but don't want to change strings every week.To make a long story short, I wouldn't buy these again unfortunately and the search goes on for the perfect set of strings. overallrating 3   lineend
name DELOS DUNN review These are great strings and were my favorite until I found Fender Pure Nickel strings.  Some may like the sound of these some may like the Pure Nickel overallrating 5   lineend
name Fernando Valenzuela review I've been a Fender player since I first picked up the guitar. I've used different strings from D'Darrio to Ernie Ball and now I always use Fender strings. For Stratocasters I always use Super Bullets and for Telecasters I use Super 250s. The only difference between the two is the bullet end vs a ball end on the 250s. The bullet end is designed to give you better tuning stability with the tremolo on a Strat. I don't use the tremolo very much so I don't know how critical it really is for me but since the super bullets cost the same as the super 250s I figure I might as well get the ones that are designed for the Strat. Also, these are the OEM strings that Fender installs at the factory so you can't go wrong with that. I highly recommend them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hitthespot review Having trouble with my usual D'Adderio strings I decided to go back to the a well known brand.  These are solid strings that never let me down.  They go in tune and stay in tune.  I just wish they had a little bit slinkier feel to them. overallrating 5   lineend
name John Barry review Great strings! Used them for years -- always loved them. Put them on an Eric Johnson strat. Wouldn't use anything low quality for that guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name JOHN review I have been buying this string for many years and will continue to do so john  View tips and guidelines | Headline & 20 more words required./// overallrating 5   lineend
name Legend review  I put these on my instruments with the confidence that they will sound as expected each time. Great strings and great value overallrating 5   lineend
name MAURICIO S TAVARES review Theses strings really have a good tone and tremolo stability greatly improves!!! The heavy bottons 32, 42 and 52 adds a BOOM in the tone. The others, 10, 13 and 17 are nicely and decent tone also. I don't rate it 5 stars for the lack of VCI. When i opened the pack there were no plastic anti corrosion protection. The high strings were plenty of flakes. If fender solved that it would be perfect. overallrating 4   lineend
name McEldoy review These seem to be quite well constructed electric guitar strings which I will appreciate for a long while.  Rock On! overallrating 4   lineend
name Mountain Biker review I had an issue with my new Squire Guitar, and Fender hooked me up with a set of these.  The String Ends have a Cylindrical or Bullet Shaped end, rather then the typical small loop.  The theory is that the larger bullet end makes better contact in the tremolo cavity.  I say they sound great and are worth trying.  I just order 3-packs so I can have some on hand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr.Malapropism review Thsese are the perfect size for my Jazzmaster.  Too bad the seem to get dirty so quickly.  Maybe my hands are just sweaty overallrating 4   lineend
name Otto review These strings sound super awesome! I'm not sure what the engineering specifics are, but if your looking for responsive, easy on the fingers strings with nice bendability and sustainability, these puppies won't let you down. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sherwin Rackal review the strings are very comfortable on the fingers and sound pretty good the bullet ends work well with the trem on my axe overallrating 5   lineend
name Vic review These were the strings I started on a year ago ,and have tried a few different brands in this time frame. They hold up IMO as well or better than most brands I've tried ,especially for the price. I probably change my strings more than necessary so I have gravitated to finding the lowest price strings of at least decent quality. These fit that requirement well. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Garza review  I ordered these for my son who is a whiz on the guitar. He uses them for both electric guitar and acoustic guitar. He swears by them and loves how they stay in his grip without slipping while picking and going nutso on his guitars! Buy them, you won't be sorry. Plus, wow its a great price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Anthony J. review I use these and the next heavier and have since they came out and the standard model before that. Great grip, slow wearing and they don't break. I've been playing since 1973 and switched to Dunlops way, way back and have never found another I prefered. So give them a try. overallrating 5   lineend
name ChevisN7 review This is my go to favorite pick especially for strumming. I Love the added level of control the grip surface gives me. overallrating 5   lineend
name cvmaparadog review Easy to hold onto. I'm a big fan of the Dunlop picks and these are great for playing live because you simply won't drop them. overallrating 4   lineend
name David Burch review These are a little \"flubby\ thick and soft, for my taste in guitar picks, but they mellow out the tinny sound of my mandolin beautifully. The textured grip surface is great. overallrating 4   lineend
name David T. review I have tried other picks like this that had points which wen't as confortable. This one is more confortable and has great grip. If you drop your picks a lot then this is a great pick to try out. overallrating 5   lineend
name DC review These things are so great! I get sweaty hands when playing so the slick celluloid picks were wanting to slide in and I'd have to keep dryin off my fingers and adjusting the pick. With these I can play anything without having to worry about the pick goin anywhere. The .88 thickness is also ideal for just about any sort of music since you can chug some heavy riffs and go up and shred without any hiccups. Very nice. One thing yo note is they like to cling to each other, so if youre using one of those little pick holders when you pull one out they all want to come with it. but not that big a deal. Definitely recommend these if you're sick of picks slipping out of your hands! overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald Cross review these come in multiple thickness and are great because of the thickness and the grip that is on the pick. makes it much easier to hold the pick as your hands get sweaty overallrating 5   lineend
name Fletcher Chambers Jr. review Picks are picks right? Select your material, select your weight, and you're done, right?No! these picks have this difficult to describe pattern molded into them... They &#34;grip&#34; your fingers... It's uncanny... They do not slip.I wouldn't touch anything but Fender mediums for years and years... Tried these on a whim... Not I have piles and piles of picks going unused... These are THAT good! overallrating 5   lineend
name Jim R. review  I pick a lot when I play the bass (fast, rock stuff) and these are perfect! They bend just the right amount so I don't make any loud plucking sounds while playing. They really grip too. Short of using superglue on your fingers, these definitely do what say they do! overallrating 5   lineend
name Jonah K review I have been playing music for years and often I lose my picks during a performance.  I took a chance on these picks a few years ago and since then not one have slipped through my fingers!  Best pick ever!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike C review I mostly play metal (7,6 string extended scale) and usually lean towards heavy duty picks such as Dava for riffs. But these picks are pretty amazing! The diamond-steel pattern creates a lot of grip and it is pretty hard to drop one of these, compared to a basic pick. This is a great product and would definitely recommend this to any level of player. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike N. review Not too hard, not too soft. My friend gave me this pick and i missed it after using .36mm. Everyone has their own preference and i just didn't like the feel of those. I bought this 12 pack and they... Are... AWESOME!! I lost like 3 already but hey, there's more. I use them for my electric and acoustic guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Minh Pham review I decided to try these because the &#34;normal&#34; picks I was using kept slipping out of my fingers. That was several months ago. I am still using these everyday. Pretty durable and reliable. I do recommend these. overallrating 4   lineend
name Psych PhD review  I was expecting these to be like other dunlop picks I've had in the past, but these are rather cheap-feeling. Dislike. overallrating 3   lineend
name Renbutsu review I purchased several thicknesses for my son so he can test them all to determine which ones he liked best.  These 1  are not the ones he likes.  I would not get these again in this size.  A little too stiff.  The quality of the picks and grip are great and that is why I rated 4 stars.  The stiffness is just due to preference.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help. overallrating 4   lineend
name Robert A. Gare review I started using these a few years ago.  Picks always slip out of my fingers and this rougher surface really helps. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. review I've always been partial to .88 picks.  I used the standard dunlop nylon for years.  The max grip just is very difficult to drop, effortless to hold on to.  Because it's so effortless to hold, I can focus my attention on other things. overallrating 5   lineend
name the blessed one review I use this pick for first time and it feels great and MAX GRIP for sure. Now I do not have to worry loosing pick and my mind while I'm leading and playing in worship. It feels little bit stiffer than regular .66mm nylon pick (I used to use this one) and I love feeling and sound when I play guitar! overallrating 5   lineend
name TonyTee review I've used these for years....acoustic and electric. Very hard to beat. I like the feel and texture of these &#34;pics&#34;. They do the job brilliantly. overallrating 4   lineend
name trebe review I normally use Dunlop&#8217;s 0.60mm nylon picks, but decided to give the 0.60mm Max-Grips a try, when the price dropped to $3 0 for a dozen.The top half of the Max-Grips have a special surface with tiny ridges, that gently bite into the skin to provide a nice secure grip.  The feeling is a little strange at first, but you should get used to it quickly.I like the feel and playability of the 0.60mm Max Grip&#8217;s, but they are little more flexible than I prefer, so if I were to get another set, I would get a thicker type, either0.73mmor0.88mm. overallrating 4   lineend
name Walter S. Early review  These picks do have a nice grip, but they deaden the sustain on the guitar considerably. They just aren't quite my cup of tea. overallrating 3   lineend
name bobby 12333 review Although this light is a little pricey in my opinion, it really gets the job done. I do like the fact that you can use batteries or a/cadapter to power the light. The nine led's really light up my music stand. The carrying case that comes with it is well made & makestransportation & keeping it stored easy.R. Joyner overallrating 5   lineend
name debi review That's why I got this...I needed light without the heat!  It works fine.  Just sorry it's a little pain to keep taking battery out if I want to use the AC connection.  Other than that, it's fine, and pretty well constructed.  Seems to take a few bangs without problems! overallrating 5   lineend
name Don Daze review I have used the Manhasset orchestra light, and this is definitely an improvement, it distributes a nice soft light evenly through the whole page, unlike the Manhasset light which tends to be rather uneven.  It illuminates my entire largeManhasset M54 Regal Conductor's Music Standquite well by itself.Having said that, for a 40 bucks light, it feels rather flimsy to me. In both construction and light brightness, it does not compare well with traditional clamp or desk lights, all of which are usually much cheaper (the issue being mainly the light switch, the jury is out about the clamp, though it seems strong). Of course, as an orchestra light, it couldn't be much brighter without defeating its intended purpose, I am just pointing out that I feel it isn't worth 40 dollars, when you consider the whole field of similar lights (those not intended for orchestra).I bought this because of reputation and reviews, but it should probably cost the same as its closest competitor, theRechargeable Music Stand LED Light Clip-on 9 LEDS with Adapter.  That one has the same negative issues as this light, but at a much more acceptable $18.99 plus free shipping.One more thing, you should ignore the \"Frequently Bought Together\" suggestion to get theMighty Bright 80910 Bright Light Cradlefor this light.  I bought it, and can confirm they are totally incompatible, and anyways, this light has a huge clamp which can be used to carefully balance the light on a desk without clamping, if desired. overallrating 3   lineend
name G. Thomas review  Nice bright light.  I have the might bright twin lights, and have used them for about 4 years. As with many things, I'm a little older now and need a little more light to read the sheet music.  This light comes in a very nice soft case (though they call it a bag) that holds everything. The switch is conveniently located on top of the light. The clamp is very well constructed and is less likely to move...unlike my twin lights. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jerry E. Semler review Let me start off saying that you cannot go wrong buying any of the series of Mighty Bright music stand lamps.  The Orchestra lamp in particular is a fantastic product.  It provides plenty of smooth, even light and is sleek in design.  And the carrying case makes it very portable.  Fits best on flat metal, and has a tight clamp.  I have a portable stand which does not have a flat metal base...so I used a sturdy piece of foam board to clamp to...works great.  The unit uses three AA batteries. I started off using 3  batteries and they do work but light drops off within about four hours.  I prefer to use the 13 foot adapter cord.  I am an older person who has old eyes. Sometimes lower C and lower A look alike.  Mighty Bright Orchestra Light to the rescue!  The clip is also much larger than the image would let you believe; however, the base is curved to allow your music to easily lay on top.Some comments have indicated that when plugging the AC adapter into the base apparently did not disconnect the batteries as expected. The unit I purchased does disconnect the batteries upon insertion of the power cord into the clip. To confirm this on your unit: (1) DISCONNECT the AC adapter from the wall and from the light, (2) load batteries into the clip, and turn on the light, finally (3) with the AC adapter STILL DISCONNECTED from the wall outlet, plug the cable into the base. The light should go out. If it doesn't, your unit is not isolating the batteries from the AC adapter, and may present a fire hazard if the batteries are installed when the AC adapter is plugged in. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Ray review I bought this because I had a gig in a dark bar.  I used this on my music stand on the lowest setting and it worked perfectly.  For some songs I have three sheet of paper (which overlapped about an inch) and the light covered all three pages easily with no dark spots.  I can't imagine in what situation I would ever need to use the brighter setting. I was thinking of getting the cheaper/smaller version, but didn't want to risk it not covering three pages. The gig bag is a square and softly padded. There is a lot of dead space in the bag and no support in those empty areas or the corners so I don't expect much protection for the light or adapter.  Treat the light like it has no bag and you'll be fine.  They include 3 batteries (I didn't see them until I pulled out the adapter for this review) to get you started using the light, but the adapter works well and has a very long cord so if you are using the adapter at a gig you shouldn't have to worry about it making it to your power supply. overallrating 4   lineend
name MildCritter review  I've owned a half-dozen LED music stand lights over the years. This one puts them all in the shade (pun intended; sorry).The 9-LED bar spreads the light well in a wide fan pattern. The light is concentrated in the desired area and doesn't spread everywhere like it does with incandescent lights. The little fin at the back of the light is very good in keeping it from being an annoyance to other musicians when it's pointed back at the music. The light is two-level: normal and BRIGHT! Normal is plenty good enough for shows in a darkened theater. The fact that the light is white rather than the yellow typical of stand-light bulbs is a definite plus. If you need to put a color filter over it, you don't have to worry about a hot bulb melting holes in the filter. The light spread is so smooth and consistent that I don't have to waste time maneuvering the heads to find the optimum light pattern like is necessary with two-head stand lights.The gooseneck is reasonably stiff and should hold up well. The included AC adapter has a much longer cord than typical for these lights. The included zipper case is fairly big and bulky, but will squash down as much as possible in an instrument case or bag. It has a pocket inside the upper part for batteries, a clip attachment for the light base and elastic holders for the top of the light, and a small pocket for the AC adapter. It's hard to fit the adapter cable back into the pocket, but there's plenty of room for it in the case. I don't know about battery life yet, but at least they include a pack with the light just like they included the AC adapter (usually an optional purchase).This light is a bit large compared to other LED stand lights, but it's so good that I don't really care. I've gotten years of service from Mighty Bright lights, and I expect the same from this. Even if this one doesn't last, I'll keep buying more. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard R review Excellent stand light. Provides a cool, bright, clean white light and will cover three or four pages.A  &#34;must-have&#34; if you play in pits or other dimly-lit venues.Get it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Colin Hendrick review Never used this seller or site for this purpose before. Sat and went through everything and chose these strap locks. They fit perfectly  and I have used them on Strat, and a Levinson Blade, not forgeting my Ibenez. Easy, on time delivery, no hassle with either the quality or service. This seller is worth supporting. Thanks!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Danny K. review A terribly easy install and good quality straplock.  I am pleased that they match my Telecaster.  Straplocks are a must for any electric guitar and these exceed that need. overallrating 5   lineend
name Katheryn Bowling review Nice straplock system! Very easy to install as compared to other systems. The system is a secure locking system. This is my favorite locking system I have in my arsenal. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kodack review Love these things.I feel a little guilty because I put a pair on my Epiphone Les Paul plus top. I also have them on my Fender Marauder and now I can easily swap straps between guitars and I'm secure in the knowledge it's not going to land on my foot.Yeah you could put one of those plastic Dunlop pick looking things on a regular strap to keep it in place but these look and feel so much cooler. They use a quick connect of the kind found in natural gas, and compressed air connectors. Pull up on the locking ring, slide it on and release. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lip Davis review I have been using strap locks of all types for years. This new Fender Straplocks make installing them on the strap easy. I'm impressed with them. You will be too. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark J review I bought these for my new Strat. They look great, they're easy to install, and they work very well.I like the release, it's performed by squeezing with your thumb over the \"F\" and with your finger on the the metal ring on the inside of the guitar strap. Hard to explain, but I prefer this to some of the pull-style strap locks I've seen in the past.The only down side is that they aren't as easy to install or uninstall from the strap as the locks that attach with a Hex-type nut. Make sure you have the strap set up at the correct length (for vintage-style leather straps) before you install the locks to avoid having to rework later. overallrating 5   lineend
name Minh Pham review My revised review (after about a year of use):The one thing I hated about these is that the screw that is suppose to hold the two pieces on the guitar strap together slowly backs its way out, so if you're not careful, your guitar will fall. It is now a habit of mine to tighten these two parts on the guitar strap, once every few days.My original review:Very easy to install; didn't require drilling. I have these installed on my stratocaster in minutes. Although it looks a little bit big and clunky, it's a small price to pay for stability. I probably will get another set, but may get the black ones instead of the silver because I think the black color may hide the \"clunkyness\" a little better. Overall, a very good product. overallrating 3   lineend
name MQ review One of the ball bearings designed to catch and lock the side mounted to the strap dislodged, and my very expensive Fender Custom Shop Telecaster fell flat on the ground. overallrating 1   lineend
name Peter Padro review The best look and performance on a Fender guitar.  I've used the Schaller & Fender pinch top and found these to be the best performing, easiest to use, and best looking.  It does have a larger profile, but I find it flattering to the fender guitar form.  Easy to install and have never failed me.  I like that there are three pins to ensure a proper grip rather than one pin holding in in a channel like the Schaller & its clones. Outside of security (which I find greater with 3 pins) it all boils down to personal preference when it comes to strap locks. overallrating 5   lineend
name Texman review These Fender Q/R knobs came in and looked Good on my Schecter.. I haven't had any Problems with them, They installed just Fine. I did have to put a Tooth pick in one of the Screw holes to tighten it up. overallrating 5   lineend
name TIMOTHY A. BILLINGSLEY review  everything on a fender should be fender parts - these hold as good as dunlops and are easier to get off with sweaty fingers. these give me more comfort because they are locked on solid and requires a push then pull to come off. I get furious when my guitar comes off the strap so this stopped it and kept the fender mojo going. overallrating 5   lineend
name WBowie review I gave this strap lock a 4 star only because it is too large for me and is not interchangeable with all of my Schaller locks. It is a great lock and works fine, but is not for me. overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  This is one beefy string winder.  There is really no comparison between this professional tool and those cheesy $2 toy string winders you find 100 to a bin at the accessories counter of your nameless local guitar superstore.Pros:- VERY sturdy- Rotates extremely smoothly- Well balanced- Fits every guitar tuning key I've tried- High-impact plastic body should withstand years (decades?) of abuse- Clandestine compartment in handle was a nice bonus -- for earplugs, extra end pins, whateverCons:- None whatsoever.Buy this immediately and save your wrists for more lucrative pursuits. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cyrus Cathey review  I am a bass player and most winders don't work very well with the large tuning keys.  This one works better than anyone I have tried.  None of them work as good as I would like.  Once you learn to loosen up on your grip you will get better results. overallrating 4   lineend
name Debon Panton review  This product does what it is designed to do, very very well. It is not used very often but when it is, it works beautifully. overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald E. Cooper review  I use it to wind my strings! I recommend for the use of stringing up your guitar easily and fast. Very easy to use! overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald review This is a great winder. Steel shaft will probably last.One of these should come standard issue with every guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hagen LeBray review Unquestionably a top-of-the-line manual string winder, but still the user must careful not to scratch a guitar's headstock.  On some tuners this might work great, but on various of mine, still sloppy.  For now I'll stick with good old fashioned fingers and thumb. overallrating 3   lineend
name Hayden review It is sturdy, well made, feels hefty in your hands, with an extremely smooth action - everything the Shubb winder is not.Well, it is made in China, while the Shubb is made in USA. But what is the point if it is so much inferior?I think it proves that it is not about where it is made but how it is designed and manufactured. overallrating 5   lineend
name JeffH review What does anyone really want to know about a string winder.  Yes it will help you string your instrument quicker.  And Yes, it's still in one piece. I would buy it again.  You may even buy 2 because the same gnomes that steal pick's and capo's take these too. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Livote review  There are many cheapie string winders out there, they all look pretty much the same....but they most certainly are not. This one built like a tank. with thick, solid construction. It's built for the long haul. It fits every tuning peg it's ever been fit to, has a cool little compartment built in thats perfect for extra acoustic bridge pins and extra pics, and simply is tough as nails. This is the last one you will ever need to buy. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Lovelace review  This thing is a TANK!  I don't think you could break this beast if you wanted to!  The last string winder you will ever buy! overallrating 5   lineend
name Shady Neighbor review I have a Martin HD-28 with the large Grover tuners.  This string winder fits the tuning knobs perfectly.If you change your strings regularly, this does make it significantly easier without risking damage to tuners.For $6, these are pretty high quality and this should be the only string winder you need to buy for a long time. overallrating 5   lineend
name Shannon review Works awesome :) overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrew Walker review Can't complain about a price like this!!! Does the job just fine for what it is, not really anything more you could ask for.  Comes with the proper attachment pieces that you need for most (if not all) microphones, folds up nice and small.  Happy all around! overallrating 4   lineend
name Jhoc review We bought this stand for our son's new guitar amp Mic, and it works fine for his set-up. It comes with the Mic clip to hold the Mic as well. The height adjustments seem to work flawlessly. overallrating 5   lineend
name Leland W. Morris review  Good unit for the money, for sure.  It is not road worthy however, in our opinion.  Still, for any smaller gigs, it does a fine job.  Delivery, packaging etc were very good. overallrating 4   lineend
name tada review Needed boom arm stands and these filled the bill.  Tripod base to get over stage cables, and a boom arm with clips.  Works just fine.  Be sure to check is the length of the arm is OK.  These are slightly shorter than other stands I have. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Brandfas review  I did not think that an amp this size would sound good. Boy was I surprized. This amp out does my old Roland Cube 60.  THis amp is LOUD...VERY LOUD!!!!!  And the tone is adjustable from great cleans to nice heavy dirty sound. All in all a super amp. overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  ed and written about a hissing sound, but I have not had a problem with that. After trying it with 3 guitars (1 passive p/u's, 1 active p/u's, and 1 acoustic electric) it remains nice and quiet. I have been using it as a practice amp as well as in a band setting.Now here's the thing... it does NOT have a lot of bass frequency to it, but I noticed that setting it on the floor does help some, but still not enough if you're looking for that heavy metal \"scooped\" sound. So, I would not recommend it for you metal heads out there; however, for all you jazzers and rockers, the tone knob makes a big difference. I keep my tone at about a 9o'clock setting because I prefer a little darker sound and it has enough mids to cut through the mix nicely still.Bottom line... I would recommend this amp (obviously I gave it 5 stars). I don't think you will be dissappointed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jared Burdick review  s and video. You simply will not find a negative thing about the ZT Lunchbox anywhere. It really is a solid state aimed to take prefessionals away from their bigger, heavier, more expensive tubes. If you play effect laden music, boy are you going to have a hard time walking away from the ZT.If there is a drawback - $300 for a solid state amp that really needs external pedals to shine could be a turn off for some - especially for players looking for a swiss army knife for an amp. Roland, Fender, Line6 and others still have that niche dialed in. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Cedeno review  s on youtube.PART II -Ok, the extension cabinet option: Hooked up a 8 ohm cab and it sounded bigger and louder. However do NOT use the internal speaker together with the extension cabinet - Turn the switch off. It WILL overheat the amp and start acting weird. I found out the hard way, verified with the manual that you should shut off the internal speaker. I would assume that at a low volume you could conceivably use both. You'll know if you touch the back of the amp and its more than warm, but I would not recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name JMAC review  I have been using a ZT Lunchbox Amp for about a year.  Blindfolded you won't confuse it with a Marshall stack or a blackface Deluxe but for a small, portable, solid state amp it works as advertised.  People that say it is loud aren't kidding but there are limits.  The sound from the 6.5\" speaker requires some space to develop.  Up close it can be painfully loud but the sound is rather directional and it lacks bass.  I use mine for practice at home and for low-volume band rehearsals.  I played it once on stage, mic'd through a PA, but wasn't happy with the sound and switched to a tube amp with a 12\" speaker.To me it sounds best with humbuckers but I've played single coil guitars (Fender and Gibson) through it with usable results.  If you are after clean volume you might be disappointed.  It only gets so loud before distortion (and noise) becomes annoying.  Players that use a lot of distortion (e.g., Metal) will get a lot more out of this amp than players that need cleaner sounds at volume.  While the ZT Lunchbox isn't as versatile as some other small amps, it is great for a \"one trip\" load in at rehearsals.One thing to consider is adding the matching ZT extension cabinet.  It makes a big difference in two ways: two 6.5\" speakers move more air and the doubled speaker cone area helps thicken the sound.  Also, because the speakers can be angled and separated the area covered by the sound is increased.  This is a big help at rehearsals.  I point one cabinet towards myself and the other into the room.  I've tried using a guitar speaker cab, a PA speaker, and a PA floor monitor as an extension speaker but the ZT extension cabinet sounds best to me.  It's the same size as the ZT Lunchbox and they thoughtfully put the handle on the back so you can stack them.For an ultra-portable guitar (or harmonica) amplifier that can get decently loud the ZT Lunchbox is hard to beat.  But if you are particular about tone you might find that a lower wattage practice amp with a 12\" speaker works better. overallrating 4   lineend
name Joshua review This is an overpriced item. That is my only complaint. There's enough reviews on here that state the obvious. It is small, it sounds good, and can keep up with a little jazz trio by itself which is amazing. HOWEVER I have to say I'm super uber pissed that the day after I bought this amp at sam ash for $450 it dropped to about $250. How does an amp just come down half price over night? I mean, what kind of scam was this company running if they can afford to stay in business and sell them half the price than they were originally marked at? It's like the blue blocker sunglasses. On TV They're sold for $80. 6 months later you can get them in the barging bin for $2 at CVS. This is not ethical business, this is trying to get as much as you can from your customers with no regard to true value.. PS the ambiance was a better feature than newer verb processors.Edit: Just read another guy who gives it 5 stars because it can be \"used as a weapon to knock someone out.\" Not sure if this amp deserves the 5 stars it is getting, and certainly not because it can bludgeon someone to death in an alley. I stand by my logically opinions of this item. ZT should not have sold this for $450 in the first place. It inadvertently turned customers like me off to the company name. overallrating 3   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  I've been playing with my brother's Lunchbox and when he first plugged in for a jam at his house I thought he was joking. This amp can easily cut through drums, even in the close confines of his practice studio. Granted, I am not a heavy hitter, but we were messing around with come classic rock from the early 60s and this amp at three on the volume knob was plenty loud.The tone is very good, but not exceptional. It's not as clean as a Fender or Jazz Chorus, but it's still better than many of the amps I've listened to. If you want to make this a spectacular tome machine plug aBoss FBM-1 Fender '59 Bassman Pedalinto it.About the quirks. The ambiance knob is no substitute for reverb. It does give a hall-like sound as you increase it, but was designed to simulate an open back amp more than a true effect. The gain controls the input signal to the amp, and according to the manual is more like a soft overdrive. The volume level is solely controlled with the volume knob with the gain knob playing no real role in how loud the amp gets. Finally, the speaker switch on the rear is for turning the internal speaker on and off, not the speaker out circuit for routing the signal to an external cab. That means that you can use ths amp as a head by turning the 6.5 inch internal speaker off, or have it active with a cab as a set of external speakers in addition to the internal one.Plugging phones into the headphone jack will NOT turn off the internal speaker. You need to do that with the speaker switch. Personally I love that feature because you can also use the phones jack as an output to a PA with the amp's internal speaker still active.You definitely need to follow the instruction manual, and especially the advanced user's guide, or you may be initially disappointed. My brother returned the first unit he purchased because there was a pop when it was turned on or off, as well as a slight hum when it was idling. The replacement amp exhibited the same problems. However, if you follow the manuals (plural) you can prevent both problems. I mentioned quirks - the power on and off procedure and positioning the gain knob to the mid level are the keys to smoothing the amp out.Bottom line: this tiny amp packs a punch and has sound characteristics that have to be heard to believe. If you want true reverb you will need to plug in a pedal (check out theBoss FRV-1 63 Fender Reverb Pedalif you haven't already), but for small venues and practice rooms the ambiance feature is probably all you need. Do take the time to read the documentation before you start using it because when this amp is properly used it's simply amazing. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert M. Koretsky review   by saying that I am not a professional musician, but I have some experience with guitar amplifiers and sound reinforcement equipment. I bought this amp for a couple of reasons- I wanted a combo that was light in weight, easy to move,store, and carry, and also was clean sounding and slightly loud. I can get the sound level I want out of this amp without turning the volume knob up more than 1/4, but if I ever want more, there's plenty of headroom there. It is definitely a clean, noise-free amp at moderate sound levels, and I can add effects through my Line6 Pod Pro if I want to, like more drive, reverb, etc.. As far as durability goes, I've only had it for a day, so I can't say. It has a year warranty period. Price through Musiciansfriend was good, I buy everything for music through them( no offense to Amazon). It's solidly built . All in all, a beautifully designed and executed product. Thanks, ZT!Update- 3/1/12 So far, so good! I've played through the amp for a couple weeks now, and it's great. Clean, low noise, I'm used to the controls and love the sound of it. No need to even use my Pod Pro. I'm now thinking of adding an extension speaker cab of my own design, using Eminence Designer software and an Eminence Commonwealth 12\" guitar speaker. Also considering the Lunchbox extension cab. I don't really need more volume but a 12\" speaker might change the sound enough to where I like it, although I like the sound through the 6.5\" speaker it comes with. Always experimenting with my sound. To think some people buy $2000 tube amps, wow I'm not that kind of expert!Update- 3/10/12 I hooked the amp up to a JBL PA cab, and it really rocked! The JBL 15\" woofer in the cab had a lot more bass, so I adjusted the ZT tone to give the signal more treble to compensate. Hooking up an external speaker is definitely a way to get more volume if so desired. Now thinking about an Eminence Deltalite 12\" neodymium speaker in a 1 cu. ft. As an extension speaker. overallrating 5   lineend
name aceofbase review These picks sound great, very durable and grip is the best I have used. My main complaint is the very small size,I haven't got enough room to vary my finger position and get different tones out of the pick. I find the Dava master control more to my liking for most things, but I still use the jazz III's from time to time when I just want a simple clean pick tone. overallrating 4   lineend
name Antidote review I started with the flimsy grays. A couple years ago I switched to yellows. Recently I've been learning the art of arpeggio sweeps and this pick is the (  )! For all that are having tone probs with this pick, consider this. Your used to using big picks, which strum hard easily. With these I noticed I have to strum in a tighter, stronger pattern than before to get the same tones. Anyway, the attack on this pick is so just..YES! It flows in sweeps like .... YES! I will never switch from the pick. Oh ya, the grip is perfect. Haven't popped one outa my fingers yet. Just my two cents. overallrating 5   lineend
name Carlos review nice grip,,,,  the are great and a excellent quantity in the box for a musician that lost  constantly are lossing guitar  picks overallrating 5   lineend
name Coffee Infusion review  s.EDIT: The strumming issue can be overcome with playing around with pick angle. It's getting easier with these. I have also since found that while these are fantastic picks, I actually prefer theDunlop Jazz III Pick Pack, Red Nylon,1.38mmdespite lack of the Max-Grip raised lettering. They are just the most wonderful picks I've used. I do plan to try out some 2mm picks, however, as I suspect I'm going to prefer a thicker pick; the III nylons feels slightly thicker than the Max-Grips, which I believe is why I prefer them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cyrus Cathey review  I'm a bass player and so I don't deal with cut picks much.  These picks are really hard and last forever.  I did not notice any additional string wear or damage.  These would probably better suited to guitarists. overallrating 3   lineend
name David McCarthy review exactly what I was looking for. A Jazz III- sized pick (smaller than a common-sized guitar pick) that works better for me because the grip nubs make it easier to keep it in the proper angle/position overallrating 4   lineend
name Diego A. Umana review I have tried many picks in my 25+ years of guitar playing and this one is by far the best. I have been using Dunlop for the most recent years, but these are the best. The Carbon Fiber of these Dunlop Jazz III make them as long lasting as you want - when playing rock (slides and picking) they are better than any other material, and still very comfortable for softer rythms and styles like blues or jazz. Their grip is excellent and they feel awesome. Gotta try them! Highly recommended. Cheers! overallrating 5   lineend
name DMANBASS review They are tiny. About half the size of a regular pick. My fingers keep hitting the strings.  Nice grip area. Will last forever, sound great. A bit too thick for me. overallrating 3   lineend
name Donald Cross review With the grips these are comfortable and not as prone to falling out of your and when your hand gets moist from sweat overallrating 5   lineend
name Fan Man review I had no reference point to judge the size of these picks perhaps compare pick with a quarter in the shot as a sizing method.Good picks though. overallrating 3   lineend
name guitarman6730 review These will not wear down which is amazing and they have all the same great qualities as all the other jazz III's. the only problem I have with them is dirt can get between the grip pretty easily which makes them slip but if you clean them well then its not a problem. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hitthespot review I bought a number of these because after the first one I used I fell in love.  They have a fuller sound than other picks and the grip on these is fool proof.  However they don't pinch harmonics well at all, and they will not do scrapes up the Low strings at all.  Two disasters for Classic rock music.  I never seen picks that wouldn't do these things, however I really struggled with these things that seem so easy with other picks.  However minus these two quirks, these are fantastic picks. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Edgar Mihelic review  Unless you know what you're doing, these things are too small.  If you feel comfortable with your picking skills, the size and stiffness (along with the built in grip) are pretty good.  These are for lead, and not rhythm. The picture won't show it, but they are about the size of a dime. overallrating 4   lineend
name Kyle T. Locke review I think these jazz picks are awesome, nice and light with a gripped texture so you don't have worry about them flying when you solo! I only wish that more came in a single pack. overallrating 5   lineend
name LARRY review These picks are a good change of pace. They are easy to grip and do not slide and slip through my fingers. Good investment for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name LOUIS SAAD III review I buy these for my son.  He loves the grip on them as they help stop them from slipping out of his hands.  He also likes the small size.  They last forever and don't break. overallrating 5   lineend
name M. C. Malkemus review  I ordered them because they are carbon fiber, but love them because I DON'T loose picks anymore! I used to lose a pick every other day. Bought six, still have six a week later. :)Here's how I keep it: about midway over the fretboard, slide it between the E, B, and G strings (the three smallest strings) and slide it up towards the headstock. It has little gecko-like protrusions that grip the E string. Stays in place and CANNOT slip out. Wonderful! overallrating 5   lineend
name Minh Pham review These have the correct thickness and texture that I want, but they are smaller than a typical pick. So be sure to try them out first before buying. One just cannot tell the size from the picture Amazon has. I wish they put a reference picture by the side of this pick (may be dim the ref image a little so people won't get confused). Some people swear by these, but I that find my fingers get a little numb after playing these for an hour or two. May be you need to get acclimated to this pick before you can fully use it effectively and for long duration. I won't be buying these again. overallrating 3   lineend
name Mountain Biker review These picks are fantastic, but smaller then picks I've used in the past, but easy to hold onto due to the shape and texture, very durable, believe these are smaller for Jazz use. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mr Tall review If you like thick/heavy gauge picks, but find they wear too fast for you, this is the pick for you. They have a very solid grip to them and are very stiff, but also wear (as in don't wear down) like nothing else. These were a very nice find! overallrating 5   lineend
name Nike review I got these after using Dunlop Standard Tortex Picks, 12 Pack, Purple, 1.14mm for some time.i would choose the Jazz III are better for ME personally because i used to hold my picks wrong.Due to the smaller size of the Jazz III im forced to be a better picker and player. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pantanga34 review One day I was getting ready to play a show and stuck my hand in my pocket...my pick was gone. I checked in my case...no picks. So 3 minutes before I start I'm scrambling all over trying to find a pick. Luckily a friend of mine had a spare and handed me one of these. As soon as I touched it I though, this feel weird. I went and played my set using one of these and I absolutely loved it. The pick feels great in my hand and plays really well. And this was the first time I've played with a pick that I knew wasn't going to come flying out of my fingers. After I got home from the show I jumped on Amazon and ordered a pack for myself. Like I said, I love these things. overallrating 5   lineend
name Personne review This is not a pick for windmilling guitarists.  This is a pick for the precision player.  It's really small--noticeably smaller than the red Jazz III picks.  With large fingers like mine, it almost disappears.  But the aggressive grip pattern keeps the pick right where you want it.  It's a very stiff pick, with just enough give to keep from sawing your strings off.The picks are first-rate.  Based on my previous experience with Dunlop picks, this 6-pack will last me for years.  I'm inclined to lose a few along the way, just so I can give Dunlop some repeat business. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pone Tony review I've always used jazz picks for my electric guitar work.  Danny Gatton did so, and I wouldn't have it any other way.  These are the absolute best picks I've ever used.  They don't wear down as easily as delrin, tortex, or some other materials.  And, these have a really, really nice textured surface that keeps them from slipping out of your fingers.  I think I'm going to order these in massive bulk quantities and stash them away in case they ever decide to stop manufacturing these... overallrating 5   lineend
name REM review These picks are nice but just  too small. My only regret is that I had taken more time to research the size.  They work well just need to be a little bigger. overallrating 3   lineend
name Robert I. Hedges review The Dunlop Max Grip Jazz III carbon fiber picks really helped improve my accuracy, no doubt in large part due to their relative stiffness and profile. I tend to drop picks and have tried numerous brands and types of picks, but for ease of grip these are hard to beat. I am a relatively inexperienced player, and while more experienced players can address technical subtleties better than I can, I have come to depend on these as they have helped me to hugely improve my picking accuracy in a relatively short time. As far as durability goes, they are the reigning champs. I bought a pack of six, and I've been using them for a while now and can't tell them apart: the three I've used look like the three that are still in the bag to my eye. I doubt seriously I will need to buy more for months (who knows, maybe years) as they just don't seem to wear even after hours and hours of use. I recommend these picks without reservation. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rock Daisy review I do like these picks too.  It has a bit different sound obtained when I use this one.  Will keep them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Scott H. Irving review  To me, this is a pick to pick notes and leads. It does not seem like a chord strumming pick as much. I use light  or medium regular size picks for strumming. I really like the fit/feel of this plucking pick. Smaller, but stays in your fingers and glides fast over the strings. You might balk at the price but I do not regret it in the least. Some nice picking with this pick. I don't play a lot so I figured 6 ought to last me quite a while. I have an old thick stone pick with is an interesting experience, too. But the Dunlop is better to me. overallrating 5   lineend
name Smurfie review I don't use these alot, but when I play jazz style music or ballads, they work better without playing with heavy attack and give a more mellow tone to the solo's. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Stewart Pope review These picks are smaller than a regular guitar pick and they are thick. I use them for playing bass. They work well for that. I have not used them for a regular guitar. I prefer a standard pick for that. overallrating 4   lineend
name Surferofromantica review  A very nice pick, both in feel and texture. Only complaint is that it's fairly small - about the size of a Canadian or US five cent piece, where most of your typical guitar pick are bigger - about the size of a 25 cent piece. But that's okay. I got this the same time as I got a set of Jim Dunlop 427P3 Dun Ultex Jazz III, the yellowish ones, and Dava Jazz Grip 9024 red picks, and I think I like the Dava picks the best. All three are &#34;tight grip&#34; picks, and all the same size, but they're all good. These picks have a great grip, though, and feel dry and gritty even when they're clean as a bone. Nice! overallrating 5   lineend
name TIMOTHY A. BILLINGSLEY review  I probably got the wrong gauge, these things have no give at all due to the thickness but I like the small size. They are about half the size of a standard pick, so they are very easy to control. overallrating 4   lineend
name Anthony review Sounded good. Warmer sounding than stock tubes in my ac15. I rocked all night and loved the sound. Next day i turned it on, my amp was crackling out and wiping out the signal i checked the tubes and one of them was making violent purple flashes before the signal burnt out. I then noticed that one of my fuses blew out as well. I changed out the fuse and checked again and the tube was still doing the same thing so i just swapped the tubes back for atock. Id like to see a real set of jjs, im sure one of them was a dud. overallrating 1   lineend
name Charlo review Replaced the stock tubes (Groove Tubes) in my Blues Junior with a matched pair of JJs.  Much better tone IMHO.  The sound is exactly what you want in an EL84 and the tubes have held up very well.  I am coming up on needing a complete retube of my Palomino V32 and I will also be using JJs. overallrating 5   lineend
name P. Refsnider review My first amp with EL84's is a totally scratch built older single channel Trinity AC15, which is based on a Lightning. Initially installed JJ EL84's after reading so many good reviews about them. They sound great to me (personal opinion of course), and are priced right. Thought about New Sensor Mullard RI's or Sovtek EL84M/7189's. Glad I went with the JJ's, and not looking back. I'm running 365VDC on the plates and 340VDC on the screens. First set, one red plated slightly. Bought a second set from Doug's Tubes, Ruby EL84CZ's (select matched JJ's). Performing nicely with a stock MIM Strat. Also using a Sovtek 12AX7LPS in the PI spot and a post-PI master volume, just like Matchless. overallrating 4   lineend
name R. Morton review  tubes come out of the same two or three places anymore...there is a definate consistancey issue and a few places where the seller (JJ Tubes) can specify specs to make their particular tube stand out. JJ seems to have a smoother sound than most. I've recently replaced the tubes in a little VOXAC4 mini and two Epiphone Valve Jr's that came with Sovtek EL84's and 12AX7's and am really impressed with the discernable difference in tone. There was a real payoff in this small change, the pre-amp tubes made the rest of the difference. You don't need to spend big money for tubes...these JJ's work really great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tachyon review Purchased these to replace some failing power tubes in my Vox NT15H, and all I can say is that they are great.  After a little break in these brought some new life back into my amp. Greatly improved the tone over the stock Sovteks that where in there originally. Great product for a great price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Teh Arbitrageur review  Bought a couple of these as replacement tubes for my bass amp, and I think they improved the sound over the original EH ones.  These are considered \"boutique tubes\ but I think they're popular for a reason. overallrating 4   lineend
name Tim review Had for over a year, hasn't failed. Bedroom Vox amp, never leaves the house, never turned up above conversational volume level, so I can't elaborate on sound, can only comment on reliability for my usage. overallrating 4   lineend
name William J. Stasse review JJ Tubes are the best sounding vacume tubes & the only tubes that go into my vintage & boutique amps, overallrating 5   lineend
name Bill review I purchased this to teach myself to play a keyboard instrument.  This device has delivered everything I wanted and more. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bobby  W. review This keyboard far exceeded my expectations for the price - the quality of most of the \"bread and butter\" sounds is very high. This keyboard also has tons of neat features - there's something here for musicians of any skill level (check out Yamaha's product blurb).To get an idea of how good this keyboard can sound, search YPG-235 on YouTube and check out \"trying out my Yamaha ypg 235\" by JoshTheMusician90.Since it's also 76 keys (unweighted), MIDI(USB) compliant, very portable and can even run on batteries in a pinch,the YPG-235 could be used in a variety of situations.One star off for a couple of caveats below - Other than that, at around $200, this instrument is a steal.       In my mind, the only \"negatives\" (aside from trying to install the USB MIDI driver/see below) are that Yamaha sells this keyboard without the AC adapter and sustain pedal as standard accessories, and you really need both. Yamaha should note that a lot of people feel burned by the non-inclusion of the AC adapter.        NOTE FOR THOSE WANTING TO USE THIS KEYBOARD VIA USB/MIDI ON A WINDOWS 7 SYSTEMThe USB MIDI drivers for this instrument are provided on a CD - the disk I got only contained drivers up to Windows Vista - I tried cheating and using this driver on my WIN 7 system, but it didn't work. The CD will supply you with a link that should take you directly to the latest driver downloads, but it doesn't - I ran into a lot of problems going that route - I suggest you bypass trying to use the link the CD suggests and just go directly to the Yamaha website to get the latest driver. Much easier, and my YPG-235 now works fine with my computer, but still surprising since most USB MIDI keyboards are plug and play. overallrating 4   lineend
name James E. Jefferson, Jr. review  Okay it works and is really neat and the price was fantastic.  A great addition and will serve me well overallrating 5   lineend
name Nathan A. Edwards review After having played the Yamaha YPG-535 88-key Portable Grand Piano Keyboard in a showroom and loving it, I was torn, wondering what all I would be missing out on if I went with the more economically priced YPG-235. I now own the 235 and it appears as if I am missing out on twelve keys. That is, I am not experiencing even an ounce of buyer's remorse after opting for the cheaper 235. This is a lovely keyboard with more beautiful voices than I will ever know what to do with and extremely user friendly functionality. Of course, my opinion should be taken with a grain of salt as I will be the first to admit that my experience with other products of this variety is extremely limited. As such, it might be best to say that, for a novice, one could not ask for a better instrument for the price.So what is the difference between the 235 and the 535? Based on my previous comparative shopping, I have come up with a few differences. First is the obvious fact that the 535 possesses 88 keys, while the 235 has 76. The 535 also includes a stand, sustain pedal, and power adapter, which must be purchased separately for the 235. While I am unaware of the specifics, the 535 also has greater storage capacity and capability as well as a few more voices. Beyond these definitive differences, having now played both models, the 535 also wins out with regard to aesthetics in that it looks and feels to be of a slightly higher quality, from its display to the apparent craftsmanship in assembly.Why buy the YPG-235? If price is not an issue, go ahead and get he 535, it is a beautiful instrument. However, for those on a budget or for those who simply do not need 88 keys, purchase the 235. Like the 535, the 235 possesses piano style Graded Soft Touch (GST) keys, which are not exactly weighted but occupy that perfect gap between pure synth keys and weighted. The feel is perfect for one who is used to standard synth-style keyboard keys yet longs for a little more control without sacrificing playability. The 235, like the 535, also features USB connectivity and general MIDI compatibility, as well as almost all of the same high quality voices, which separate both the 535 and the 235 from many other models in their price brackets (besides the pianos, the multitude of stringed instrument voices are amazingly realistic). While it is unfortunate that Yamaha decided to not include a power adapter with the 235, theYamaha Survival Kit D - Accessory Kit for Yamaha YPG-235 & YPG-235 Keyboardswhich includes a power adaptor, extended warranty, and a couple of other low quality extras can be purchased relatively cheaply. In my opinion, the YPG-235 offers the buyer more bang for their comparative buck. Again, the 235 sounds great, feels great and is hard to beat for the price! overallrating 5   lineend
name StudioDude review This keyboard sounds good, but the inability to go below that low E is just killing me. The speakers are good. Buy a good sustain pedal.M-Audio SP-2 Sustain Pedal with Piano Style Action for Keyboards overallrating 4   lineend
name Aaron Taylor review this is a super beginners kit to get ya going and to build from.....the pencil condenser are questionable......they have picked up outside noise(like birds etc) but with a decent bit of white noise (but I may have had them running a bit hot too) the strange clamps have worked well for me overallrating 5   lineend
name Big Daddy review  I was looking for a cheap way to get some drums miced up in a hurry for this Saturday's St. Patrick's Day parade.  I took a chance on this kit, even though I have never purchased anything that says \"Pyle\" on the label.  Upon receiving this kit, my first surprise was the quality of the case, and then upon opening, I was surpised to find that these were the EXACT same microphones as the ones I borrowed once from a friend to do some recordings, but branded differently.  He paid about 350-400 for his kit (still cheap by today's standards).I pulled out 1 overhead condensor and the kick-drum mic and mounted them, fired up the PA and had our drummer play a bit and was shocked at the clarity of the overhead mic!  We could probably get away with just using this one microphone to mic the entire kit, or two overheads; they pick up everything very clearly.  I turned up the volume on the kick-drum mic and was even more surprised to hear the thump of a much more expensive mic coming out of this seemingly too-small mic.  Now, I have a wonderful drum mix coming from only 2 microphones and my mixer has more channels free than I would have expected.  For fun, I added one of the tom/snare mics and they sounded equally clear.After purchasing this, I can tell you that there is absolutely NO way I would purchase one of the \"high-end\" drum-mic kits.  If you are looking for a solution for recording or live sound, this is it.  I promise you will LOVE the sound and you will be ecstatic about the price you paid to get that sound. overallrating 5   lineend
name David review Shipped in time. Didn't test microphones yet, but I think this is best price for 7 microphones. According to the rewievs the sound quality should be quite well. I'll check it later. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kodack review The good:InexpensiveContains most of the hardware you need, drum mounts, etc.works with 3/8 or 5/8Has a carrying caseThe kick mic has a good low frequency responseThe bad:Has locking clasps with included keys, that are too big for the key holes.Does not contain any of the cabling and you will easily spend as much on that as you did on the microphonesNo instructions on how to use the mounts, or little things like you can use plyers to remove the 3/8\" adapters from the mountsKick mic needs a mic stand, one is not providedThe ugly:The two condenser microphones are incredibly sensitive but at the cost of an incredibly high noise floor. There is a ton of hiss at any level setting and it will make your recording sound like a 1/4\" casette tape unless you EQ out all of the highs on the condensers to kill the hissssss. overallrating 4   lineend
name Lee review I have used these mics more than any other in my mic arsenal. The kick mic's base is beginning to fall apart, but I have used these things on the road all this (brutal) summer and the sound is still the same... I have other more expensive mics, but often use these in clubs as a backup (when the drummer doesn't have a favorite or bring his own kick mic). While it cannot stand up to say (my favorite) the D112, it does the job and the overheads are the easiest o.h. mics I have tried yet. The tom mics work on guitar cabinets and the mounting hardware is still in one piece (except for the kick mic mounting bracket) after months of use. I would suggest these mics as a backup for your expensive mics.UPDATE: Now that I have been using them for a while I can say they are reliable, durable and sound good. My AKG drum mic kit sees more action than the Pyle's, but the Pyle mics are always on hand to mic guitar cabs, percussion instruments like congas and whatever else needs mic'ing. The kick drum mic's mount is falling off, but considering how many times these mics have been hit by errant drum sticks and dropped by inexperienced technicians, they are in great shape. These mics have more life left and I have gotten a good amount of use out of them to this point. overallrating 5   lineend
name Patrick M. Waters review For the money, I doubt you can beat these microphones. I just needed something for occasional outdoor shows and didn't want to spend a ton of money. So far, so good. I will say that the first shipment had a bad mic, but Amazon replaced it for free and paid for re-shipping, so I am happy about that. overallrating 4   lineend
name Austin Garcia review  I purchased this sometime around September, and when I received it, I tested it, and it seemed to work correctly. I've had no trouble with it that I can remember/think of. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob review This is a great microphone. It's light, sensitive, and looks professional. I used this alongside my Xonar DG sound card and my recordings sounded clear even when boosted +22dB. I would recommend this for anyone looking to do amateur voice recording. overallrating 5   lineend
name 'brother' Bill review All I can say is, sometimes you get more than what you paid for. While this isn't the new break through tech or the rave of the much, much higher end mics, it does deliver. With a decent mixer you can get a very nice response. Been giggin' since the early 70's and have been hosting an open-mic to boot. I get some seasoned players that grace my stage and none were the wiser of this very nice, super affordable microphone ... it's a charm! 'b' B overallrating 4   lineend
name C.E. review  s have also said that this is a great back-up mic or karaoke mic, I agree. However, if you are looking to record professional sounding tracks, you won't find it at this price.Value? To me, I think it's definitely a mic worth having, even if it's just laying around, at this price, you can't beat it. It's a great mic for the price.-Update-After using this microphone for a while, I find it to be somewhat lacking. Don't get my wrong though, for the price, it definitely performs as it should. However, if you are looking to make quality recordings, I would pass on this purchase. overallrating 3   lineend
name christopher Lamothe review great microphone at a very good rice overallrating 5   lineend
name Dave review  This could be a great mic and is similar to the Shure SM58.  But I've found that most of these pyle pro audio products tend to have a much higher signal to noise ratio..even plugged into my best preamps in studio.  Spend more money, get some quality mics.  These are only good for garage practice on a budget. overallrating 3   lineend
name Dustin Kempton review I use it as a practice mic. It's fine if no one hears you! But if your gonna use it live. just suck it up and buy a shure sm58. But if you just need something you can ware out and not care, this will do fine. overallrating 4   lineend
name eatablog review It doesn't seem to be loud enough for a recording device that I have, but other than that, it works as described. overallrating 5   lineend
name Guitarist, Bassist, Gamer review I would recommend this mic for any application from home studios to a spare mic for any musician. They use a heavy metal casing that appears durable, and the cord is decent enough for live sound, but a very slight hum was present with my guitar/harp amp. I would pay this price for just the element! It is truly a great buy, and I would use it for armature work any day. I use it for harp (harmonica) and it works great, and it sounds smooth with vocals too. I would recommend it to any friend, and I already have... Worth every penny! overallrating 5   lineend
name Guitarslim review No on/off switch is a bummer, but it works! Solid construction, decent sound, comes with a cable for convenience.UPDATE After playing in a small shed for a while, the bass player was complaining of some crazy rattling when he played a B note. We messed with the PA and all the electronics. What it came down to, was my mic (Pyle-Pro PDMIC58 Professional Moving Coil Dynamic Handheld Microphone) placement. I switched mics and kept them in the exact same position, and the rattle went away. Whats all this mean? The quality of this mic is just ok. If you've got a lot of sound going on, maybe get a better one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ian Wells review I bought this for my kids aged 6 & 8, they love it. However it has not proven to be kid-proof. The microphone cable is too fragile and they quickly broke the connectors on each end forcing me to buy another cable.When it's working they love singing and it sounds fairly good - no complaints about the sound quality. overallrating 3   lineend
name I.M. review  Great value! Using it as a back up stage mic. Sound very good and for the price it can't be beat. It does not quite come up to the standard of our professional mics, but gets the job done when needed. overallrating 4   lineend
name Isaac review Great mic for the price. Is it a SM58? No, but sounds pretty damn good. It's light, don't know if it would handle major abuse, but wow...for 12 bucks. you really can't go wrong. Plus, they throw in a cheapo cable for a backup. It also looks pretty damn sharp. Don't see how they even afford to make these things for this price. If you want a really good SM58 clone, I would recommend a Behringer XM8500. If you are looking for a back up mic, or you are a cheapo, this will probably satisfy you. I would have knocked off a couple of stars if it was over 20 bucks, but for 12 bucks...I don't think you are gonna find a better microphone. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeffro review I just received this mic today and tried it out. I purchased it after rave reviews from other Amazon purchasers. This is a heavy solid high quality mic. Are you kidding me at this low price. They giving it away. Heck, the microphone cable it came with his heavy duty and long and it's worth $10 all by itself. I recorded a song today with it and I sounded very clear and clean with no hissing or popping.  You can't beat this deal. Awesome nice mic. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jinx Lee review It was delivered fast. When I hooked it up I didn't expect it to be so loud and clear. So powerful it picked up every breath I took between the lyrics. When I put a wind screen on it, the sound was so nice I couldn't stop singing for another hour. I only meant to test it when I unpacked it. I'm buying more. At that price it's a steal! Get a couple NOW! Before supply and demand kicks in. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe's Gadgets review  How in the World can they sell a very good microphone for $15??The cord that comes with it is worth more than that.Bought it to hear how my harmonicas would sound amped.Very good sound quality, plenty of gain.Would reccommend this for voice or instrument use. Has a 1/4in jack to easily plug into a guitar amp.If you need a good Mic or Mics & don't wan't to break the budget get one or a bunch of em'.You won't feel so bad when one falls off the stage & breaks. You'll still have a nice cord you can use on any Mic!!Very good purchase.Joe overallrating 5   lineend
name John review Works well on my amp, not so well on my computer workstation. It's a decent dj/announcer mic or for a PA but i wouldn't record anything like singing or music and expect great sound. Has that great heavy mic feel but is definitely no SHURE mic despite the similarities. overallrating 3   lineend
name jryan review Very close to the sound of an SM-58. Not quite as &#34;warm&#34; as the Shure, but this mic has the best sound for the price. I'm very impressed. overallrating 4   lineend
name Kevin Messerschmidt review  I needed a cheap good quality mic, and this fit the bill. Bighter than the SM58 it mimics which is fine for me because my speakers stink. I bought 2 and they were both of the same consistent quality. There is no on/off switch, so expect that you'll shut it off at the mixer. overallrating 4   lineend
name NoName review wow...so pleased with this $12 microphone, packs less of a punch than the Shure SM 58 but works great, very happy so far, used it to microphone some percussion and it worked great, could not really tell the difference from the real thing. If it breaks...so what...it costs 12 bucks, great microphone for someone on a tight budget. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pen Name review Very cheap and great for price but recording with this isn't the best idea. good for live performance on a budget overallrating 4   lineend
name Rick Bennette review  After first receiving the wrong item (not a mike at all) Amazon promptly corrected the error and sent the microphone ordered.This microphone feels well built from all metal construction and the XLR connector mates firmly with most cables. The included cable is light duty, but not bad if you treat it with respect. For under twenty dollars, Pyle-Pro can't be beat. Just be mindful it's inexpensive because it's made in China, but it doesn't feel cheap in any way.The mike exhibits rich vocal tone throughout the midrange and upper registers while the low end is slightly attenuated. For most singers, it will be just what they need. The cardiod pattern reduces feedback and background noise, making it a nice announcers mike for corporate video production.One issue I have with this mike is when using it on a Tascam D40 portable recorder with an XLR to XLR cable, the Tascam generates a digital pulsing noise into the input electronics. Both of my Pyle Pro mikes have the same problem, but both mikes work perfectly with any other device. The Tascam D40 is known for this noise issue, but it usually only occurs using an unbalanced non-XLR input. In this case, the unbalanced cable that comes with the mike actually works better with the Tascam than the XLR to XLR cable. overallrating 4   lineend
name Video Services Of Va review Haven't used it with the singer in my band but hooked it up to my amp for a short test. It doesnt appear to be DOA and as some of the other reviewers say, it doesn't appear that I have to be within centimeters for it to pick up. I looked at all the wires inside and they look OK. Nothing out of the ordinary.I'd say if you were Carlos Santana, you might want a better mic, but for those of us in garage bands and local bars, for the price? come on. How do you beat it? overallrating 4   lineend
name Basil review its perfectly done but it seems its not fitting Squire fender guitar in terms of E-to-E string spacing, The Low E string out of range and not fit in the hole :( overallrating 4   lineend
name carvinone review  Great tone and tuning stability. Was a direct drop in for my epi wildkat.  Really helped with the bigsby tuning stability overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Dulin review  good,  but it not fit properly,  Defenley better then bone thogh  I did have  to sand it to try to make it fit good, and I did Put it on my epiphone LP,  It does give a nice blues tone,  Beause it's not bone.  But I had to take it off case it just did not fit right overallrating 4   lineend
name K. Ray review Perfect replacement.  Did have to take off a little on either side, but other than that it fits.  I used it on a First Act ME501. overallrating 5   lineend
name puddytat review Such an easy part to install even if you are a clutz.  Makes a massive difference to the sound and can be a half decent price sometimes.  Worth every penny mind you...  Does require some length and height adjustment for some Epiphones and you should have some basic tools and glue to make it stay put..  So far so good. overallrating 5   lineend
name Aaron Madden review For the money you cant beat this cable. Works with the new mic my daughter got for Christmas and nice quality cord. Will buy more in the future overallrating 5   lineend
name AllThingsTech review  Cheap and good.  Just what I needed.  No issues in over a year.  Must less expensive and just as good as others. overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review Good, flexible cable.  The connectors are well fitted.  Fast delivery and a good price. I've bought an additional two since my initial purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review I own several of these and general buy from GLS direct but I needed some quick and had other orders from Amazon so I got them hear at same price. GLS is great quality and durable. I use there 100', 30' and 25' cords and have never been disappointed! overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrew Walker review Pretty simple, not much review needed for a cut and dry product like this.  Good quality XLR cable that works 100% fine.  I'm happy with this purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name bassestkkm review Possibly the best quality mic cable I have come across to date in my hunt for reasonably priced cables and gear. For the working musician or home recording man this is great! Extremely high quality at this price point and are used by professionals all over Southern California and the nation! overallrating 5   lineend
name busdriver123 review I received my cables very fast. The xlr male & the xlr Female are well built.No humm so that is a plus.Thank You. overallrating 5   lineend
name Captn' Bob review Good quality cord and connectors.  I had zero noise level using these cords.  Seem to be of a good value. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles F. Marks review  cords are cords but these are very nice, packaged great, good deal instant turnaround... easy, affordable, fast, why go out? Just go to Amazon. These guys did a super job getting them here fast.... they care about musicians.... we are a tough act to follow...right so look for accesories and cables/cords..etc...at orange County and Amazon...Thanks for caring guys... overallrating 5   lineend
name Daits review This is my 3rd set of cables I ordered from Amazon. I needed a lengthy cable for my requirement so ordered this one. The finish  is not bad on the outer PVC layer and coated zinc alloy body. Works fine with my mixer. My previous set of cables ( totally 4 cables) , each one of them develop some kind of problem after few months exactly on the same spot. I guess the inner strings somehow gets broken and stops working. I would see how this goes and update the review. If this one also would result in same condition, I would look for something better. The only reason I ordered the same ones again and again was because of the pricing. They are not expensive to replace. overallrating 4   lineend
name debi review Some items of GLS work great, others are awful.  Don't trust the products anymore.  It's unfortunate but I don't feel safe with their products, that they'll perform when I need them to.. overallrating 3   lineend
name Erosvin review I received a pair of these two weeks ago and am happy with my purchase. They seem well put together and just feel nice. They also came with two Velcro ties each. With proper care I'm confident these cables will last a very long time. overallrating 5   lineend
name etcwhatever review I just did a quick mic test with this cable and everything sounded good.  It coils nicely and has good connectors. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fancy review this is a good quality cable and works just as I expected it to.  I like the extra cable 'clips' that came with it so I can keep it wrapped up untangled. overallrating 5   lineend
name ffsalsa review I always like to carry extra cable when performing, you don't know when one of the one you have breaks and you don't have extras what do you do then, it works and it's great to have extra. overallrating 4   lineend
name Indie Film Lover review I was sure glad that I ordered this cable as a backup. It gets the job done and seems durable for my needs. overallrating 5   lineend
name jespi59jr review Work perfectly with my guitar, good price. No problems with static, crackling, hum or other sound artifacts. Great for amateur vocal recording like me. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. F. Hindy review What we have here is an XLR male to XLR female black cable. If you're looking for some ridiculous review, this won't be one.Quick pros and cons.Pros1. It's a nice, thick cable.2. It's 25ft long as promised. I measured (not really).3. It worked (didn't arrive dead).ConsNone really.This seems like a nice, high quality cable. Are there better? I have no clue, I'm an amateur. I needed an XLR to go with my GLS ES-57 and this fit the bill. Plugged into my mixer, plugged into the mic, and transmitted proper audio from one to the other. That's really all it's designed to do thus, 5 stars! overallrating 5   lineend
name johns3620 review This was a great addition to our studio here at [...] The price was great and quality was awesome. Highly recommend overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Puentes review GLS cables are quality cables at a good price. I suppose you could spend more, and still be happy, but why not spend less if it works as well? Then spend your savings on something else! I've been happy with all of GLS products so far. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Rodino review I ordered these as my first mic cords for a pair of dynamic mics I recently bought. They are very flexible, easy to handle, and of good quality. Even though the jacket material is flexible, it seems strong, and I have no fear of it tearing. The ends are sturdy metal, and they include a pair of velcro straps to keep the unused length (if any) under control. I am very satisfied with these cords, and would highly recommend them. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Sanabria review  I bought this audio cable and all I gotta say is that this thing can last and it will not give you any trouble. Good stuff! overallrating 5   lineend
name karaoke review  These cables seem to be better quality than Nady or some other cheap brands I've seen. They work great for me. I'll wait and see how they hold up in the log run. Fingers crossed.I haven't had any problems with them at all so far. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kurt Robair review Needed an XLR cable for a gig and ordered one of these the week before...it got the job done, my bass sounded great through the PA, and the crowd loved the band. Home run! overallrating 5   lineend
name L. Rapoport review  I am president of the International Press Association a global organization of photographers, videographers and journalists.  We have been teaching our members to convert from shooting stills to videos on their DSLR cameras. I needed this cord and a shorter one for an important assignment on a cruise ship and these guys came through in time for me to use both cords.  You can see them in use at our online publication IMPress in this article and video.  Thanks guys will be shopping with you again.[...] overallrating 5   lineend
name Lumin review When you're looking into a quality cable you wouldn't expect to find such quality for this price range. The construction is solid, well insulated cording, and having done some test recording with it I will definitely be purchasing more of these as the studio expands.While there may be more expensive cables out there I feel that for the price you are getting something of a higher quality than you would expect. Didn't notice any defects and no static/noise-bleed despite being around lots of other audio equipment, monitors, etc. Even touring or in a mobile studio application I wouldn't be worried about this cable failing or noise bleed.Only regret is not picking up a few more at this price, but I'm sure to order more for future expansion.Not worried at all about using this cable as part of my signal chain and was relieved to have it shipped out and arrive in a timely manner.Quality product, quality vendor. overallrating 5   lineend
name michaelht1 review works great, appears to be well made, good connectors, twenty five foot allows a great deal of movement, good value overallrating 4   lineend
name Nick review This is actually quite good, no problems after 2 seasons of work, and the neutrik knock-off connectors plug into devices well. The funny thing is they don't connect that easily to each other, like you might do for storage or to extend a cable run, but a little finagling will get them to mate. I'm not one to cheap out on a lot of things, but some cable prices are kinda ridiculous nowadays. I'm not saying there isn't a place for high quality cables, but If you have jobs were you don't need cables made of pure spun 100% angel's pubic hair, these will get the job done. overallrating 5   lineend
name P. Bradley review Good quality cable. I have other cables around it and was unsure about its shielding, but have never noticed any feedback or hissing. Seems like it works just as described.Good delivery time, too. overallrating 3   lineend
name SJ Holley review Purchased this cord to help set up mic for some band recording at home.  The cable is great because it's long enough to allow us to move our mic where we need it.  I got this item much quicker than I expected.  The shipping was fast and the product was in perfect condition.  Seller is A+ in my book.  If we need more of this type of equipment would certainly buy from them again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Steve review These come with two Velcro straps to hold the cable in a bundle, which is convenient.  I use this for a microphone, and it seems to be solidly-built.  If I need more, I'll probably buy this again. overallrating 5   lineend
name TriggerHappy review So I went for budget pricing without going to the absolute cheapest.Using for audio acquisition for film / video purpose.Pleasantly surprised at the construction quality of this cable, considering it's made in China; We'll see how they hold up over time.So far, clean sound using a shotgun mic straight into a Zoom H4 recorder.My only gripe is that the rubber grommet between the metal connector and cable was obviously not put on straight during manufacture, and will not go on all the way. (on the female side) Probably one few out of many, let's hope.It's those small attention to details that worry me about stuff made in china.Overall though, a great value for a quality cable. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dr. Dale review I read many negative reviews on several sites.  I can understand how the quality may not be consistent, but as a seasoned folk and ethnic musician, I must say that the set I just purchased is quite good, especially the lower pitched harps in G, A and Bb.  There are minor tuning issues with all instruments, especially folk instruments.  This is what gives them their charm and voice.  I find my whole set to be of very adequate quality and I will not need replacement harps right away, as many have stated they had to do.  The set is quite nice, for the price! overallrating 5   lineend
name G.R.K. review This is certainly a step up from the Hohner Piedmont Blues Harmonica Set that Amazon sells.  I have that one too.  I thought it was O.K., but I found that some of the harps don't work well and the gawd-awful smell!  Actually it went away after awhile, but in the beginning the plastic odor made me light headed.Anywho....This is a nicer set.  All harps work.  They feel substantial. No smell.  Pay the extra money and get this set.  UPDATE    The letters designating the key wears off pretty quickly.  A nusisance. overallrating 5   lineend
name James E. Sink review  I bought these just to add a layer of sound in my blues tunes I record, the notes don't bend easily...if you think your will cheat the big boys harps, youll be dissapointed quickly...these are little more than toys compared to $40 dollar harps, they feel cheap but have a decent sound ...i dont know if they will last, but to make harp noises without decent bends ... Ill use these sparingly...Jim overallrating 2   lineend
name Javier Fernandez review Nice presentation, although the harmonicas are plastic, they look and sounds great. Also the price is great, so go ahead, buy it and have fun. overallrating 4   lineend
name Loren Shirk review Great for the beginner! overallrating 5   lineend
name McEldoy review A very attrative, complete assemblage of blues harp.  With one in each key and relatively small size this is a must have. overallrating 5   lineend
name NickT review I play harp with some some that I perform. I found that all of these Harmonica's the note's are off and it's hard to play, I have G Blues harp that I compared the G harp to and the notes were a little off. The C harp was terrible. That said the only thing I like about this order is the case. I going to see if I can return them for store credit. overallrating 1   lineend
name NoName review you really have to have a lot of wind inside you to play these harmonicas, they are great but you really got to blow hard to get them rocking, adding distortion to them helps to brings out a better sound live or in the studio. These fit my budget and plus you get EVERY KEY you need for any song......WOW... Hohner has been around forever, well constructed instrument and very reliable company. overallrating 4   lineend
name Todd S. review Let me start by saying that I never even opened these. I've given it a 3 star merely out of respect for Hohner. I have no clue how they play, so you'll have to look at other review for that info.I ordered this product based on the fact that the description states \"Includes a deluxe, red pro type hard shell case\". Well... not from Music123 it doesn't. When I asked Music123 about this, they said \"oh... well, we provide Amazon with our catalogue, and we leave it up their discretion to input the pictures and descriptions of our items\". REALLY!!!???Not only did this not come in the red case (which I didn't really care about anyway), it didn't come in any version of this case style (which I was interested in). The case that's shown, is the case that's sold individually on many sites for $19. So I figured... wow!... what the heck? I'm getting 7 harmonicas that cost $6 a piece if puchased individually, and I'm getting a $19 case with them. You'd be silly not to bite on that, right? Well... they came in a cheaper, nondescript black zipper case, not the one with the Hohner logo on it. Save your money and order this through Musicians Friend. It's the same price, free shipping, and you get the actual item as it's described on their site.In closing... it's been a week since I sent this product back to Music123, and I still have not received my refund. Do yourself a favor and avoid them!!! overallrating 3   lineend
name WAYA review I bought this mostly for the case and to have a few backup harps kicking around if I need them.Some of the harps are out of tune slightly, not a big deal, especially considering what all you get here...This is an alright set for a beginner, and a good cheap backup set for a more advanced harp blower.I'll use the case for my higher end Hohners as needed. overallrating 3   lineend
name Wm review If you are a broke performer of harmonica blues and need to get back on track, these will not help much. That being said, these are not junk, nor are they cheap nasty instruments - there are plenty available that are much worse than these. Straight from the case, these don't bend well, but do not despair. Having an experienced player break them in gets one of them behaving well in a couple of days (about eight hours of playing) So far I have persuaded the G A Bb and C to bend enough to satisfy curiosity, but they will not hold up to serious playing. I do not destroy my harps easily, so am not the most aggressive player out there, but I felt like these would certainly be something even I may wear out pretty quickly. For the purpose I intended these to perform they are about perfect - with me breaking them in, I can pass them on to my non harp playing relative for them to learn the basics.  Better use these inexpensive harps to over-blow and squawk through, than the set I will be buying in six months; if the promise of musical ability follows through. The advantage of the plastic comb is that I don't need to pass on any germs with them - they wash very easily, with no damage. For the price, you get seven good harps, that make presentable learner instruments, with just a little prep. Without the experienced blues player to break them in, it will take a bit of patience to learn bending on them - there are many YouTube videos that will teach the method, so try hard, persevere and you will crack it with these harps  - try learning bending on the lower key instruments first; they will be easier. overallrating 4   lineend
name David G. Beneke review Nice and thick, the adhesive is very strong. I have used it on microphone electronics to shield out RF noise. If you don't have the shielding grounded, or in a continuous loop, it won't work. If you hear hum, it's not the shielding, it's your technique. overallrating 5   lineend
name Eric A. Rogers review You really need to double the quantity and charge accordingly. The single order wasn't really enough to do one guitar and I doubt you could do a bass, either. I used the copper under a clear pickguard, which matched the rest of the guitar pretty closely. Then, I finished the pickguard compartment and the jack area with aluminum foil tape from my local hardware store. overallrating 3   lineend
name grandpa review  This is the best thing I have done to my Telecaster. I had some noise, even at moderate volumes. After shielding, it is absolutely quiet. This peel and stick tape has conductive glue, so you don't have to solder the overlap joints. I overlapped about 1/4&#34; and had a 3 1/2&#34; X 8&#34; piece left over after shielding two humbucking pickups and the control cavity. The tape is petty easy to use, sticks well inside the cavities and is strong( I didn't break or tear any pieces). I will definitely be using this product on my next guitar build. There is probably enough tape to do two telecasters with single coil pickups. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kreature review If your electric guitar is noisy and crackly then you need this tape to shield it, even with humbuckers my guitar was picking up noise, interference , I installed this copper tape and the only sound comin from my guitar is sweet sweet music, no more hum, noise, crackling etc. overall this was an excellent buy overallrating 5   lineend
name Papa review Great product! Easy to use and I was able to shield my entire Jazz Bass. It would have been nice to get a little more of it though, since this was JUST enough. overallrating 3   lineend
name Barron Family review Item is as described. You receive 3 felt picks, plus a bonus ant hill music pick. (mine was purple) Picks were defect free, but the bonus pick was noticeably dusty from the felt picks, which a clean moist cloth will easily fix. But because the picks were a bit dusty it could transfer to your instrument. None the less the picks make my uke sound louder but you may be hearing the pick a little bit. But over time this starts to disappear. The picks are pretty comfy to hold. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bubb Rubb review Too thick, no flexibility. Sounds really harsh and like it is ruining my ukulele strings. Tried on bass too, again with less than satisactory results. overallrating 1   lineend
name Carlos & Gloria Guerra review These picks are ok if you need them to be on the stiff side. I was looking for a semi-soft felt picks. overallrating 3   lineend
name CrochetGranny7 review  I bought these picks because the description said they were for the ukulele. I am having a hard time using the picks on my uke. I guess, I don't like the way the uke sounds when using them. It sounds too harsh because the picks are so stiff.But I am sure other people may disagree. As far as the quality and vendor delivery, I am happy and I have no complaints.I use the picks occasionally. Yes, I would recommend them to other uke players. I would like to let people know they are very stiff. I guess I thought being felt they wouldn't be so stiff. But I am new to playing an instrument, and I guess I just don't have much knowledge about picks. overallrating 3   lineend
name Electrosandwich review The picks work well with bass, but they are just too thick to use with ukulele. The pics also shed easily, making your instrument dusty in no time. overallrating 2   lineend
name Will Ramirez review I actually use these on my bass if my fingers are too worn from heavy playing, they have the same sound as a finger on a string, it is actually a really neat thing to have in my bag. I recomend trying one out some time. overallrating 5   lineend
name AF review  THis is a 5 star stand, considering the price. Sure, it's not as sturdy as one costing a lot more, but it does what it's supposed to do without any problems.  I don't forsee any mechanical issues because the construction seems solid enough.  It's a music stand, so I don't see how it would take a lot of abuse. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Garza review  I bought two of these, one for each of my sons (12 and 14). I wanted something sturdy that would stand the test of time and of boys that age. So far they seem awesome. They adjust easily, were easy to assemble and have a great weight to them. Definitely not a flimsy stand. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  Attaching hardware is a bit cheap but over all it is better than I expected.Bag was ripped so I almost lost the screw and washer.This will work fine for me I think. overallrating 4   lineend
name Andrew M. review I'd been shopping for a music stand at local music stores, all of them at the cheapest price for this type with a solid backside are $45 plus tax. This item including shipping cost me only about $23 here from Amazon, and the seller Musician's Friend sent it promptly, got it within 10 business days without any problems. I had no trouble putting the stand together without any instructions. The bolts aren't as easy to adjust compared perhaps to a more expensive stand, but I don't care about that. It's not hard to adjust, and most of the time I have it at a certain height, so no need to fiddle with it, but during a group performance, it did need to be adjusted for different people and that was ok but could be smoother. If you're someone who needs to fiddle with the stand height constantly you might want to get a higher priced one that makes that easier, but if you are only occasionally going to adjust the height, it's no big deal. Other than that, it is a solid and handy stand that meets expectations and does what it should, for 1/2 price off retail. Excellent. I'm completely satisfied with this. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bob Dillin review A great item for the price. Comes in two pieces and is easy to assemble. You only need to put in the two screws that attach the head to the stand. Each screw has a wing nut that you tighten by hand. It took me about 3 minutes to put together with no directions. It looks to be very solid and goes much higher than many other stands. Its also pretty lightweight and as I said the head comes off with two screws if you want to break it down for traveling. I am very satisfied with my purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name Captn' Bob review I bought this for my granddaughter to use at home for her flute practice.  Very sturdy and well made stand and adjusts very easily even for a 12 year old.  Should last her a very long time. overallrating 5   lineend
name dashreeve review The stand seems sturdy, the base is like a tripod base of a mic stand, so it may hold up better in the long run than my other stands that have the \"clamping\" type of base. The top of the stand is shorter than my others, not really a problem but worth mentioning. The only gripe I could have with the stand is that the top takes two screws and two wingnuts, so it is not practical to use for gigging / setting up / tearing down. I will leave this one in my studio and use the others for shows. For the price, very sturdy and seems to be nice quality. overallrating 4   lineend
name David J. Huber review  This is definitely a sturdy and well made stand - I have no fault with it about that. Solid materials, everything snaps and latches tightly. Good materials. Works just like it's supposed to.I have two complaints about it, though.1. The part that holds the music isn't as wide as other stands. I probably could have read the description and realized that, but I made the assumption that all stands are the same size. It's just wide enough to hold two regular sized pieces of paper. It will hold bigger things, of course, but the edges will go past the edge of the stand. So it works, but to me, it looks unprofessional to have the stuff leaking over the edges. The ledge is nice and wide, though, so it can hold some pretty thick stuff. But if you are using quite wide materials, especially if they are loose-leaf, you will want to look for a wider stand.2. Adjusting the height and tilt is difficult. To alter the height, one has to twist and untwist the tightening ring (like one finds on microphone stands). It doesn't just pull up or push down like the majority of music stands I've encountered in life. Adjusting the tilt requires untightening and tightening a wing nut on the back, which is a bit difficult to reach. Unlike every other music stand I've used that one can simply force into position. The good news of this is, though, that because everything is held in place with wingnuts or that tightening ring, everything stays right where one puts it. No slow sliding down in height, no slow tilting backwards.On the plus side, they are sturdy, and the feet can be retracted (is that the word?) so that they are parallel to the stand, making moving them around or stacking them up quite easy. I love the fact that the feet do this.These are excellent music stands. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dr Jay review  Sturdy, portable, and the little extra weight is worth the investment if you ever want to put a music book (rather than single sheet music) on your stand.  Those flimsy, backless music stands are worthless IMO, especially on a breezy evening.  My bandmates are upgrading to this stand as well and we primarily play indoors!  I guess at least one of us is a bit of a windbag. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jai review The music stand is similar to the stands used in schools.  This stand is durable, firm and easy to assemble. overallrating 4   lineend
name James Dulworth review This does exactly what a music stand is supposed to do, this thing is awesome!!! I love it... Thanks forsuch a great affordable product overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark review Needed a music stand of a certain width to fit in my gig bag.  This one fit perfectly.  It's adjustable and allows me to fit a clamp-on microphone boom arm.  Saves space at cramped gig sites.  Don't lose the wing nut, though.  It tends to fall off (since you must completely remove it to break the stand down for transport.  Not worth lowering to 4 stars, though. overallrating 5   lineend
name michaelht1 review heavy duty, pretty sturdy, finish is not the best in the world but it certainly does the job it was intended for, holds secure and adjusts easily overallrating 4   lineend
name Pegleg review Steady and stable with the lip to hold material without slipping off when turning pages and deep enough to set my metronome on it too. Easily adjustable, good finish, solid, much more stable than the folding ones. Just what I need. overallrating 5   lineend
name Raney review This is an all metal (exc. for the adjusting screw) stand, full-sizedfor 20 bucks.  Exceptional value!!  What more's to say? overallrating 5   lineend
name Robin Lopate review These stands are great for my lesson business.  I bought a couple of them and they are just the right height and weight. overallrating 4   lineend
name stefanj review Yea how could a music stand be amazing?  Well compared to those worthless folding portable pieces of junk- this is a godsent.  It actually hold by 500 song fake book (you know the one- that weighs about 10 pounds!). It stays where you set it and works wonderfully.  NO complaints! overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam review Works as expected. Clips onto pretty much any mic stand. The movable head is awesome. overallrating 5   lineend
name Danny Yu review I have this pop filter clamped onto myOn Stage Stands MS7701 Tripod Boom Microphone StandThe pop filter is double layered and spaced out fairly well. It provides at extra layer to reduce the p's, f's, t's, etc. It also is good for preventing moisture and spit from going into your precious microphone.Surprisingly, the gooseneck really does not make any noise when you move it. The gooseneck is sturdy. It is flexible yet stationary.This product does exactly what it intends to do with a quality build.Buy with confidence! overallrating 5   lineend
name Dapper Dan review This is a pop filter. It does a fantastic job at that. The plastic rings feel a little cheap, but that is just because they need to be lightweight. Ultimately, this is a great pop filter and the goose-neck is very strong but flexible. I would highly recommend this piece, as it also enforces a strong habit of stepping away from the microphone just a bit and not getting too close. overallrating 5   lineend
name isaiah review Works solid, looks solid, and had a good price. I would recommend it to anyone!I really like this pop filter. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark review This On Stage ASFSS6 GB Dual Screen Pop Filter performs great and makes me sound professional.  I particularly like the flexible gooseneck, which makes adjustments on target.Also, the filter arrived well packaged and in perfect order.  A well deserved 5 star rating for this affordable product. overallrating 5   lineend
name T review The gooseneck holds its position well when adjusted into place in front of the microphone.  Also, the clamp works well.  However, the gooseneck initially made some snapping sounds when flexing it - that now seems to be in the past, generally; perhaps, it's a tubing issue.I have yet to try the pop filter with my microphone. overallrating 4   lineend
name Barron Family review They sound pretty good. They tend to get un tuned pretty easily the first few days then they stay in tune for ages with minor adjustments. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bubb Rubb review I guess the tension on these is more than my uke was used to and when I put them on the neck became severely bowed after a day or two. Sounded lovely for the first hour, that's why two stars. Granted my uke is one of the cheaper lanikais, if you have a better built uke it might be able to take these but I simply can't recommend personally. overallrating 2   lineend
name Coolkayaker review  Bright tone.  If you have a dead sounding ukulele, as is sometimes heard in laminate ukes, or you want added volume, the Aquila strings are second to none.  There are other wonderful strings (Fremont flouros, Worths, etc.), but Aquilas remain the pinnacle of affordability and enhanced sound.  If you own a less expensive ukulele (under $300) and it came with \"no-name\" factory strings, or strings known to be of lesser caliber than the Aquilas (strings such as Martin, GHS, etc.), please just try a set of Aquilas, and you will hear a major difference.  There are internet videos showing the painstaking process of making these Nylgut strings in an old factory, owned by a middle aged couple, in Italy.Winners. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. P. Hendrix review The absolute best strings money can buy for a uke.  Installed on a cheapo soprano, they helped a lot, but they won't do magic.  Good luck. overallrating 5   lineend
name CrochetGranny7 review  I have a cheap soprano ukulele and it came with plastic strings?  I put Aquila strings on it and now it sounds so good. It is amazing what difference the strings can make. I have 3 ukuleles in different sizes and they all have Aquila strings. Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Darren review I only have a low-cost Mahala ukulele so I wasn't expecting much of an improvement when I replaced the stock Nylon strings, (after watching several Youtube videos showing me how to do it). I was wrong. These strings sound much better - the sound is much brighter and &#34;cleaner&#34; than the nylon strings my ukulele was supplied with when new. The Aquila strings took about 30 minutes of continuous playing and stretching until they settled and now they stay tuned for long periods. My ukulele now sounds wonderful for such a cheap instrument and is limited only by my clumsy fingers. I would definitely recommend these strings to any uke player looking to replace their stock nylon strings with something better. overallrating 5   lineend
name Daryl J. Healey review  A perfect sounding string!  The crisp ring these strings give is undeniable, they are the best you can get.  Your uke is going to come with crappy strings, change them to Aquilas!! overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Oliver review My first Kala Ukulele had these strings on it from the factory and I've never switched brands.  Everywhere you read, these are the strings to have! overallrating 5   lineend
name Electrosandwich review What else can be said about Aquila? High priced Ukuleles have them standard for a reason, they are simply the best. Even if you have a very cheap ukulele, adding these strings can turn a toy uke into something that wont embarrass you. I use Aquila and Martin strings in my ukuleles, the Aquila for most performances, and the Martins for those songs that require a faster strum pattern or a more traditional &#34;Hawaiian&#34; sound, as the Aquilas are a tad heavier than Martin. Even if this if you only have one ukulele, and you won't for long, you can't go wrong with these strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jon review As a guitar player, I recently (march 2013) started to play the uke.  I bought these strings to replace the set that came on the instrument.  These string play good and stay in tune pretty well.  I will buy again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jorge Barbarosa review  Best Ukulele strings I have found to date.  And I've been playing stringed instruments and uku's for quite a while now.  I like 'em. overallrating 5   lineend
name KAY ADAMS review I BOUGHT THESE FOR THE SOPRANO UKULELE I BOUGHT FOR MY LITTLE GREAT NIECE.  I DON'T NEED TO USE THEM MYSELF.  I ALSO HAVE THE SAME QUALITY STRINGS ON MY BARITONE UKULELE.  THE STRINGS ARE VERY GOOD. IF YOU HAVE A INEXPENSIVE UKULELE, THE USE OF THESE STRING SHOULD IMPROVE THE QUALITY OF THE TONE OF YOUR INSTRUMENT.  IF YOU ATTACH THE NEW STRINGS CAREFULLY, THE TIME FOR THEM TO SETTLE DOWN AND STAY IN TUNE SHOULD NOT TAKE VERY LONG.. overallrating 4   lineend
name LBrandst129 review  Everywhere I go, anytime I hear 'ukulele', I also hear 'Aquila strings.'  I've tried several different uke strings for both my soprano and my concert ukes, and I've got to say, these are not my favorites.  I think the sound these strings produce are overly bright, a little squeaky and they don't seem to allow for smooth transitions from chord to chord in my opinion.  At least for the two ukes I have, these strings did nothing for their tone.  I much prefer the Martin Clear Flurocarbon strings! overallrating 3   lineend
name Michael Livote review  Theres a reason why so many uke manufacturers supply these strings as standard on their best ukes...they are simply the best there is for a fair price. The sound brightens up and amplifies even the most dull sounding uke, and allows for a smooth experience once stretched properly. Not much more can be said about these awesome strings...stop reading this and order them! :-) overallrating 5   lineend
name Norm review Worth every penny. Great sound and stays in tune. Will definitely make any uke sound great. I replaced the stock strings on a MAKALA DOLPHIN with these and it sounds like a more expensive uke. They are easier on the fingers and stay in tune much better than the cheap strings that came with the uke. Definitely would recommend these. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard review  had no trouble putting them on or getting them in tune,  great addition to any uku bag, i would recommend them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Yakov Hadash review Fantastic sound -- just trust what everyone on here is saying -- if you buy these strings and slap em on a cheap ukulele, you will have bought yourself hundreds of hours of playing and fun! overallrating 5   lineend
name Aaron review  I have one setting that I like, and the only button or knob I use is to turn it on or off. Would never use it to record, but for the price it is 100% an awesome choice! Totally sufficient for a live situation if your amp doesn't have reverb, or you just want to easily turn reverb on or off. overallrating 5   lineend
name carvinone review  sounds great.  Love the sound of this pedal but a few quirks.  It does not work well with a daisy chain power supply.  with this set up the second channel will distort a bit.  Forget batteries. They last 5-10 minutes.  With its own power supply sounds amazing esp when one takes in to consideration the price overallrating 4   lineend
name cassandra tu review  Reverb effects are no cheap but I was on a budget so I got this particular one. The balance between quality and price is good. The depth of  sound sounds great. I love all the options you get with this pedal.  The package comes with a bunch of stickers which I thought was kind of cool. overallrating 5   lineend
name cvmaparadog review My newest amp (the Marshall JVM410 Joe Satriani) replaced the reverb with noise gates...a function I absolutely love. But then I needed a reverb pedal. Honestly, there are more expensive pedals out there, but this will do exactly what they do for a lot less money. Give it a try. I've been using it for a few weeks and I'm extremely happy with it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dennis M review I have 6 amps. One of which is a good tube amp, but with digital reverb. It fails to sound right. So. I researched reverb pedals and found the Biyang RV-10 Tri Reverb to be the best in design, tone, and value on the market. I was not wrong. Have had this unit for well over a month now and it still is amazing in how it produces just what was lacking with that one amp's pitiful excuse for reverb.This device, with it's three different reverb settings, is just right for any style music you play. The spring setting is really quite real in how it trails off and that doesn't happen in a digital device. Analog has that warmth that the digital fails to produce. The hall setting is wonderful. Rich, but not too over powering. The A/B switch is kinda a nice touch. Much like a bright switch or a presence enhancer. And the fact that it is stereo both in and out is just icing on the cake.Since it resides on my board, I have grown to use it even with amps I have that are built with good reverb. I'm so acustom to the great sound of the Biyang that I just use it for nearly every amp I own. It's that good. overallrating 5   lineend
name GunHawk review I sure wish I could afford a Fender Twin Reverb with the old spring reverb...but I don't have the funds, and I don't have the back to lug one of those around anymore. So my Baby Boom does the trick!! It's close enough for my needs! overallrating 5   lineend
name Home in NJ review Didn't want to spend $150 for a reverb so gave this a try. Nice unit. Recreates spring reverb very accurately. Playing through a 333 tube amp and it sounds like the spring amp in my Fender. For the price you can't go wrong. overallrating 5   lineend
name Josh Koterba review I ordered one of these bad boys on a whim. It's definitely the best verb it's price range. You can dial in some pretty lush tones.It has a 3 way toggle, that changes it from hall, spring and room verbs.There'd is also an a/b switch that is almost a tone mode. A is bright and in your face, and B is very lush and ambient.Using these settings you can go from electro harmonix holy grail to fender spring reverb.Also has a blend knob, which controls wet and dry signal mix, and time knob that controls, you guessed it reverb time and amount.Very versatile.This pedal is built with great construction, though the first one I received was faulty. All sorts of popping and weird stuff going on.The 2nd one works flawlessly. Seems very durable, switch and jacks are quality.I highly recommend getting a 1spot or 9v adapter b/c this thing drains batter power FAST, though all modulation pedals do.This pedal does not suck tone, and is true bypass, though I wish this wasn't, as I wish reverb trails were avail after the effect was turned off.For &lt; $75 shipped I certainly can't complain.If you have any hesitations on the Biyang stuff, I definitely recommend it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Reaperman review Nice reverb. Can get all of the reverb sounds you want. Got to play with it but I got dialed in easy overallrating 5   lineend
name Scottro review I've been using it for nearly a year now. I was going to buy the Boss RV-5 when I somehow discovered Biyang. I had never heard of them, but at 1/3 the price of the Boss AND stereo Ins and Outs, I gave it a try and I haven't looked back. The 3 modes are nice. I leave mine set on hall because I've never liked spring reverb, but the spring setting on this pedal does sound exactly like a spring reverb. The decay time in any mode is more than enough for probably anybody, and I can say the same for the blend control. Overall, this is a great pedal with lots of sounds that will suit just about any style of playing. More than enough decay and wetness. Seems well-built. I've since bought other Biyang pedals and I have never had any issues like other reviewers have stated. I'm not ashamed of having Chinese clones on my board. In fact, I highly recommend Biyang whenever somebody asks about it. overallrating 5   lineend
name SRR review  Well I didn't expect much due to the price... But trust me this thing is really good...I've tried EH nano grail. I own the holier grail.  I've heard the boss verbs. And I really like this one. Save your money this pedal is good enough...I'll make a video and post it soon... overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review This is actually my first experience with a Biyang pedal.  I heard good things about the build quality, but didn't end up with a Biyang until I needed a reverb pedal.  Turns out that reverb is a relatively expensive effect to find in a compact pedal.  Most of the popular options or $100 and up.At around $59.99, the Tri-Reverb has a distinct advantage in price, but don't underestimate its quality.  As some other reviewers noted, the reverb can get EXTREMELY deep and lush, if you so desire.  I found myself with the \"Blend\" and \"Time\" knobs around 30% for a practical spring reverb.  There's a multi-switch for Hall, Spring, and Room.  There are subtle differences between the three, but I'd be lying if I said they sounded dramatically different.  The A/B switch isn't well explained, but if you're in \"A\" mode, the effect is much more dramatic.  I found that operating in \"B\" mode was similar to the type of reverb I had enjoyed on my amps.  (Note: it has a stereo input and output, but I only use one Input/Output, so I can't comment on that).At the end of the day, it's a fairly simple \"always-on\" effect, and the Biyang does the job without costing a fortune.  But what makes it 5-star worthy in my book are the little pieces of attention to quality.  Having a thumb mini-screw to open the 9V compartment (instead of a plastic door or needing a Phillips screwdriver) is a big deal.  Also love that the 9V jack is on the top of the unit, away from the other jacks.  The pots are smooth and easy to turn, and the mini-switches and footswitch are \"boutique\" level quality.  This is a great reverb pedal - I don't think I'll ever need another one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bookenator review I just picked up a Pod HD500 and I love it. Of course a couple days later they announced the HD500x, but it doesn't look like they've made any major changes. Anyway, if you're thinking of getting one, here are my thoughts, in no particular order: This thing is versatile. You can use it in a number of different ways. Just as an effects board with 8 customized effects, with effects and amp sims, as a midi controller, and as a recording interface, to name a few Line 6 gave you access to the guts. Everything is tweakable, assignable, and flexible. They trust their users to read the freaking manual. I'm amazed at how much you can customize this thing to suit your needs. Want the foot pedal to control the feedback level on the delay? No problemo! For live performance, this thing would be perfect. It allows you to organize your presets in \"Set Lists\" and name everything whatever you want. You can change between banks of patches easily and change between the patches themselves. While not all the effects are my cup of tea (in particular, some of the distortions sound too harsh to my ear) there are enough options to make anyone happy. For example, I love the distortion I get from the tube compressor with the drive turned up. The built in looper goes forward, backward, half speed, before effects, after effects. Fantastic!  It's built like a tank. Metal exterior, everything feels solid and like it will last longer than I willIf you've got the cash and need a solid array of effects for live performance, take a look at these and the new 500x version. Just buying a handful of the actual pedals this simulates (not to mention the amps) would cost you more money, assuming you could even find some of the vintage ones. Truly a great piece of gear! overallrating 5   lineend
name Brendon review I've had several PODs and have never really been impressed with their tone. Right out of the box, the HD 500 totally blew me away. I know their marketing calls it \"HD\" because of the added tonal characteristics, and it's true - there is a huge difference between the HD series and the older PODs. I can't really say why they sound better, but to my ears the amp models sound significantly better than the older PODs without much tweaking and NO EQing (although one can tweak the tone with several EQs).One complaint with the older PODs (that I agree with) was that one could never seem to get a great high gain tone. This is not the case with the HD 500. I've been able to get some great high gain tones out of it without much work.At first, I purchased theLine 6 POD HD 300because I didn't see the value of the HD 500. After thinking about it, I decided to pick up the HD 500 and compare the two pedals. I definitely think the HD 500 is worth the extra cash, even for a hobbyist such as myself. There are extra controls on the looper, and extra record time. The wah pedal seems to be better constructed on the 500s (I could be wrong, but I DO remember them being different). The dual tone feature and flexible routing options of the HD 500 are amazing. I'm sure I'm forgetting some differences, but I know I'm happy that I went with the HD 500 over the HD 300.The drivers seem to work great on both Windows 7 Pro 64-bit and Mac OS 10.6 (they have 64-bit Mac drivers now). The included software is OK - I get the feeling they are still building it out. It's a bit glitchy but seems to work OK for the most part. The software updater works great and I've already had a couple of firmware updates since I purchased the HD 500 (bug fixes). There is also a much anticipated firmware upgrade coming at the end of this month that will add six more amp models and several adjustable parameters that are supposed to really help dial in the correct \"tube amp feel and behavior\".I nearly purchased the M13 to plug into myFender Super Champ XD Electric Guitar Amplifier, but I noticed the HD 500 had the same number of effects PLUS amp modelling for the same price! I know the two pedals are designed for different purposes, but for me the HD 500 made much more sense. I can use it to practice with headphones, or plug into my amp as an effects pedal. To use it as an effects only pedal, one need only disable the amp modeling and set the output mode to match the appropriate amp setup. I also decided to test playing the HD 500 directly into aBehringer Eurolive B215D Active 550-Watt 2-Way PA Speaker System with 15-inch Woofer and 1.35-inch Compression Driver, which may replace my other amps as my primary rig (I get the Behringer today, so we'll see).The build quality over the POD X3 Live has improved. The case is now entirely metal vs. a combination of metal and plastic. I can definitely see this being heavy road/gig worthy. I also purchased aGator GK2110 Compact Keyboard Gig Bag, which fits the HD 500 (albeit very snugly).Overall I'm very happy with this setup, and recommend this amp modeler/effects pedal to anyone looking to practice at home (especially with headphones) on a wide variety of musical styles. overallrating 5   lineend
name Debon Panton review  I love my HD500. Got it a while back but have just started to explore it's capabilities. Sounds very very good and am happy about the fact that additional tones can be downloaded at their website. There are so many options, I spend hours just experimenting and trying different things. The possibilities are endless. Wonderful. I love it. Am sure you will too. ENJOY!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name James Limborg review  The Line 6 POD HD500 has too-much compression even with the compression effect turned off.  If you want your guitar to sound like Eddie Van Halen, Joe Satriani and other guitarists studio album guitar sound, then I recommend getting the BOSS GT-10 and installing BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  Search Google for BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg. overallrating 3   lineend
name P. Hamm review  Before we get started, I am more \"pro\" than amateur. I work at a church as a pastor of Worship Arts and use this in my work. But I hesitate to say I'm only \"pro\ because \"amateur\" means you do something purely for the love of it... and I feel that way about music... So...First... the models I've tested are far and away more realistic to my ears than other modelers I've used, which includes Logic Studio's amps (these sound almost as good btw), POD X3Live and XTPro (the HD models are noticeably better... and the fizz is GONE GONE GONE), the original POD and 2  (which sounded the same to me and made me happy at the time), and the ToneLab SE (which I missed for a while, but not anymore).I made a few patches for one of my guitars based on having a Bassman 4x10 alongside the Dr. Z, and it is the coolest sound I've ever made with this guitar... easily. Better sounding, to my ears, than the real amps I've been using (maybe because I put them off stage and don't run them very loud). I ADORE the sound of this unit.Oh, and as always... forget about all the pre-sets. They're probably all as useless as you imagine they might be.Now the bad news. And it's significant... for some...First off, editing is clunky like it was on the XT and X3Live. Just forget about trying to use the display. Connect to a computer... Seriously. When you start from an init patch, you only get lucky, it seems, to manage to coax it into \"two amp\" config...Next, The functionality of this unit is exaggerated by it's specs. You will almost certainly NOT be able to do 8 FX at once the way you're thinking. Why? Let's say you use an XT or a X3. think about what you're used to.You start with 8 FXSubtract effect banks for...1. volume pedal (you need to use an effect bank). You might be able to use an analog pedal, but I like my volume after my compressor... so I have to do it in the loop I guess...2. FX loop (only works with an effect bank... Line6, is there any way you can make this always active in a firmware upgrade? Seems like you could.)3. Noise Gate (used to be always available... don't worry if you mix this with the M13 as I plan to do, though, as the M13 has a great gate). I mostly use clean or just barely broken-up amps, so I might be able to skip this.4. Wah (this is always available and active in the X3 and below).5. Post-EQ. The X3Live had a final EQ before final output that I liked a lot. in addition to all the other FX, too. You need to dedicate an FX bank now.SO... you might only have 3FX left. For me, put in a clean boost and tube drive (which I think sound better in this box than they did in the M13. Probably because they're \"digitally part of the signal\" is all I can think) and a verb for the amp. No slots left. What if you need delay and modulation? EEK! I have to re-think the way I use FX in this box. Still evaluating how that will work for me.What if you're a guy like me who was using the X3Live (occasionally) as a one-box solution for a dual-voice guitar. (All my guitars have piezo bridges.) No dice.I will have to use an acoustic preamp. No matter. I have one. I will probably dedicate a \"null\" amp to bring this signal into the unit and mix it.In addition, there aren't as many computer-recording routing options as the X3Live, and the SUPER-sweet ability to switch between two FX chains in one patch (instead of switching programs) is gone. As far back as my old Vox ToneLab SE, I could literally switch channels from one amp/cab to another in the same FX chain. You could do something similar on the X3Live. Not here. Also... Line 6, why on earth can't you make the Midi in and out work as a USB Midi interface with this unit? How complicated can that really be?In short... the X3Live has significantly... SIGNIFICANTLY more flexibility imho than this unit, for many of us at least, and ought not to have been discontinued imho. For some of you, it's still a viable option.You also still might need your other FX!I thought it might be possible that this unit, even if I needed to use my AG Stomp for my acoustic side again (which I'm happy to do) would bump my M13 off the stage. It did not at first, but after a while, I did indeed get rid of the M13, and don't miss it.. That said, I think from what I'm hearing that some of the FX (especially the dirt pedals) work FAR better inside this box than they do in the M13 when you connect it to a POD or amp.My favorite patches so far that I've made (which use the Bassman model and the UNBELIEVABLE Dr. Z model... far and AWAY my favorite amp model EVAH!) don't leave any room for modulation or other special FX. (I'm not a \"switch whole patches on the fly\" guy. I turn FX off and on.) But after a bit of tweaking and patch-making, I discovered that for my sounds, I didn't need dual amp chains that often, so I have all my flexibility back...So am I complaining about these limitations? No. Because the sound of this unit is so extraordinary. I'd take off a full star for this shortcoming, but the fact is the unit sounds good enough that I can't do it.There will, at some point, I hope, be a next-generation of this technology which will possibly address some of the usability shortcomings, but I have to say, for this price, I am totally satisfied with the sound!In the meantime, am I willing to trade the flexibility of my former rig for the sound of this one? Heck yes, it sounds that good. I even love the models of amps I know I'll never use for the first time ever.... And after a few months of experimenting, I was able to make patches that completely worked for my two-voice guitar stuff... with NO additional outboard gear if I didn't want. So I've simplified to where I wanted to, and no longer feel like I'm really compromising anything.So... started with a rig consisting of the HD500, and sometimes an M13, and an acoustic preamp (currently a Yamaha AG-Stomp) mixed in with the HD signal through the aux input. I've now gotten to the point where I can do everything I want, if I need, without the additional pedals, and I sold the M13. I kept a few analog pedals and such that I just like, but rarely take them out of the house anymore.I'm only nit-picking so that you will know all the trade-offs. For what I have been fantasizing about, basically an M13 in form and function with a handful of amp models shoved in the box, this is as close as we're probably going to come. And, did I mention... the SOUND! It's seriously great!UPDATE! I have learned that I will indeed have no problem replacing my M13 as well, and sold it off. I thought I'd miss it, but I don't.UPDATE! As of February 2012, I have supplemented this product with a black James Tyler Variax JTV59 (Korean), and it's a marriage made in heaven! If you are going to go with this product, and if you are looking for a new guitar, check out the new Variaxes. Totally amazing. overallrating 5   lineend
name RJ review You'll see much controversy about this device if you read the line 6 forum. My own opinion about this is \"I Love it\". I play the guitar privately (not live in public) and I have no complaints at all. I still use it all the time and learn something new everyday. overallrating 5   lineend
name Wynn review  For any usable tones while playing live, the best bet is to plug it into a tube power amp. Direct to mixer or running it through a solid state amp is very uninspiring.I didn't like the recorded tones either, much rather preferred Amplitube 3 if micing a real tube amp wasn't an option.That being said, it is good for practice and song writing. Used this for more than a year and finally sold it! That's the other thing with items like this, they lose value real quick once the next version comes out. overallrating 2   lineend
name Ian Wells review I needed a new microphone cable due to my son destroying the last one so this decided to invest more in a higher quality cable. This GLS Mic cable is working well. The build quality appears good and should be much harder for my son to break. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Puentes review GLS continues to supply top quality cables at a reasonable price. I have been happy with all my purchases from GLS to date and will continue to use them whenever the need arises. overallrating 5   lineend
name meongski review I've been using GLS cable for years now and I never had a problem with it. They're good quality cable and will go a long way if you will take care of it. overallrating 5   lineend
name T review I've only need to use this a couple of times and it worked well.  The cover is supple and easy to coil. overallrating 5   lineend
name windowshopper review i have only used it a couple of times but the cable works.  it is what i expected it to be. overallrating 4   lineend
name Coolkayaker review  s on Amazon). I own other Herc stuff, and it's all ideal, and for a few bucks more, I could have had that lifelong-use stand instead of this one.  Oh, well, for once, I got cheap.  And got burned for it.All in all, not great, this tiny stand.  One stand fits NOT all.  Perhaps a violin or something would be better on this stand, but I think the general shape of it is less than ideal for most instruments.  You may think you can bend the lower forks, but it's hard to do, will require a vice, and if you see on the Amazon pictures, the lower fork just sits in two plastic grooves, so if you splay it out like it should be, you'll change the way it fits in the grooves, and thus it won;t work at all.  It's just an imperfect design. My take on it, your mileage may vary.  Bye bye. overallrating 2   lineend
name Cooper the Beagle review At the time I bought, was $16.  Mine arrived broken, so it had gone back.  Reality is that it is not that good regardless of mine being broken.  Not upset about that - stuff happens.  It is just not a good stand.  Light construcion, unstable (topples easily) and a likely candidate to be broken if dropped.  The 'protective' materails on the stand to keep product from scratching your instrument are the soft, shiny runner like materail and it 'sticks' to my instrument's neck.  So I pick up uke and I get a stand until the stickiness is seprated by gravity.  Happened every time.  Yes, I tried out the stand even though broken, and it proved to be a bad choice.  Back it has gone.  5 stars to Amazon's return policy, thouh! overallrating 1   lineend
name Daryl J. Healey review  This stand does its job quite well.  The only problem I can foresee anyone having, is there are no instructions on the proper way to unfold it.  It's not a difficult problem to solve though, so be patient and all will work out.     Update    I just want to add that the seller of this item went above and beyond, as far as customer service.  I have nothing but praise for them! overallrating 5   lineend
name debi review This stand is useful for small instruments..fits my tenor uke and violin just fine.  Any bigger than that, and the piece that holds the neck becomes too small (like a baby martin guitar), etc.  Hope this helps overallrating 5   lineend
name Doug review Just recieved my stand. It fits the mandolin perfect,It also fits my wifes Ukelele--- So I ordered a second one this morning. Its made very well. Is compact once its folded up. The price was  awesome.I totaly recomend this stand for anyone that has a small stringed insterment. Thank -you so much overallrating 5   lineend
name Bobby L. Tefft review I played the Wedding March at my son's outdoor wedding back in April and I needed an amp so folks would be able to hear me.  I plugged in my Martin HD-28 and all went well.  The Martin has an Fishman Infinity Pickup (narrow style) in it and together with the pickup, this amp put out a real sweet sound.  As I said, the wedding was outdoors and everyone complimented me on the Wedding March, so I know they heard me - and I didn't even have to crank up the volume.In my den, when I practiced, I barely raised the volume, else it would have been WAY too loud.  So, in short, I'd buy it again. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cali gadget guy review  Do not let the size of this little amp fool you.  I have used Roland and Fender amps and PA's.  I heard a buddy preforming with this with a drummer and bass and went and bought it the next day.  I use it for my small solo gigs.  But it will cover a good size room also.  Great vocal and guitar sounds.  I can't believe what can come out of a six and half inch speaker now a days.  JUST AMAZING.  I have cut the amount of equipment considerably that I need to do a gig anymore. It wont break the bank and it wont break your back. overallrating 5   lineend
name Don Daze review I am mostly happy with this amp, it sounds great for my acoustic amplification needs.  With that said, when I was shopping around for an amp, both online and in person, ALL the amps I tried and read about (both very expensive and very cheap amps) had one characteristic in common, which is missing from this one, and which I thought was universal: it doesn't allow you to connect a headphone for private practicing, I had to purchase a headphone amp separately, wasn't expecting that.This may seem a nit pick, but considering the universality of this feature, you are best advised to know it is not present in this amp.  Other than that, this is a great amp.  I could see myself making a recording in a small to medium venue with it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Humbrecht review Nice little acoustic amplifier that gets the job done with high fidelity and sufficient volume.  Numerous reviews posted on Amazon, Sweetwater Sound, and Musician's Friend pages and the positive ones pretty much all hit the mark.  This is 60W mini-PA that amplifies your guitar nicely and reproduces vocals beautifully- if you have a quality mic.  There are 'package' sets with this amp by other sellers on Amazon that bundle cables and mics, et cetera... recommend steering away from that and just buying the amp from Amazon and getting a Shure SM58 (or other quality mic) seperately.Many reviews talk about the durability and how easy the amp is to ding and scratch cosmetically.  I see potential for that, too- thus the need for a carry bag mentioned below.  But I don't see this as a big downer and I personally don't mind if it takes on a road worn appeareance after bumping it a few times.  If appearance is your thing, shell out the extra $200 and buy a Roland or Fender...Shop around... click around... if you buy &#34;items sold from Amazon&#34; you can depend on Free Shipping.  If you buy from sellers THROUGH Amazon you will usually pay shipping and the overall pricetag will be bigger.  And as I've stated on other reviews, other sellers that sell through Amazon sometimes ship slower or make mistakes with shipping... so know that going in.  On your major music retailers' sites this baby is going for $360 to $380.  Got it to my door for $304.  I really can't say enough about the ease of shopping, trustworthiness, and quick delivery of items sold by Amazon.  5 stars just for service... the fact that the Amp is awesome makes it that much better.You probably won't be able to find a carry case that fits this amp, but I bought the 'Singer Black universal Sewing Machine Tote' for just over $20 and it's perfect.  It fits the mini snugly, with room for odds and ends like cables and mics and maybe a few small pedals.  With my current setup I can walk in the room carrying the whole shebang in two hands, and that's really neat.  The closest 'amp case' would be $100 1x12 combo case that won't fit right and would take away from the whole portability thing.You're not going to find 20 lbs and $300 worth of quality amp anywhere else.  When compared to other makers (Fender/Roland) nothing gets the consistently good reviews that this little guy gets, and I understand why.  Recommend without hesitation!  And as with all my reviews if something goes wrong down the road I'll edit the review to share.  But I expect that this amp will meet my needs for a long time to come... overallrating 5   lineend
name John Wade Long Jr. review  Now, this is one GREAT piece of kit. Two chanels, 60 watts RMS (real power), and super control over the sound of each channel. Only complaint? IT'S BUH-TUGLY! Sickly brown... cheesy looking. If she was my prom date, I'd put a sack over her head (yeah, well, not that I'm another George Clooney or anything). overallrating 5   lineend
name P.K. Frary review  Acoustic guitar amps have more in common with stereo systems than traditional electric guitar amps: neutral full-range sound (rather than crunch & distortion), high power ratings for clean tone, full range speaker system with woofer and tweeter and sensitive preamp inputs optimized for the low output of piezo pickups. Unfortunately for me, acoustic amps tend to be optimized for steel-strings and rarely get classical guitar tone right, even with dial diddling. As a dedicated nylon-string player, I'm always looking for the holy grail of amps. Is the Mini sent from heaven?PIEZO TONE: I jacked in my Takamine LTD2012 Classical and Hirade TH8SS (classicals with Cool Tubes preamps) and with tone controls set flat and had my ears pinned back with shockingly powerful output. The master volume was barely cracked but this little guy is loud and muscular. Unfortunately, that big sound wasn't natural and sounded closer to an electric guitar than a classical: big bass, bright lower trebles, weak mids, quacky tone and compressed. Obviously, under-saddle piezo pickups are no studio mic but it should sound better than this. So I diddled the controls and it improved a bit but I couldn't dial in a pleasing tone. The best timbre with my Hirades was bass-11:00, mid-3:00 and treble-9:00 (clock face orientation).Some acoustic guitar amps allow the tweeter to be disabled and I suspect the Mini's overly bright tone would benefit from cutting that little guy from the circuit. As a point of comparison, Cool Tube piezo pickup tone from my 21 year old Trace Elliot TA50R is much more natural, complex and sustained. Cool Tube piezo tone from my SHEN-CPK-8T is drop-dead gorgeous. Perhaps these other amps have additional processing to naturalize and de-piezo the tone? They cost more than the Mini so they gotta earn their keep somehow.I plugged in my mid-1990s Trace Acoustic TAP-1 preamp into the Mini and was able to dial in better tone, albeit still not as good as my ancient TA50R. I also tested my Fishman Aura Spectrum D.I. and it rendered more natural classical tone. So you can get decent classical guitar tone if you're willing to carry another box to your gig.REVERB: The single program digital reverb makes amp timbre brighter and harsher sounding, even when mixed in sparingly. Wish this amp had an effects loop as any budget half rack unit will sound better.MIC TONE: I don't normally use a mic for casual gigs but this is feature is handy when you need to mic a friend or blend in a small internal mic for extra ambience. The Mini lacks phantom power so I installed a battery in my Shure 849 condenser mic, set tone controls flat and was greeted with surprisingly natural mic tone. I also tried my ancient Shure SM57 dynamic mic with similar good results, albeit that mic needed a little treble cut. As a point of comparison, the Mini whips my TA50R good in terms of mic output and tone.APPEARANCE & BUILD: The Loudbox looks more attractive than the pictures. And it is much lighter and slightly smaller than my TA50R. If you drag it to gigs you'll find the exterior delicate: the vinyl material and underlying wood are easily damaged by gentle pressure from straps and carts. It's the most delicate amp I've owned.FINAL BLURB: My feelings about this amp are mixed. For value and use as a wee PA it's a 5 star deal. For under saddle pickup classical guitar amplification it works but is far from natural: compressed dynamics, bright lower highs (even at full treble cut) and the dreaded piezo quack. So 2 stars for classical guitar reproduction. The Fishman Aura Spectrum D.I. or similar acoustic guitar processor does significantly improve tone, but that's another 2 or 3 bills. Unfortunately, straight out of the cardboard, the Loudbox is not ready for for primetime nylon string reproduction. I suspected the Mini was optimized for steel-string guitar tone, so I borrowed a friend's Takamine EF341S and I was right: steel-string reproduction is significantly better than nylon-string. All in all, the Mini packs a lot of punch for 3 bills and just may be the best buck to tone ratio deal for a novice coffee house artist. overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review It definitely changes the sound of my Classical Guitar for the better (Pavan TP-30).  It allows the the bass notes to have distinct upper note harmonics/partials and it takes away the boominess of the fundamental.  My initial thought was that it did away with the \"blurriness\" of the low bass to mid-range response and balanced the entire spectrum of the guitar's range.  Amazing what a $20 piece plastic can do.  Highly recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bum-Ki Cho review Actually, it was really easy to install..i just losen 6,5,4,3 string and just put it in and it was over!i felt volume coming out from sound hole is bigger than beforebut tone, i don't know.. maybe im dumb enough to not notice overallrating 4   lineend
name Charles Casterline review I use to have a guitar that sounded horrible with this thing in there. It was a pain to take out, too. However, it got a new lease on life with my new guild guitar. It did stop feedback issues and sounded somewhat better overall. I had to cut part of it for the volume and tone control which is located in the sound hole. Something you might want to think about before getting one of these. overallrating 3   lineend
name Gustavo Posada review For years I have fell more and more in love with my Yamaha CGX-111SC. Stil, nylon acoustic guitars have this weird sound when played on open spaces without using the piezo (note: change to a better piezo system, LR Baggs are great!), high notes were lost in the thin air covered by the lower notes. I wanted to experiment with this item... result: GREAT!!! I finally got to listen to what I use to heard from the recordings at controlled environments. The sound is richer and clarity makes unique. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hayden review Let me first start off with the sizing. When they say \"Fits Soundholes from 33.75\" - 35\"\ they really mean it.You are going to have a hard time trying to fit it even if it is 1/16\" smaller than the specifications.I know I did. My friend's Oscar Schmidt 3/4 sized guitar was just that much smaller and it did not fit well. The edges did not \"catch\" completely  and it looks terrible.My classical guitar had a similarly sized soundhole but because of the much wider fretboard at the edge of the soundhole, it did not fit at all. You could try cutting the edges off the Oport at the fretboard.The main issue is the sound.Yes, it does make the sound fuller when you are strumming, slightly but enough to tell.However, it does so at the expense of the sustain and harmonic overtunes.Fingerpicking just does not sound as nice as before, even though the guitar is noticeably better on the bass notes.For me, that does not justify it.A simple bone saddle does way better than this and it cost less.Another thing I found out was what was Amazon does to stuff others return - they resell as brand new if it looks brand new.The packaging on mine came slightly torn and looked as if it had been opened. Does it matter? In practical terms, no, not for this sort of item.I guess that is how Amazon keeps their prices low yet with good customer service and return policies. overallrating 2   lineend
name kgbak review This is great but I needed an actual sound-hole cover.  I bought this along with the Planet Waves Screeching Halt sound-hole cover.  Though only using it for a short time I did notice the bottom end seemed more focused. overallrating 4   lineend
name Luckystar review While the sound improvement is not huge with my guitar, it didn't need to be. When it comes to music, it is&#34; that little extra&#34; that makes the difference. The Planet Waves O-Ports gives me that extra. I have no doubt it will continue to please me for many,many years to come. overallrating 5   lineend
name RazzSpew10 review  This does what it says it does. Anything is better than the rubber plug that was in the soundhole. This is easy to install, I just losened the strings and inserted the o port. My Washburn D-30S will never leave home without one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert review I installed one on my Larrivee D10E which created a more focused and pleasing bass response and reduced feedback when amplified. I then tried one on my Breedlove Custom Revival OM with poor results. I believe the Breedlove's inherent bass response conflicts with what the oport is supposed to accomplish. In both cases, I had to cut slots for my pickup controls which takes a little time and care  to do neatly. I think , for 20 bucks it is worth a shot, but don't expect miracles. overallrating 3   lineend
name smi6375 review - Put this on a Gibson J-45. It did increase the bass (OK, as that's not a J-45's strength) but it ruined the wonderful clarity and balance these guitars have. Also took off a little of the finish on the sound-hole when I removed it.- Tried it on a Martin D-28. Nope. The bass got muddier, which is definitely the  wrong  way to go with a Martin.- At this point, was going to return it, but finally tried it on a small body. Now THIS worked GREAT. Louder, focused and projects much better - almost resonator-like. Fantastic for slide or capo'd high. That's it's home now.So...An O-Port can help a guitar that needs help - a small body or cheap guitar. In my sample of 2, it made high-end guitars sound worse. If you can't afford a better guitar, may be worth a try. But, be careful, as it did chip off some finish on at sound-hole. overallrating 3   lineend
name TerranautX review  Perhaps it may do something of worth for you but if you have one of the finer made guitars this will probably do more to subtract than add to the sound. Be advised that I did not use it in front of a microphone where perhaps the shape of this internal plastic cone might do something you like in directing the sound to a mike. As strictly an issue of natural acoustics, I found it deflected sound in a way that seemed to decrease my guitar's output and resonance. I have an Aria AD-80 which is a very well-made Chinese attempt at cloning a Martin D-42. It can not compete with the real Martin but for the money I paid it was a great buy and it is known as a \"sound canon\" for it's great natural volume. Adding the O-Port deadened the lows. It just didn't provide any plus at all anywhere else. It is however pretty inexpensive so if you're a nut for nuance and you want to try it for yourself it's not going to break your bank. But again, if you have one of the better makes of guitar where a real person \"voiced it\" in his or her manufacturing process, this plastic gizmo will likely subtract from that and not add anything. I'm an acoustic nut and I'd love to have a sound port in the side of my guitar to hear everything that goes on inside that box. The O-port seemed to \"corral\" the sound and shoot it out that plastic horn not allowing me to hear some of the resonance of the sound bouncing back off the back and sides below the sound hole. Sorry to be a crab about it--I like Planet Waves stuff and they were very good to me personally in the \"Humidipak\" recall a few years back. But this product was a waste to me. overallrating 2   lineend
name TheMan review Not sure if it did improve my sound or not.  I have a fender dreadnought acoustic and I couldn't really tell that much.  Maybe just a little. overallrating 3   lineend
name Truthinadvertising review Very pleased with this item.  It really gives the guitar a richer mid sound and definitely picks up more of the bottom.  Definitely projects more of the sound from the sound hole. overallrating 5   lineend
name Captn' Bob review GREAT WORK MAT FOR ELECTRIC AND ACOUSTIC GUITARS AS WELL AS BASS AND STAYS AT MY WORKBENCH.  HOWEVER, I NEVER LEAVE IT ROLLED OUT UNLESS WORKING ON A GUITAR, TO MANY OTHER STRAY FRAGMENTS OF WHO KNOWS WHAT FLOATING AROUND IN MY WORKSHOP AND I DON'T WANT ANYTHING FALLING ON MAT THAT COULD POTENTIAL SCRATCH ONE OF MY BABIES! overallrating 5   lineend
name Debon Panton review  I used it to whenever I am changing guitar strings and whenever I am tuning and intonating my Fender Strat. The surface is perfect (no rolling away of screws, no scratching of the guitar shiny finish, perfect) overallrating 5   lineend
name jmhr review I wasn't sure what to expect, and the foam rubber was a bit of a let down, especially when I took it from the plastic. Very strong fumes, not too pleasant, but they dissipated in the basement overnight.Because of the fumes I was a little concerned about what the material might do to a wood finish.  I was happy to see that there was no apparent smudging or marking after two hours.  I wouldn't leave it on anything \"finished\" for longer than that because this type of foam doesn't last forever and as it breaks down the residue can be hard to remove.  For now, it's great.It comes with a black nylon, sort of mesh tube shaped bag, good for putting it away or traveling.  For now I will just leave it as flat is possible so it doesn't curl so much.  For the size and utility, the price (which goes up and down) seems reasonable. overallrating 4   lineend
name John review I thought it would protect my desk but the pad is almost like that rubber they put under rugs so they won't slip around. maybe i should get that for cheaper.I accidently bought LARGE, ooh boy is it; like, windshield sun reflector size. Sort of just a personal opinion review i suppose. overallrating 2   lineend
name Larry review The mat is just the right size for your guitar when performing maintenance.  It is firm but is soft enough to protect the finish of your guitar.  Spills are easily wiped up and do not leave a stain on the mat. overallrating 5   lineend
name lee cardwell review I use this for working on my guitars mainly. It does the job well and is pretty large. It's very soft and padded as well as anti static. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sam Beckett review A nice work mat of adequate size that provides a nice non-static covering for the bench.  Grey color makes it easy to easy to see small parts, etc, as opposed to some black mats where black objects are hard to differentiate. overallrating 5   lineend
name 3rdtimer review It works but shut it down as soon as you are finished tuning up. It eats batteries like nothing this size I have ever seen. The swivel ball socket broke and I had to glue the arm into the remaining socket. Hmmm. overallrating 3   lineend
name aashish review very awesome item. really useful for tuning. haven't had any problems with it at all so far. Looks very nice overallrating 5   lineend
name A F&amp;T review My friend has commented on its bright color - \"you'll never lose that thing!\" I hope he's right cause I love this little tuner. Works well and easier to read than many of its competitors. overallrating 5   lineend
name AF review   - this thing can be a great training tool to learn the notes all over the neck. It picks up the note very quickly, and so it can be used very easily for that purpose, as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Mayse review the snark series of tuners are the best small tuners I have found, I have both the the SN-1 and SN-2 for my guitar and mandolin respectively, when buying be sure to get the correct one for the instrument you are going to use it on, if not sure which, get the SN-2 (red) one it generally will work for all instruments. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  Very very useful.  Like seriously, unless you are very very good, you can QUICKLY get a sharper tuning with a snark than you can by ear. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I bought this just to see what everyone was raving about.It's all true.This tuner works great!It is better than my Intelli 600, which I also like.The colors and lighting make it very easy to read.It has no problem with the low E string. Obviously more sensitive.The Intelli works, but sometimes you have to move it around to find a sweet spot for the low E.As with the Intelli, it is not affected by ambient noise.The only thing I find worse than the Intelli is the gooseneck. While it is very adjustable, the Intell folds flat which I really like.The Snark is well worth it's small price! overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  One of the best tuner's out there!!  It was shipped immediately and was in perfect working order!  Very happy with this purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amber review I bought it for my violin I was a bit reluctant because I uses vibrations to tune and I was hoping not to get something useless. Its been great so far. Its easy to use I clip it on my violin and tune I like to keep it on while I play to make sure I have my fingers in the correct spot as it shows the note I'm playing. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andy Clark review Has worked very well so far.  Need to make sure it is extremely quiet area when you tune but has worked well and easy to use. overallrating 5   lineend
name applegd07 review great tuner! it is very simple to use and the articulating head allows me to see better while tuning the guitar. i will buy another one of this. overallrating 5   lineend
name AT review I've had the same tuner for years. I decided to upgrade. I got this because it had alot of good reviews and it was fairly cheap. It tunes better than any tuner I've ever used. Worth every penny! overallrating 5   lineend
name barleypopmaker review  I used this on my bass, which up until recently I was trying to tune by ear. I had it close but it's the fine tuning that really helps. This tuner really opened my eyes to how much even being a little bit off can change the sound. I am a beginner so you gotta cut me some slack on that one. But the tuner was a snap to figure out and I had my bass tuned in less than a half hour. overallrating 5   lineend
name Barryd0927 review Awesome tuner ! spot on tuning , very bright display and super fast and easy to use ! this is a must have overallrating 5   lineend
name Bassman Al review   later if the replacement turns out not to work perfectly. overallrating 5   lineend
name bayou bob review good product, good service should be fine for years to come...i have one in my main guitar caseses..always close by. enjoy overallrating 4   lineend
name B review Accurate little accessory only works with guitars. It seems to me that this tuner works by sensing vibrations of things that it is in contact with. Only buy this if you intend to use it with a guitar. I don't know how effective this would be with other stringed instruments, or for uses other than tuning. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bienbenido Rodriguez review This was for a friend who plays guitar. He used it several times and said that he was satisfied with the results. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob. Oh, Bob. review I have nothing but good things to say about the Snark SN-1.  Accurate, easy to use, clear display, and much smaller than I anticipated, yet it's quite sturdy and attaches snugly to my guitar.  At home or on the go, I can't see the need for another tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name bradley review Very useful. overallrating 5   lineend
name Carlo review ...even a kid can use it with a guitar. I received 2 in a kool metallic-blue, but as far as I know you can't choose the color and it is bad because a match with the instrument is kool.My perplexity (this is why the 4 stars) is generally on electronic tuning, it happened to me that different brands gave a slight different tune, while 'all' should be perfect and perfectly the same... creepy isn't it?What we do now?  I do not own a grand piano to decide which is the right tune ...better go back to the diapason? overallrating 4   lineend
name Charles Wathen review It does a good job for the price.  I have a bad ear that distorts sounds somewhat, and this really helps. overallrating 4   lineend
name ChevisN7 review Easy to use, Seems to be well made. I only gave it 4 stars because I wish the built in Metronome made a noise you could hear as you play. Having to look at the beating heart while you play is very difficult. overallrating 4   lineend
name C. Hill review  This Snark tuner is a very clever gadget that is simple to use (even for my children) and works well. The display is easy to understand and is very accurate (confirmed by our guitar teacher's meter). The Snark also has protective grips so it will not damage the guitar finish.Everything should be this easy to use and work this well!Highly Recommended!CFH overallrating 5   lineend
name Chuck review I have been playing acoustic guitar and banjo for years and tried several tuners.  The Snark SN-1 is, by far, the best.  It is acurate and picks up the vibration of the low A and E strings without a problem. overallrating 5   lineend
name Clifford Haggerty review I see sales people at guitar stores walking around with these things clipped to their shirts.  Much more fun than a black box. I own one of each model. overallrating 5   lineend
name Coffee Infusion review  Although I didn't purchase my Snark SN-1 on Amazon, I wanted to share my excellent customer service experience about a company that clearly cares about its customers. I had a problem with my Snark, and the company displayed first class customer service -- exceeding my expectations. The SN-1 is a must-have as far as I'm concerned. I had been using my iPhone until a friend recommended the Snark tuner. SO much easier to use, and I like the logical incremental LED display that shows if you're flat or sharp. On my iPhone, the app I've been using doesn't always display the frequency when I'm really out of tune, so I have no visual indicator of where the tuning is at. If I had a better ear, no problem, but such is not the case.Snark not only shows you with the bar display, but also displays the notes your string is playing. Much easier -- you don't need to select your tuning or anything first. It picks up your frequency on whatever string you're on and you simply dial it in.Great, sturdy clip with a well thought-out foot pad works perfectly with my acoustic and electric. I usually just leave the Snark on my music stand where I can use the visual metronome. You can also just clip it to a nearby desk. Buy this with confidence -- you'll love it.                              EDIT: Although I still love this little tuner, my model has suffered a few issues which I will address here. I'm not certain if it's a design flaw or not, but the little plastic pieces that serve as the socket joint on both ends of the adjustable ball arm have a tendency to snap off. I think the manufacturer should look into this and perhaps design a single ring of plastic which may have more integrity. Also, the rubber feet fell off long ago with very moderate use at my home. The electronics themselves have held up admirably. overallrating 3   lineend
name Constantinople review This tuner clips on easily to all the instruments I have, shows pitch quickly and accurately. The screen is bright, and the battery lasts a very long time. It actually just dims the display as the battery is dying, and can last like that for months. I've banged mine around a bit, and it's stayed in one piece. The plastic is solid but not unbreakable. The size of the tuner is a bit large, it's not the smallest on the market, but it is small and light enough that when I leave it on my uke's headstock I can't feel the extra weight. Easy to operate, easy to read. I like it so much I got another one right away when I thought I'd lost the first. Now I have two, and am considering getting a third to keep in the travel bag. overallrating 5   lineend
name CRG review  I bought this as a second tuner for gigs. It is awesome!Easy to use, easy to see. Simple, inexpensive.Get one! You will not be disappointed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Da Bean review  There is a problem with the design.  When you move the head, the 3 little plastic pieces that hold the ball that allows you to rotate the head, just break off.  The tuner itself is great, but the product fails because it broke in 5 minutes. overallrating 1   lineend
name Dad review does what it says it does just as everyone elses reviews say it does so not a very helpful review here but i had to write something in order to give a rating overallrating 5   lineend
name Dako review  Even though I have a tuner in my pedalboard setup, and one on my iMac via MainStage 3, the Snark is indispensable. It's perfect for those times when you don't want to drag out a bunch of gear, and just want to noodle around, even without an amp. I use this little guy for electric guitars, and could see it being perfect for acoustic guitars, as it barely takes up any room at all in a case or gig bag. overallrating 4   lineend
name Damien Esmond review Love the very fast tracking,  So convienient to have a cheap but amazing tuner on each of my guitars!  For $10 bux each,  why not???  The screen articulates so there is always a perfect view,  I am finding myself making much more minor adjustments to my tuning than I used to just because its right there and so convienient,  so my playing sounds better than ever before simply because I am always in perfect tune now!  Way better than digging out the tuner from the case in the closet, finding a expensive 9 volt battery, selecting a note you want to tune and  waiting for a needle to stop moving on  my crappy old tuner.  Just an amazing product,  I even clipped it onto my piano and bought a $30 set of tools online and saved $100 tuning my piano myself!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Darren O'Neill review I've owned a bunch of tuners over the past 30 years and this one is the best I've ever had for an acoustic guitar.  It is easy to operate, has a nice large display that you can easily see and it's small enough to carry anywhere.  It is fast, accurate and the battery seems to last forever.  Nothing to complain about here, 5 stars all the way! overallrating 5   lineend
name David T. review I have about 4 different types of tuners and this is the best of them all. I have small kids and birds around the house so many tuners get lost with the noise. This one works off the vibration of the guitar so it is right every time even with a lot of noise around. overallrating 5   lineend
name David W review  For some reason, this one just doesn't hit the notes right.  It looks like it should tune more precise than other models but the tone is way off for mine anyway.  I have tried it several times and it just doesn't tune right.  Then I recheck with my other brand and it's not even close.  Maybe I just got a bad one?  I like that this one shuts off automatically..but again, it's WAY off tune.I did like the style, size and color.....but it doesn't work right so it's like running with a flat tire... overallrating 1   lineend
name debi review I wonder if all these Snarks, no matter whether they are 1 to 12 , have all the same frequency ranges.  I have them all, and they all work great! overallrating 5   lineend
name Dennis M review Been playing for five decades now. Used to tune with a tuning fork. Then later, used a Boss TU-12 for years. Now the Snark comes along and the Boss tuner (reliable and true) sits in the bag with other accessories I use, but it has no need to come out. The Snake took it's place.No need to unplug from the amp, and then plug the tuner in. Fast and easy. The readout is easy to see in any light. Working off the vibration of the string via the guitar makes this an accurate tuner, as some pickups will have too great a signal for a standard tuner and give a false reading. Not with the Snark. Small. Handy. The list goes on, but I think you get the point. It works well. Very long battery life. Easy to see. Oh, and did I mention ACCURATE??? Yeah, I think I did. overallrating 5   lineend
name dgray5150 review I use this for my acoustic primarily, but sometimes for my electric guitar.  It is accurate and easy to use. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Gray review  I have always hated tuners; I would rather use tuning fork on the A string and go from there. Most tuners are too cumbersome and require large batteries or external power(pedals). In addition I couldn't use those on my acoustics. Snark solves all of these problems. The display is colorful and easy to read and hides neatly behind the headstock. There is also a visual tap metronome that shows a beating heart in sync with the tempo. I can easily move it from electric to acoutic, and Amazon's pricing is so low I am considering getting one for each of my guitars. This is one of the few 5 star ratings I've given any product on Amazon and I rate a lot. overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald review I ordered this from the Amazon warehouse as a refurbished item. It was properly packaged but the base was broken and poorly glued together. The glue didn't  hold so the clamping base separated from the stem that allows the meter to swivel. This was unfixable so I sent it back for a refund. Warehouse deals are not such good deals. overallrating 1   lineend
name DonJr review Great little tuner.  works on everything I own which is 3 acoustics and 1 gretsch hollow body.  Great sensitivity and I love the Metronome built in it as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dr. Freud review this is the 2nd tuner like this that I have purchased.  it really is dependable and works great for basic tuning of my guitar.  the battery lasts a long time as well, which is not true with all little tuners like this one.  all in all I am very happy with this purchase.  small price to pay to be in tune.  I would highly recommend it if what you are looking for is a dependable, inexpensive way to accurately tune your instrument. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dr. Marc review Snark tuners are great! They are very accurate and are very inexpensive. I have three of them so I can keep one in each guitar case. overallrating 5   lineend
name eatablog review This thing is awesome!  I think it's the best tuner I've owned and it really does an excellent job.  It's easy and clear and everything a tool should be.  It's fast and easy just like a tuner should be. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ed review Really love this product; works well, helps me stay in tune quickly, is helping me to train my ear to \"hear\" when I'm in tune. overallrating 5   lineend
name Elizabeth Collins review This was a requested gift from my teenage son for Christmas and you should've seen the smile on his face that day. overallrating 5   lineend
name Eric Leberg review I initially had a black colored one, because I thought that would be more &#34;cool.&#34;  But I lost it.  So now I get brighter colored ones.  Gripe: a rubber thingy on the bottom of the clip came off while performing, and I have not been able to find it.  It still works, but that's a design flaw.  Also, don't leave it attached to any fine guitar, because it, like capos, can permanently damage the finish of  a really fine guitar.  but it works well, and the batteries seem to last. overallrating 4   lineend
name EYE4GET review Just what I needed!  The display is easy to read and easier to use.  My old monochrome digical tuner had a needle that would jump around making tuning difficult.  The many colors of the Snark makes tuning quick and easy.  A definate must for any guitar player. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fallbrookdave review I thought this was the coolest guitar gadget. I use it often but find it is not very accurate. I use my iPhone app Guitar Toolkit tuner and that works much better. If you tune with the snark, then Guitar Toolkit, you can see the difference. overallrating 3   lineend
name George Hartselle II review  Very good tuner and I love that it attached to the instrument and you can leave it there. I wholeheartedly endorse the product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Grand &amp;amp;#34;Kiki&amp;amp;#34; review  I am absolutely delighted with this tunner.  One comment, my son has one also, the neck of his broke so he warned me.  I am always very careful when turning the &#34;head&#34;.  I can see where you might break the neck if you are unaware that it could happen.  As far as tuning goes I am very pleased.  I moved from a guitar to a harp so I am tuning many more strings and this is very helpful! Plus: my vision is not the best and this one I can really see! overallrating 5   lineend
name GreatAPG review I purchased this tuner for my 9 year old who is beginning guitar and it is 100% accurate and very easy to use.  His guitar instructor also commented on how accurate and simple to use.  I strongly suggest this to anyone looking for a tuner.  He connects it to his electric guitar with out amplification and gets a tune and can be connected to the amp.  If you are a beginner or seasoned player I know you will like an appreciate the tuner.  A must to keep in your bag especially for beginners, a guitar out of tune is very difficult to learn on. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gridley review This is the best invention since the wheel, as far as I'm concerned. It's easy to clamp onto my guitar head, and the frequency/not readings are quite accurate. It's incredibly easy to use and very handy when re-stringing a guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review   specs instead of how they like or dislike something. Bottom line, this is my favorite headstock tuner. I also own the new NS mini and it has its own qualities that I like as well (like being small), but it doesn't fit on my Godin's headstock. This tuner, the SNARK, fits on my Godin's small headstock with no problems. On a dark stage this works great. I love this little tuner. five stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name GunHawk review I've heard about the Snark tuners before, and have seen them once in awhile, but while skimming the music side of Amazon I finally picked this up...and it works GREAT! overallrating 5   lineend
name Hannah Bananaz review  i love this tuner so much! the only reason that i had to buy it a second time was because i lost my first one unfortunately at a music camp a few years back. it works so well though, and i knew i'd have to buy a second one since i'd never see the first one again. overallrating 5   lineend
name HoboKing67 review What can I say....for the price, this is the best tuner out there right now!  So nice not having to step on a tuning pedal in order to tune while I'm gigging onstage.  I just cut the volume on my guitar (Snark senses vibrations through the neck...so no sound needed!) and I'm done!Tap tempo works great too if you need to know the tempo of a song!  Just another awesome bonus :) overallrating 5   lineend
name Home in NJ review Works great right out of the box. Easy to use and accurate. A must have for any guitar player. Turn it on, clip it on and tune. overallrating 5   lineend
name Howard J. Herman review Great value. Works well, tunes tight and is CHEAP. When the battery is run down, the screen darkens but it still works. What more is there to say. overallrating 5   lineend
name Huevos Rancheros review  This snark thing is the cats meow, its absolutely Charlie. It hears things I don't and tells me whether they are what I want to hear to be in tune with the standard tuning used by so many musicians today to play musical things alone or together.If you like being in tune, this is probably for you. It is colorful plastic and is fun to look at even if you are not tuning anything. You can clamp it on a cat's tail, but the cat will not like it and the cat will break it so don't even think about doing that you sicko.Great design, easy to read, works better than 2 other brand tuners I own. only bummer is you can't carry it in your pocket cause its plastic and it is designed to break so you will buy another one or superglue your fingers trying to fix this one. If it were available in titanium housing it would be perfect and about 400 dollars, oh well.I suggest you purchase one immediately or risk your status of being cool, hip, out there or whatever standard definition of outside the mainstream you use to characterize yourself in an attempt at being singular without risking ostracization for standing outside the contemporary definitions of humanity.  oh the peer pressure........ overallrating 5   lineend
name idjut review This thing works great.  Tiny and seems to be accurate.  The price is darn good as well.  A must for all guitarists. overallrating 5   lineend
name Igneous review These tuners are so convienient and I have yet to see a musician I show these to who who doesn't appreciate it's simplicity. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ingrid Shelton review What can I say-I love this thing.  I bought three more after trying the first one.  I put one in each of my guitar bags-can't live without it.  The tuning is excellent and so easy.  If you are hesitating buy it and you will love it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ipodcrazy review I own a few tuners, including a Boss Tu-70.  Recently I purchased and reviewed the new GoGo TT-1 clip on tuner. I never thought a clip on could be as accurate and dependable as my Boss.  The GoGo is awesome and instantly became the only tuner I use.  But now I have to say, I think the Snark is a little better. I bought the SN-1 and the SN-2 because they are so inexpensive and so amazingly accurate.  The other great thing is they are chormatic, so besides being a great tuner, you can leave it clipped on to the headstock to practice accurate string bending or just learning the notes on the fretboard. The display is very easy to read...better than the GoGo (although GoGo has a new improved display since I bought mine).  I love the colors and the matte finish too.  The rubbery matte finish makes gripping the clip much easier than the smooth plastic of other tuners. The rubber surface also makes opening the battery compartment a snap too, I had to fight like heck to get the battery door open on my GoGo.  The Snark is less than half the price of my GoGo and out performs it...it's a no brainer. overallrating 5   lineend
name Island Girl review First time I tried to use it, it broke in my hand.  It is now taped together, while I wait for a different kind to replace it. overallrating 2   lineend
name James review Works amazingly so far. I am definitely proud of this product. Will be buying more in the future. Great Buy!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name James M. Bailey review I used these on all my instruments, guitar, mandolin, and violin.  It works fine and I would recommend them at this good price. overallrating 5   lineend
name James Moulton review I love these clip on ,vibration reading tuners, This was the second one I tried , The first was a Barcus Berry, which worked equally well, They both have lots of features, such as tap tempo, up and down tuning adjustments. With the Barcus Berry, it was the first one, after trying the Snark, which is a cool name and a lot more colorful, I tuned up a brand new guitar in a store , out of the box in less than 2 minutes, never came close to doing that before. That convinced me, the Quicktunes I had been using were accurate, but these seemed to be better, and get you perfect, I have heard that they work better on acoustic instruments, which makes sense, they put out a lot more vibrations than a solid body electric.From the literature it, seems that the snark could have been made by the quicktune company and the company that makes the cool cats pedals, that have been raved about.Hello, Raving bout this. I seen on Amazon they are cheaper, I bought a blue guitar only one at my local store for 19.99, here they are around 10 to 12 bucks. These type of tuners, especially the intellitouch are popular wih Bluegrass folk like me, The grapics on this are great , no more shaky needle, just a dead on still reading when you are perfect. overallrating 5   lineend
name Janeelizabeth review We attach this cute little tuner to the head / top of our guitar neck and tune our guitars... GREAT tuner. It goes with us when we travel with our guitars. We've played with other musicians who have used our tuner, and they have all commented, &#34;What a great little tuner.&#34; overallrating 5   lineend
name Jared Burdick review  The tuner workss as advertised. When I attached my guitar to a Boss Chromatic and clipped on the Snark, it was spot on. For $10 - which is also half the price at your local guitar shops. The product works as advertised and Amazon has the best deal. overallrating 5   lineend
name jason review simple, easy to use tuner, awesome price, works on guitars and basses, i am very happy with this product, very portable too overallrating 5   lineend
name jayjustin review 1,540 people like it,who am i to disagree...it works well but i wish i had discovered the gibson app on my iphone before i bought...but for the price it does work a lot better...never clip it to any body parts only on you guitar (don't ask) only kidding!!! overallrating 4   lineend
name jb review For a while I had the SN-5 tuner. But I bought this one and I'm glad a did. It's fast, accurate, reliable. The product picture can be a little deceiving. The color is a a metallic blue (almost navy). It's got some good features although I don't use them. I'll use nothing but snarks! overallrating 5   lineend
name JdoubleH review Excellent price. Excellent tuner- with one flaw. Using it couldn't be simpler, and it has excellent contrast. I would say it was the best clip-on tuner I've had a chance to use, except that it broke the first time I carried it in my gig bag to a rehearsal. One of the little fingers that holds the \"ball\" in the \"socket\" on the back of the tuner broke off, so the tuner and the clip are now separate pieces. This model works only by vibration unlike the red one, so without the clip, it is not very useful (it is possible to hold it against the head stock and still use it, but it isn't very convenient). I would just super-glue it together at a good angle, but I have to put it in different positions on different instruments. I've seen a number of complaints elsewhere about this same problem, so I would call it a design weakness.Despite the negatives, I would buy another if they beefed up the construction or sold it with a hard protective case.Update 4/4/13: Added back a star. I'm still managing to use it after hobbling together a fix involving a rubber sink washer. Even with a slightly compromised mount, it continues to provide excellent results. I recently purchased a replacement, the SN-8(B), but found it really disappointing. So much so I may send it back. I also tried a Planet Waves Mini Headstock Tuner, which no matter how much I try, I simply cannot love. So I just ordered another one of these. Despite the ball socket issue, it is still one of the best tuners I've ever used. For the money, I can afford to keep a couple on hand. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jerry Roberson review I love this little guy. Clip it on and no matter how much noise is around you, it will still accurately tune the guitar. Very easy and simple to use. I paid $9 for it and it is 10 times better than the $40 one I have. overallrating 5   lineend
name j flavors review The snark makes tuning your guitar easier and faster than anything I've ever seen.  It does wonders for tuning your guitar and cuts down on the time to tune your guitar. The music stores can't seem to keep these in stock because they are so popular. The price in the stores is $20 0 and at Amazon, you can get it for half the price. I saw no difficulties with using the tuner and it was up and running on the guitar and is easy to use. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jim 1954 review I had been tuning my guitar by ear and thought I was doing a good job. After I used the Snark my guitar sounds so much better. I will never be without one again. The snark is easy to use and shows you positively when the guitar is in tune. overallrating 5   lineend
name jimrenfroe review I like many things about this tuner. The fact that it turns off quicker than most and you only have to press the button to turn it off. Unlike the Fender which you have to press and hold. May not sound like a big deal but if you need to change tune in the middle of a show this one's faster. The Fender tuner in my opinion, and for my needs is more accurate and easier to see due to the fact that it gives a nice green color once you tune up. But this one's cheaper. Ahh decisions decisions. Still, you can't go wrong either way. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe Bouler review These tuners are amazing! I like them so much I bought another one. They work better than tuners costing ten times as much!You don't have to be a rocket scientist to use it. It's so simple a child can use it. The face of the tuner is lighted and easy to read even in the dark. It is extremely accurate. This is so much better than my Intellitouch tuner and cost less than half of what I paid for the Intellitouch. It's very affordable and is something no guitarist should be without. It uses one CR2032 3 volt battery and comes with the battery included. You have to install the battery which is no big deal. Just read the instructions. I recommend it highly and give it two thumbs up and a couple of toes too! overallrating 5   lineend
name Joel S Mellor review I had never owned an electronic tuner before, but have used the large models and the iPhone apps.  This is a great product.  It is easy to use.  Adjustable to virtually any stringed instrument.  I haven't banged it around, but have had no problems with durability.  Bright, easy to read display.  I would highly recommend this for beginners to pros alike. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe Morris review I bought one of Snark's \"Super Tight\" tuners and found it to be less then advertised. It will get you in tune, but this tuner does so much better of a job for a lot less. I am going to buy another so I have one in the studio, and one on my stage rig. Buy it. It's a great little tuner! overallrating 5   lineend
name JOHN review All the parts I buy an Amazon  have  been checks out before I buy them and they  have been compared with other companies, and I found these parts are the best price and quality compared to other outlets I repair and rebuild guitars as a hobby and I am satisfied with these parts johnJ. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jon review Very nice!!  Super vivid, easy to see color.  The clamp portion seems to be sturdy and well built.  This is a great buy for the money! overallrating 5   lineend
name Joyce Kaiser review duriong my lessons, my instructor talked about several models of tuners that a guitarist can get. Some are old time one still with a kick, and the one he recommended was the Snark. Nor the shark, and that is what I thought he said when I first heard it. There were several kinds of tuners and I was looking for a good quality, made of sturdy materials, and was in a good price range. The snark I chose has been working just great for me. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Walker review This tuner can be adjusted to be very easy to see when you tune your instrument.It senses the vibrations of the string through the neck and head, so the sounds of other instruments do not effect the tuning.Very light, so I leave it on when I play...and it turns itself off when I forget, so it doesn't unnecessarily drain the batteries.Inexpensive so can afford three, one for a banjo, one for a bass and one for a guitar to keep in each instrument's case. overallrating 5   lineend
name k2review review wonderful price and great product. Buy it! Love mine and have recommended to every musician I know. Works great and love the colorful display. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Andrews review  cool overallrating 5   lineend
name Kazmir review It does know when your guitar is in tune! Does it for you so you don't have to do it by ear. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kenneth G. Nielsen review  I noticed an immediate improvement in my playing as this tuner, above all others I have tried (Korg, Intellitune, etc.) brings your instrument into dead-on 'ringing' true tune across the instrument. I use this on my Fender Stratocaster, Gibson Les Paul Custom, Fender Telecaster, Fender StratAcoustic, and Takaminie Classical. Works equally well, meaning phenomenally well, on all of my guitars. With all of the features, capo tune, visual metronome, acoustic as well as vibration tuning, plus calibration... This is one tuner you won't want to be without, and, the only one you need. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kevin Kiernan review I accidently ordered two of these, which proved fortunate because one did not have a battery when it arrived at my APO in Afganistan, where watch batteries are hard to come by. That being said, This is the most user friendly little tuner I have ever owned. I don't have a particularly good ear, but I can tell when I am out of tune, and I have struggled with other tuners in the past trying to get just the right tune. I bought this for a brand new backpack guitar, and I had the guitar tuned up in less than 5 minutes after I clamped this tuner on the neck. These are cheap enough to buy one for every guitar and keep it in the case. overallrating 4   lineend
name Kim K. review I really like this little tuner is is maintenance free, small light and easy to use.  Highly recommended for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name kyle c. review This is a great tuner for the price it looks slick and is a quality.product whether.u r a beginner or in a band this tuner will meet all of your needs. overallrating 5   lineend
name Larry G. Kent review  I have used these type of clip on Tuners for quite some time and have 4 different brands.The SNARK however is absolutely THE BEST clip on tuner I've seen on the entire market and the price isperfect. They've come out with the SN-8 I hear, which I'll buy soon..Great Product..Don't leave home without it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Leonardo Lee review I bought this one after using the SN-2 for 5 months.The tuner works like a Champ!I can't really tell the difference between the SN1 and the SN2. They both work really well with my Taylor guitar, and my Fender Strat. overallrating 5   lineend
name Leo of San Francisco. review  This tuner works great, easy to attach, turn on and adjusting the guitar to each individual string, is as easy as one two three. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lonnie M. Adams review After reviewing people reviewer, I had no dout, It great and it sure was.  Snark has a GOOD TUNER for low price.  Thank to Amazon and Snark, I think anyone needs a tunersnark is the best for your money. overallrating 5   lineend
name Loveguitar review There's really nothing I can add to what's already been said about this tuner.  I teach classical guitar and one of my students came in with this tuner.  I took a look at it and knew I had to have one too.  This tuner will tune chromatically, so you don't need to buy a special tuner for that.  I can use it on my guitar as well as my guitarlele which is tuned a 4th higher than the guitar.  I chose it over my other chromatic tuner the night my daughter was to play guitar in her school's talent show.  I needed to be able to tune her guitar accurately and quickly despite all the noise in the large room.  It performed fantastically!  (And so did she!!!)It's soft and rubbery feeling and won't scratch your guitar.  The reading are easy to read: red light you're flat, green - you're on pitch and yellow - you've gone sharp. It reads almost instantly.  My other chromatic clip-on tuner had some trouble with the D and low E strings but this tuner seems to give me a pitch quickly.I like this tuner a lot and highly recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mason K review This tuner gave me problems at first because I did not know how to use it. You have to attach it to the guitar in order for it to work, which is pretty cool. You don't have to hold it or put it on your leg. Also, this is very accurate and gives only a slight range to be in tune. It is a  great product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Matt review This tuner works really well, i bought one a few months ago and it's super precise. I had it for a few months before I put it in my pocket and bumped into a wall and the socket snapped. It still worked really well but i needed a lot of duct tape to hold it together. 4 of my friends have had this same problem more than once, but we were all not too careful with it, if you don't bang it around it's great, i bought a new one overallrating 4   lineend
name Matthew L. Adams review I popped the included battery into place, fired it up, clipped it to the head of my electric guitar, and it worked seamlessly.  For the price, this is a great deal! overallrating 5   lineend
name MAURICIO S TAVARES review Very, very good tune result. It really put yout guitar in tune. But the arm is so fragile. It has broken 2 monthes after the purchase, so i had to repair it manually with glue. I recommend. overallrating 4   lineend
name M. Henry review I'm a semi-pro player, and this tuner is all I need.  A great buy, worth the money.  The simplicity of the design and the beautiful full color screen are my favorite features of the Snark Sn-1. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Broshar review This tuner is nice , inexpensive and very easy to use.  It does a very nice job keeping the instrument tuned overallrating 3   lineend
name Michael W DeSilva review I have tried several different kinds of guitar tuners and of the ones I have tried the Snark is the best. It is more precise easier to operate and just simply looks prettier. I highly recommend this tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael W. review Solid tuner, more accurate than I anticipated and very easy to use. It will get you extremely close and for the size and functionality it seems to be the best product of it's kind that I've used. overallrating 5   lineend
name mike ceely review the snark tuner is theBEST one I have owned  extremely accurate  easy to use  very reasonably priced for such a good piecehave paid lots more for products that were harder and not as accurate overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike review Excellent little device for the money.  Easy to use.  I have paid double for tuners that have not worked as well.  This will get you in tune for $11 or less - can't beat it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Lovelace review  I own several of the Snark tuners.  The SN-1 settles quickly, and works with a wide array of instruments.  Tuning couldn't be simpler.  Just clip it to your instrument and strum or play a note and, in an instant, there it is.  The display is bright and easy to read, and the graph has a lot of resolution.  The SN-1 senses frequency through vibration.  It is transposable, and it offers a metronome feature.  The SN-1 is finished with a rubbery texture and is a beautiful &#34;electric blue&#34; color. overallrating 5   lineend
name mjosephl review I like the way the Snark attaches to all of my guitars and a mandolin. It reacts quickly and is not over-sensitive. The way the mounting and dial articulate make it easy to set up while not interfering with the tuning knobs. Easy to read and for the very low price a great value. However, and this may be my own fault, I often need to snap my finger against the dial to get it to start reading. I say my own fault because I put the battery in wrong the first time and had to pull it out with needlenose pliers. That may have damaged a contact. I play with a number of other people that have Snarks and they all work properly. I would buy another one without hesitation. overallrating 4   lineend
name N1ZW Rob review Since this my first Snark SN-1 Tuner I am very pleased with performance it gives me accurate read outs against built in tuners on the guitars (Acoustic) that is. Like all all functions it has looking forward to maybe upgrading to the next model or so just have a few around for each instrument. overallrating 5   lineend
name NoKidding review If you are a beginning guitarist, like myself, you probably can't tell one note from another. This product does all the hard work for you easily, quickly and accurately. The only thing I needed to know but didn't was that if you get a reading of G and you need to make the reading B for the B string, the notes follow the alphabet from A to G and then begin again. So you are turning in the right direction from G if the next note is A. The one after A will be B. Seems simple enough if you know anything about music. I didn't. overallrating 5   lineend
name Operafanatic review This is a great little tuner.  Used it for more than a year with no issues.  Fantastic for positioning it anywhere on the guitar.  It also has an excellent display for showing you how sharp or flat you are.  The only reason I didn't make this a five star rating is that I discovered the Planet Waves PW-CT-12 NS Mini Headstock Tuner.  If it was a choice between the 2, the Planet Waves wins, hands down.  But this is excellent for what it is:  an easy-to-clip-on tuner that can be used on any instrument.  I've even set it down on my elementary classroom autoharp and it tuned it to perfection. overallrating 4   lineend
name Paul 1946 review  One of biggest hurdles for any instrument player is keeping your instrument in tune.  With this little gadget there is no guess work.  Clamp it onto the headstock of your guitar and pluck each string and bring each one into tune. I love this little gadget and the price is super on Amazon! overallrating 5   lineend
name Paula Gallagher review I have to edit my once five star review because twice in a row I recieved a tuner in the mail, and after less than one week the screen goes totally dim. I Can't imagine this is the battery since that is supposed to last a year and I only used the tuner 4-5 times for less than a minute each time. It's so dim I can barley see the reading when I squint. It's only $10 just a pain to wait two weeks for amazon to give a refund. I'll be buying another one and trying it again! Good tuner, unlucky with two lemons I guess. overallrating 3   lineend
name Peter D. Page review This is the best clip on tuner out there.  It's dead accurate, doesn't bounce around like dial needle tuners, and it's EASY TO READ!  You just clip it to your headstock, either acoustic or electric, turn it on, position the face toward you and start tuning very quickly.  Highly recommended for all string players, especially electric or acoustic guitar or Dobro.  There are other tuners by Snark that are more sensitive to lower ranges and higher ranges, so check out what suits your needs. overallrating 5   lineend
name Peter Kim review ...but what you ask? This tuner gets the job done but the part that connects the clip to the tuner is very weak and can break off easily. Mine broke and so did my friend's. It's probably cheaper to just buy a new one than to get a replacement clip. overallrating 4   lineend
name Pissed Off! Review should be 1/5 review  Not quite as good as the red All Instrument Snark, but it gets the job done and the price is right. overallrating 4   lineend
name puddytat review Very accurate tuner BUT it broke within the first week I used it.  The little head on the tuner is connected with an arm and a ball and even when  you are gently the three prongs holding the ball joint can crack and break rendering it useless.  I will try to get a replacement... Now as a tuner it was really quite good but just not durable which is kinda what you need. overallrating 1   lineend
name Quaestor review  The Snark SN-1 is small, accurate and easy to use. I have a more \"sophisticated\" tuner and the Snark works faster and is much easier to use. overallrating 5   lineend
name Review Man review  I've been playing for over 30 years and now have three different electronic tuners, so I'm a good judge of the Snark:PROS:  It's chromatic so it's good for every tuning job; no need to plug it into your jack; ambient noise doesn't affect it; great sharp, colorful display; reacts quickly; small enough to fit easily in my case; cool blue color; built-in metronome; powers down automatically to save the battery; transposes up to four steps if you're using a capo; will even identify major chords.CONS:  Works better on acoustics and semi-hollows than on solid bodied guitars; made me realize that three of my strings need intonating (or is that a PRO?); metronome is visual only; manual says that long-term use of the clip in one spot can damage some guitars' finishes; big blue thing on your guitar looks weird.Now that I have the Snark I have officially retired my other two tuners.  This is easier to use, easier to carry around, you don't have to unplug from your amp, it works on acoustic or electric, and it's chromatic.  And it's cheap.  Definitely recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard review  so cheap I bought one for each of my ukuleles..  would never use a pitch pipe again, and I guess I might be tone deaf cuz i cannot tune them without these. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Johnson review  I got this becasue our bassist got his hands on one and loved it.  I have a stompbox tuner but this Shark is really fantastic.Easy to use and very accurate.  It makes tuning a breeze. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert Biehn review At first I was skeptical of this nifty little tuner, but since I've been using it for the past few weeks, I've yet to have one complaint. It sits right atop, clipped to the guitar, operates on vibrations, so doesn't pic up other guitars, is light, barely even notice it, and seems quite accurate. overallrating 5   lineend
name Roger M. Bates review I received this yesterday and it is the best tuner for my acoustic guitar.  This is the second one I have and it works well.  I have a built in tuner, but the Snark is so easy to use and inexpensive, it is a great deal.  I would recommend this to any acoustic guitar player. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Sadewater review  Bright easy to read display, adjusts to face any direction, so I can even use it with my Telecaster which has very little room on the headstock.  Accurate and fast. Can't beat the price, and battery compartment is easy to open, unlike some other tuners I have. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. W. Milyard review  Started to take guitar lessons locally to balance out the DVD's and books, and my teach used a clip-on tuner and my interest went sky high. (I am a professional drummer with serious guitar envy)All I can say is GOODBY JACK-IN TUNERS.With this little baby it makes no difference whether you are playing an electric guitar/bass or an acoustic, and you can tune on the fly with the thing clipped on to your headstock all the time. Admittedly you can do this with with a jack-in tuner without the jack-in part, but the results aren't always that good, and you have to fish around for the tuner.The whole turn the amp down, unplug from the amp, jack into a tuner, unplug from the tuner, plug back into the amp, turn the amp up process every time something sounded a bit off always soured me and brought down my enthusiasm while practicing/playing the guitar, but those days are over. I need to keep my enthusiasm level high, and actually play the guitar instead of fishing around for a tuner.As far as accuracy, it is as good, or better than any jack-in tuner I have (I have three different brands). overallrating 5   lineend
name Sakira Del Rosario review  I have no complaints except when I try to tune my guitar a half step down, there are buttons for that on the back of the tuner but I have zero clue how to use them. This tuner is perfect it sits nicely on the head, swiveling head, visible from wherever you are. overallrating 5   lineend
name Salvatore Quaglieri review This tuner is great, and it being so low price makes it even more better, standard shipping took 2 days to reach me in Mass. I was pleased for that. The tuner comes with a 2032 (circle) battery, and its as simple as pushing the power button and strumming the guitar strings. I'd definitely recommend this product to a friend. I'd buy it again. Its a nice little tuner, and my guitar is sounding great. This is a very well made product. overallrating 5   lineend
name sam review I bought one of these at a music store like 2 years ago for 30 bucks. I was Impressed and used i to tune my guitar, bass and mandolin. Later I saw them for 8$ here on amazon and I bought 1 for myself 1 for a sister and another for my brother in law. These are a great deal. I can tune my electric bass without a pedal while the stage is really loud! It just uses vibration of the instrument. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. C. Dallman review These tuners (including the red version) are the best. I have many tuners, from expensive Peterson and Boss, Korg, Seiko, Quiktune, and many other brands, from standard tuners to a few different brands of clip ons. The Snark is the easiest and most stable to use. Even my young guitar students, who have had trouble learning to tune using other tuners that I love, have no problem tuning with this tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sean P. Owens review   down the road. Thanks for reading, and if you have any questions, feel free to ask and I will do the best I can to answer.SPO overallrating 5   lineend
name Sean Serritella review I had to tune my guitar and I bought this. Well it works great. I got the sound I wanted. overallrating 5   lineend
name Seph review I've bought quite a few tuners over the years. These are small, responsive, easy to read, and the fact that they work on vibration means they can be used in a loud setting without interference. These are great!!At first I was turned off by the 'toyish' appearance, but decided to try it after reading the reviews. Let me say that in person they look nicer than in the pics, and they perform way better than I expected. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sim review I tune both my acoustic and electric guitars with it and it appears to do a good job on both. I didn't think it would pick up the vibration on the electric very well but it does and without it being attached to the amp. It appears to do a better and faster job than my old seiko electric guitar tuner. I would have gave it a five star but being a beginner and not having developed a good musical ear yet I don't know if it is tuning the guitars as well as some other unit. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good inexpensive tuner.Update: The more I use this tuner the more I like it. It is easy to read and use and doesn't appear to be as easily broken as other reviewers say theirs was. Of course I am careful with it a keep it put away when not being used. overallrating 4   lineend
name sir helps alot review I had a little dificulty learning how to tune it at the beginning but after i played with it enough i figured it out and its so easy to use and my friends love it they say s    im gonna by me one lol overallrating 5   lineend
name SLV review When this arrived I didn't realize it was that small. Thought it has to be so its out of the way. Then I thought, this thing can't work very well, but it does perfectly. The first few times a used it, I wasn't expecting muchhowever, I couldn't more wrong it really works well and I would recommend this to family or friends. overallrating 5   lineend
name snocyclist review I was surprised by the size...very small and unobtrusive. My older guitar has a decal on the top of the head which made the small size a bit of an issue, but with the cleverly designed swivel pad and wide opening on the clip of the Snark, I could still easily manage it.The tuning is dead-on, and couldn't be more convenient. Since it's based on vibration, the performance is completely unaffected by outside noise. Also, you don't have to try and balance anything on your knee or use a table to hold your standard audio tuner. Just clip it on and swivel the head to face you.I really like the design. Attractive but not overly loud in color, and a nice non-slip surface. The display is bright and the interface is very intuitive...you just press the button and start plucking strings.In addition, Snark's customer service was very friendly and helpful.Putting my two cents aside(that anyone who plays the guitar should learn to tune by sound, without a tuner, given one of the notes), I highly recommend the Snark tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name someguy2011 review Purchased this Snark tuner after reading a few positive reviews and decided to give it a try. For the money I figured why not.GREAT little tuner. Dead on accuracy and perfect for tuning in rooms where you may have noise interference using regular tuners. This clips to the headstock and  is very easy to use.The face pivots around and the display is nice and bright. I will pick up a few more and toss em in my guitar cases! overallrating 5   lineend
name Squidsmom review This tuner is easy to use.  I have a guitar with a built in tuner that just doesn't seem to be perfect on pitch.  This tuner is and I am very happy with this purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name steven review not much to say, if you play guitar buy one, you'll never be out of tune again, lets you tune anytime, i never even take mine off, no more \"does this sound in tune\" because it will always be in tune, so do your self a favor and go out and buy one, very affordable (you could collect enough cans to buy this in a couple hours)so enjoy overallrating 5   lineend
name Stinky K. review I have seen people complain about battery life. I turn it on, tune, and then turn it off and my batteries last forever. The display is good, and the tuners work well. I have four of them and have compared them for accuracy and sensitivity. I think it is a well made product and good value. Thank god for tuners. There is nothing worse than a bunch of out-of-tune, loud guitar players. overallrating 5   lineend
name StudioDude review The Snark SN-1 is sometimes dissed because of it being slightly inaccurate. I beg to differ. This is the most accurate headstock tuner that I have ever used, and it also has a built in metronome, which I never use, but could come in handy. Another thing is the price point, which is simply amazing. The blue color is a bit annoying however, and I'd like it if they came out with a black SN-1. The visibility of the screen is amazing, and I can see it even with the sun reflecting off of it, or in a completely dark room. overallrating 5   lineend
name SVT4001 review I've got a bunch of these little tuners- I keep one with each instrument. They are a little tough on batteries, but they are accurate, even picking up notes below E on my double bass C extension.Highly recommend! overallrating 5   lineend
name tada review Tuning a guitar is difficult for a novice.  This device just clips to the guitar and tuning is easy.  Why you would almost think I know what I am doing. overallrating 4   lineend
name Teresa Halbert review  This was a great purchase.  My son found exactly what he needed and at a price he could afford.  He would definitely purchase from here again. overallrating 5   lineend
name T review Who doesn't love these tuners?  Easy to use, easy to read, and has options that I don't even use. Highly recommend this. overallrating 5   lineend
name theRangel review  I've tried the Fishman FT-1 and the Tune Tech ttm-201.  I like this one the best.It seems as accurate as my other tuners.  Like all clip on tuners there are \"sweet spots\" on the head that work better than others.  Oddly the Snark likes different spots from the Fishman or Tune Tech.  I tested the Snark against them, my Korg tuner and my Android App tuner.  The Snark was fine.The biggest plus I see on the Snark and the reason its my new \"go to\" tuner on the guitar is the large bright screen.  My vision isn't so great in dim light and the clarity and brightness is wonderful.  I don't have to guess or squint.It has a metronome which can be fun.  I personally don't use it because these hearing aid batteries are a bother so I don't want to waste the energy on a metronome and not have the tuning function work when I really need it.The only minus that I can possibly see is that the clamp is pretty fierce.  I don't have a custom made Brazilian rosewood guitar where the headstock could be marked by this thing.  If you do have something expensive check this clip out first to be sure you'll trust it.  If not then the Fishman is more your speed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Truvor review Tuner works well with acoustic but not so great when your electric is not plugged in. Seem like it needs more resonant vibration to register the sound. Sometimes you just need to whack the tuner a bit, and it's okay. I also have the NS Micro, and that's a better tuner. overallrating 4   lineend
name Vensez review I bought this because I got tired of looking up by-ear tuners online. It's so darn simple to use. Just clip it on, tap the big button, and play a note. The chromatic tuner is extremely easy to read and incredibly simple, and it automatically recognizes which notes are being played and adjusts to the note as you tune up and down. It was also very cheap compared to the other box tuners. Overall this is an amazing product and I don't see a reason why I would ever want another tuner again. I've had this tuner for about a month now and it hasn't failed me yet, though sometimes it can be a little stubborn and slow with determining when a note is being played and it does have a habit of being right on the mark one time, then if you pluck the string again, it will show it's off tune by a quarter-step or so. Just make sure you tune all the strings twice, and you won't regret buying this tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name wapialo review works right out of the box.  Easy to read, easy to use......arrived very fast inexcellent shape....just had to put the supplied battery into it overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayne M. Simpson review  I have several different tunes, but the Snark is hands down the fastest and most sensitive. Has no trouble whatever picking up the low e-string on my Seagull acoustic, which flummoxes my Intelli 600. Having the tuner respond this quickly makes tuning go faster and easier. The only down side, and this is a matter of taste, is the garish color. You shouldn't leave these things on the headstock anyway as they can leave a mark, so the hideous color just encourages me to do the deed and put it away, which may be just as well. overallrating 5   lineend
name windowshopper review i got this as a gift for the my guitar mentor and lead guitar player in my band.  i have a tuner built in to my amp i use but he has always tuned by ear which is hard to do on stage or even at rehearsal.  the display is bright and easy to see and he loves it. overallrating 5   lineend
name W. Perry review A great little tuner. Very accurate, easy to use and the batteries last the better part of a year. I bought 3 or 4 of these and I put in my gig bags or cases. At these prices you can afford to clip the on to all your instruments. overallrating 5   lineend
name Writer365 review These Snark tuners are ruggedly designed and really do the trick. I use the mic instead of the vibration setting though. That's my preference. But I would use no other tuner on stage. I have one on each of my guitars including my acoustic guitars. I have dozens of guitars! overallrating 5   lineend
name Wynn review  Very useful for acoustic guitars, electric and bass. If you don't have a pedal board with a tuner, this is invaluable to quickly tune up. Small form factor and can be thrown into a guitar case. Good accuracy compared to my Korg pitchblack overallrating 5   lineend
name Yakov Hadash review Like the other one star reviewers -- my problem is that the head broke off. I tried to glue it back on, but it just fell apart even worse when I tried to do that. If you buy this, you really need to baby it! My advice is look for a more sturdy model! overallrating 1   lineend
name Yap review Okay.. I used to tune my guitar online.... However, adding a $10 for this item is worth it... It is so accurate and works great so far... I saw that some people complaint that the tuner comes without a battery, but mine come with one... Probably it is because I bought it from amazon &lt; not from some sort of seller in amazon> ... Moreover, there's also a warranty for this item... For those who want to start playing a guitar like me, I strongly recommend to get this tuner!!... You won't regret!!..Owyea.. overallrating 5   lineend
name Yousif review Awesome little tuner, very accurate and I can store it almost anywhere. much cheaper online too, for the price its a steal. overallrating 5   lineend
name zachary review this tuner is awsome,it tunes very acurately and i would recommend it to any guitarist or who ever needs a tunner. overallrating 5   lineend
name zak review I wasn't expecting much as the price was very reasonable for a good tuner. I have to say it is one good (funny looking)clip on tuner. Many useful functions. I especially like the fact you can check intonation without changing anything. Like the capo and metronome feature. I just really like this little guy. Good job Snark. overallrating 5   lineend
name Z. Mehrbach review  I haven't had to change the battery on this bad boy in over two years since I've had it!  It also is bright and is very accurate.  If looking for an inexpensive tuner look no further! overallrating 5   lineend
name Z.W.T. review The tabs broke off right out of the package (the other reviews made me aware this may happen). An easy fix with some Super Glue and for the price, who cares if I have to fix it. It is 100% accurate and very easy to use. Other than the tabs breaking it is a great little tuner for the money. Highly Recommend!! overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Baker review I use this tuner to tune up my violin.  Other tuners I've tried using the vibration setting had difficulty feeling the &#34;E&#34; string vibrations thus making it hard to tune.  This tuner does an excellent job feeling and showing all 4 strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  This little beast works great for guitars or basses in loud or soft environments.  Just clip it to your headstock and tune up in under 30 seconds.  I've even used it on the bell of my trumpet to tune up to pitch.Pros:- Dead-on accurate.  You can easily set your intonation with this little monster.- Works great in extremely loud environments.- Clips on tightly.  If you don't jump around like an orangutan on stage, you could probably have the Snark ride your headstock through the whole show.- You don't have to plug into it.- Extremely responsive.- Enough display detail for you to know when you're getting close to in tune -- not just 3 indicators like some tuners (flat, dead-on, sharp).- Very inexpensive.Cons:- A little twitchy on the open low B string on bass. I use the 12th fret harmonics (first partial) to tune, however, since it's a purer tone that seems to resonate in the headstock more, so this has never really been a problem for me.Inexpensive enough to keep one in every gig bag or case -- for every instrument you own. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrew Adkins review  Works great, seems durable, shipped fast.  Can't think of a single negative thing about this product.  If you need a tuner, this ones a good one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andy Baird review  I bought this to replace the inexpensive Musedo T-50 tuner that came bundled with my Kala KA-S ukulele. The Snark SN-2 is much more accurate, but its LCD display is not very bright, and has a narrow field of view. (Yes, I did try a fresh battery, but it made no difference.) I wish it were brighter and easier to see. Still, it's a very good tuner overall. overallrating 4   lineend
name Anne Brody review The tuner operation works pretty well and is consistent on these snarks. It may be my imagination, but I think the recent ones work a little differently than previous generations. They seem to register differently than older ones and sometimes give you a tuning that is just a wee bit sharp.I have used them to tune many different kinds of string instruments, from autoharps to mandolins to guitars. It works with all of them.Tuning by vibration is very useful in a loud room, but it is not always perfect. If another band is playing loudly, the sound vibrations from the speakers will affect your ability to tune. So you have to wait until the band is between songs to get an accurate reading.To my taste, the display on these SN-2's is the best of all the Snarks. I like the extra bars and the smoothness of the way the display zeroes in to the perfect pitch. It looks nice and responds well to your tuning peg changes.Finally, do not drop these. The head is purposely flexible and can rotate very easily. It has a ball joint construction. That is good, and seems to hold up to use. The plastic socket, however, on the back of the tuning head does not respond well to hitting the floor, even a carpeted floor. I do not treat my tuners rough, but it is easy to drop them. When you do, 6 out of 10 times, the plastic socket will break. I have 3 tuners whose heads are separate from the base. They still tune, but I have to hold them against the guitar. They do not clip on any more, so it is inconvenient. overallrating 4   lineend
name Anon review I thought this tuner was going to be an oversized cheap piece of junk. Because well these days you usually get even a little less than what you pay for. But this tuner destroyed those expectations. Its a small, \"smart\" tuner. So many functions and just a great design. Its really cool that I dont have to go hunt down a tuner that could be lost in my room somewhere. This attached to basically any guitar, or almost any object for that matter. The only thing negative I have to say is, im not so sure you can plug a cable into it. Which you would expect with ALL the other stuff it comes with. Otherwise, its pretty great. overallrating 5   lineend
name aspaeth review This is just the tuner I was looking for! It works on vibration or mic, so it's very versatile. It works on my acoustic, bass, electric, and my mother's voice. Haven't tried the trumpet yet... Intuitive and the back-lit screen is so easy to see! overallrating 5   lineend
name Barbara Embry review This tuner is very accurate.  It is well made and stays on without falling off.  I tested it with other tuners and it's right on. Easy to see when positioned correctly. overallrating 5   lineend
name BelleBelle review It is bright, easy to attach to my guitar but there are some problems with it being so \"fragile\" at the base.  The battery was a bit tricky to insert since it is so close to the base. I like the swivel but it is delicate since it is plastic. Be careful not to twist it around quickly or it might snap off. It is very sensitive and has been more accurate than a Planet Waves tuner I currently own. Would I buy it again? I don't know. Going to see if it durable and if it continues to be accurate. Looks ok on your guitar and it is not in the way. overallrating 3   lineend
name Benjamin Babeshkin review This is a very inexpensive and very accurate tuner.  The Vibration Mode is really good. I am a new guitar player, and this item has helped me greatly in quickly tuning my guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bilbo review I bought this tuner mainly for my acoustic guitar; I have a Sabine tuner with a mini-mike but unplugging the tuner from my amp, having the room completely quiet and the tuner in a good position is a couple of extra steps I'd rather not go through.  This tuner is compact and works well; I clip it onto whatever guitar I pick up for a quick tune (acoustic OR electric), push the power button, and off I go.  I haven't fooled with the other features (Metronome? Detuning?), so I can't comment about them.  An added comment: I broke off one of the flimsy little tabs that holds onto the ball joint from it being overextended.  My fault, but it shouldn't have broken so easily.  I'm sure they could make the plastic tabs just a wee bit stronger/thicker, or make it so it pops out of the joint when overextended instead of breaking completely. overallrating 3   lineend
name Bluesage review  This has got to be the best little tuner I've ever owned, and the cheapest too.  I have a $100 tuner that works nicely, but this one will handle any instrument you clip it to.  The SN-2 has the vibration pickup abitity that the SN-1 doesn't.  So I use it on all my instruments except my sitar as there's no place to clip it.  I highly recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name bman review This is a great and inexpensive tuner that is easy to use. It's easy to setup out of the box and can tune via vibration or microphone. It's easy to figure out if the strings are in pitch or not. The only downside is that it feels a bit flimsy sometimes. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bob Dillin review I've owned four of these over the past two years and after 6 months of light use (4-5 times per week) the first two malfunctioned. What I mean is the screen became so faint you could hardly see it and putting in a new battery didn't help.  My current one I bought in July and so far everything is holding up. Knock on wood!  They are cheap .....so I guess you could look at them as a disposable tuner but you'd better have a back up cuz they break when you least expect it. overallrating 3   lineend
name Calvin Young review I bought this tuner primarily for my wife who plays harp (I play guitar).  She has been using my guitar tuner which works okay but cumbersome.  I was hoping this tuner would clip on the top of the harp to make it easier for her.Unfortunately, it doesn't fit on top of our harp.  The tuner is rather small which is nice for transporting but the clip will not open wide enough for the top of the harp.  It does, however, clip into the sound hole okay.It tunes the harp fairly well.  I only had problems with the top 3-4 strings which I had to pluck a bit harder for the tuner to pick up.I also tried it on my acoustic guitar and it did the job perfectly.  (Clipped it to the top of the headstock)Tracking is very, very good for a tuner at this price.  I was able to play the strings, tune them, and watch the meter follow the note.  Display is very easy to read and lights up nicely.  I was tuning in a dim-lit room and was able to read it perfectly.  I'm sure it would be great on a dark stage.The only other drawback is that the display needs to be positioned within a certain range.  Otherwise it gets a big hard to read.  But positioning it is very simple since it swivels easily.4 out 5 only because of size (not fitting on harp as I hoped) and display legibility depending on angle (I had to reposition it maybe 2 times in order to tune the whole harp). overallrating 4   lineend
name ccaptn review Easy to see, Easy to use, Easy to get used to.  The display is bright and very intuitive to the way we visualize sound, that is what makes it so useful.  You can't beat the price for such a great little tuner.  Amazon as usual makes ordering, paying and receiving a simple a and pleasant experience.  I will be buying one for every guitar case I own. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Erikson review  I bought this for my mandolin and was pleasantly surprised how awesome it a find this was. Easy to use and handy for ANY string instruments.Only thing i regret is not getting one sooner. overallrating 5   lineend
name Charles S. Glass review  s here that explain this unit and it works well. Before this I had been using tuner pro android app that also works well but I don't have it all the time.There is one big negative, it is absolutely useless outside in the sun or even shade. Can't even tell if it is on or off. Outside of that I am glad I picked the \"red\" version instead of the others. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris30542 review The tuner works well in both mic and vibration mode. The screen could be a little brighter. Otherwise, no complaints. overallrating 4   lineend
name Christian Matthew review I'm so glad I was introduced to this via my guitar coach years ago. It's cheap, yet works better than most tuners that require a plug in that end up costing around slightly more. It's been awhile since I've had it, and still have no complaints or issues with it. I wholeheartedly recommend this! overallrating 5   lineend
name christopher Lamothe review this tuner is great best buy works so well I highly recommend this Tuner can't buy a better tuner for less money overallrating 5   lineend
name Christopolis79 review I've been using the snark for a year or so now, and I always have the suspicion that it's just telling me what I want to hear - that my guitar is in tune, when in fact, it's not.  The other day I had to go from standard tuning to DADGAD, and had about 1 minute to do so (plenty of time) but after the tuner said it was in tune, it was time to start playing and it was, well... noticeably out of tune.  After checking each string multiple times!  Very frustrating.  I guess you just have to go with a pedal if you want accuracy.  If you want something that usually puts you in the ballpark but may betray you when it really counts, then go with the Snark.  It's better than other clip-ons I've used, but still not cutting it in my opinion.  I play a Taylor 414ce.  A plus side is that you can buy a five-pack of batteries on amazon for 2 bucks - shipping and all.  You will need them sooner than you think :) overallrating 3   lineend
name Clifford Haggerty review The traditional black box tuners are boring and slow.  This thing is super responsive to string selection just hopping on the new tone immediately, exact, easy to use, fun to look at.  There is a linkage arm that is not shown in the photo that makes it even better. overallrating 5   lineend
name Coolkayaker review  s on here, glad I listened to them, and for any brand new ukulele players out there, this is the one to get.  C ya overallrating 5   lineend
name C. P. Hendrix review If you play a string instrument, this one is a must.  I have several and a Snark for each one.  Unfortunately, in the span of about two years, they've gone from about $6 (in bulk) to about double that.  It's a good product, but shop around wisely for the best price, and hint:  read the fine print, if they include a battery, you'll pay lots more.  I even found the batteries online about half the price than in a drug store. Five stars for performance, take away one for greed. And another comment in 2013.  I decided to buy 4 more, but went to another source which only charged ONE shipping price, not 4. overallrating 4   lineend
name C. Ruud review  I was shocked when I got this tuner and witnessed how accurate it was. For the sake of letting you know its compatibility, I have used this to effectively tune an acoustic guitar, an electric guitar, a mandolin, and a 4-string bass. That's a huge range for any tuner! I've had older versions of clip-on tuners and this one just works faster and better. Recommended for any application in which you may need a variety of ranges. The ones made for guitar have limited range, but are cheaper, but I would imagine they're just as accurate.I'm not a huge fan of the red color, it is really bulky and noticeable on all the instruments I've had, but I'm happy with the trade-off. I just wish there was a smaller, more discrete option or something in black or a more muted color. overallrating 4   lineend
name David L. Vasser review I've used electronic tuners for a long time.  Most of them that I've owned you have to plug into your instrument.  That means they don't tune with a microphone but only with an electronic signal directly from the instrument.  I bought a Korg GA-30 that was about the size of a credit card with a built in microphone to tune acoustic instruments about 8 or 10 years ago.  I used that Korg until getting the Snark.  The Korg was durable and fairly accurate but the LCD display wasn't lit making it tough to read in low light and the needle seemed to jump around sometimes for no good reason.  Still for the money the Korg was a good deal on a tuner with a microphone in it's day.Enter the Snark SN-2.  This Snark will tune about anything.  It will tune either by vibration clipped onto the headstock of a stringed instrument or don't clip it to the instrument and use the built in microphone.  Clip it to a music stand, clip it to anything and it still works when you use the built in microphone for a guitar, upright bass, violin, saxophone, trumpet or even a tympani.  Use the vibration setting for tuning an acoustic or electric guitar or ukulele or mandolin or banjo without interference from other sound sources.  It tunes about anything no matter the notes or key you want to tune your instrument to.  It senses the entire scale.The Snark SN-2 has a well lit, clean and bright display that is easy to read in bright light or total darkness.  The display pivots to any angle.  It is very light so it adds very little weight to the headstock.  The battery seems to last a fairly long time, longer than the 9-Volt battery in my tuner pedal that burns through pricey 9 volt Duracells at the rate of about 1 per month.Long term durability seems to be a question to me due the small pivot on all the Snark clip-on tuners.  I've only been using mine for about 2 months now and while the pivot part seems sort of fragile I've had no issues at all yet and it still works good.  I don't think you should drop it very often.  So far I've dropped mine once with no damage.  Even if it did break, 10 Snarks are cheaper than the rack tuner I have and the Snark is just as accurate.While long term durability is undecided I can't complain at all about the versatility, accuracy, high visibility display or the low cost.  I really like mine and use it everyday on an electric bass or a ukulele or a guitar.  It really gets around and tunes them all.  The color is sort of a metallic red, almost Candy Apple Red.  I ordered spare batteries but haven't needed to change one yet.I'd buy it again and suggest one as a gift for any musician that doesn't have one.  I'm sure they'll use it often.  This tuner is a real good buy at a good price.  Spare CR2032 Lithium batteries are less expensive on Amazon, so I suggest ordering several with your tuner so you'll be prepared.I've never used the metronome feature other than to check it out.  It flashed a locked tempo but I really don't need that feature. overallrating 5   lineend
name David Townsend review I purchased this to use with my old Yamaha acoustic guitar and my ukelele.  It works great on both, very accurate and easy to use.  The swiveling head works very nicely and makes it easy to see at any angle.  It appears sturdy, and the clamp appears soft enough not to scratch your instrument. I haven't used other tuners of this type, but this one works great and seems like a great value for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald review I like this tuner as much as my SN8. It's accurate, fast reading, and has the added feature of  acoustic mode if you need it, overallrating 5   lineend
name doreen cascagnette review I received my tuner yesterday very fast shipping,it looks great,  the price is right, but most of all it works wonderful, very easy to use and small enough to carry in my guitar case. overallrating 5   lineend
name Driver405 review I bought it to tune my guitars and my banjo, it works good on all of them and is very accurate. I also used it to tune my uncle's mandolin for him because he couldn't find his tuner. Other than that theres not much else to say :P, I haven't used the metronome so I can't comment on that. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. R. Smith review So easy to use.  Just clip it on and ta-da!  The screen is very easy to see and tuning my banjo is a breeze with it.  Unfortunately, my dog thought it was a delicious toy and mauled it beyond recognition so I need to buy another one.  If your dog loves toys, keep this out of reach. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Villella review  I had used one of these at a guitar shop once while shopping for a new acoustic/electric. I was so used to the big klunky ones that you balance on your leg while trying to tune, I had no idea these even existed. After using it to tune 10 different prospects in a row, I decided to buy one on the spot (the tuner that is, it took another hour to decide on a guitar).It is very easy to use, the tuning via vibration is spectacular in a noisy environment. I like leaving it on the guitar while practicing to just make minor adjustments if there's a drop-D song, or just tweak something that goes out of tune.Does exactly what it is supposed to do, and it stays out of the way. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. WALTER review I first used the Snark when I borrowed a friends before a show, and I thought it was the coolest thing in the world. He used it to tune his acoustic electric, and at first I thought it was working off of sound, but then I put it on the headstock of my unplugged electric, and it picked it up instantly, and tuned it perfectly. I couldn't beleive it. I had to have one. I ordered the one that is capable of both miced tuning, and vibration tuning, as well has having the tap beat metronome, and I am in love with it. It's SO sensitive, and so accurate, you can turn the mic off, and use it to tune your electric guitar in a VERY loud room, and it won't pick up ambient noises. LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT. I recommend this to ALL musicians. The mic feature would be useful on your music stand, or attached to your trumpet, tuba, saxophone, whatever... clamp it on, and play. Absolutely awesome. overallrating 5   lineend
name Edgar Moses Jones review Works fine. It is of course difficult to tune when other's are playing around you. I found the mic tuner isn't as accurate. Also the rubber pad on the clamp falls off easily. It is better than most other clip on tuners though and the battery lasts longer too. overallrating 3   lineend
name Ed review I am impressed at the thought that was put into the design of this product; I bought one for my daughter and one for me; great deal for a great product! overallrating 5   lineend
name E. Guzman review This is the second one i buy and i love it, is small, fast and accurate , best of all, you don't need to have the volume knob open for tuning, i bough this one as a birthday present for a friend and i know is inexpensive, but it feel quality and does it job perfectly , my friend love it above all the other gift, it is a everyday use tool for a musician. overallrating 5   lineend
name Eldude review I was using my iPhone and line 6 input but having to plug in can be a drag when you're no where near your gear. But hands down this is the most accurate, easy to use, and most portable tuner ever. I use it for all mu guitars, bass, mandolin, banjo, etc. I bought two more, you will love this tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name E. Reyes review  This is a great tuner, I just wish that the clamp was a little bit wider since I mostly have classical guitars and the width of the headstocks can be a little thicker than steel string acoustics or electric guitars.  Other than that, works great I like using it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Fender Fan review Very nice clip on tuner for the price.I actually got this as a gift for a friend and they seem to really like it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Fletcher Chambers Jr. review This tuner is amazing, even more so considering the price. It's chromatic, so it will tune anything! I tune electric and acoustic guitars, bass, ukulele and mandolin with it! I've bought three for gifts... It's great.Sooooo, everything I said initially is still true... It's a fantastic little tuner... BUT I've broken two of them. (Where the clip attaches to the tuner - as in a multitude of other reviews...)This tuner  is  amazing... But fragile! overallrating 3   lineend
name F. Wise review  I wanted the version of this device with the built-in microphone to be able to check my singing accuracy as well as to tune my guitar. Maybe I should just change the guitar pitch to my off-pitch singing and I could finally achieve perfect harmony! I like everything about it especially (I think) it's ability to turn itself off after use if you forget to do so and save the battery life. A well designed device. overallrating 5   lineend
name George Hartselle II review  Love the Snark SN-2. Works well on my bass, and does a beautiful job on both acoustic and electric guitars. Tight tuning and easily used. Very good product overall, not to mention the reasonable price.Buy it. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. L. Simms review It does what a guitar tuner should do.It simply clips onto the headstock of the guitar and easily shows you where your string is in reference to standard tuning.I do have an equally good tuner by monoprice that's about half price. Better deal if you don't just buy one and have to pay single shipping. overallrating 5   lineend
name happypup review Easy to use, portable, cheap.  Not exact in tuning, might want a more expensive one if you are a professional musican.  For most of us this is more than adequate. overallrating 4   lineend
name Howard J. Herman review I buy these and put one in each of my guitar cases. Bright display, easy to use, works well and cheap. I have bought several of their models. I particularly like the fact that when the battery is dying the display becomes darker but the unit still works correctly. I hate the tuners that give you bad readouts with weak batteries. Had a problem with the pivot joint breaking on one of the older models, but it was replaced without a peep by the manufacturer. Newer models seem a bit beefier. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ipodcrazy review I wrote a review for the SN-1 which is essentailly the same tuner except this one also has a mic.  Here is my other review:I own a few tuners, including a Boss Tu-70.  Recently I purchased and reviewed the new GoGo TT-1 clip on tuner. I never thought a clip on could be as accurate and dependable as my Boss.  The GoGo is awesome and instantly became the only tuner I use.  But now I have to say, I think the Snark is a little better. I bought the SN-1 and the SN-2 because they are so inexpensive and so amazingly accurate.  The other great thing is they are chormatic, so besides being a great tuner, you can leave it clipped on to the headstock to practice accurate string bending or just learning the notes on the fretboard. The display is very easy to read...better than the GoGo (although GoGo has a new improved display since I bought mine).  I love the colors and the matte finish too.  The rubbery matte finish makes gripping the clip much easier than the smooth plastic of other tuners. The rubber surface also makes opening the battery compartment a snap too, I had to fight like heck to get the battery door open on my GoGo.  The Snark is less than half the price of my GoGo and out performs it...it's a no brainer. overallrating 5   lineend
name James M. Bailey review I highly recommend these tuners.  They are the best I have found for Fiddle and Mandolin.  They also work well with acoustical guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Barrera review so this was my first real tuner, its very simple to use. great tool and has two different modes which is cool. overallrating 5   lineend
name J. Brown review Great precise tuning with the SN-2 versus the other Snark versions. I would only go with the SN-2. But...like all the Snarks, they are delicate where the head attaches at the ball joint. Treat it gently and find a hardshell plastic case in which to keep it and transport it or it will get smashed and break apart. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jeffrey A. Hawkins review   is based on using it with a number of acoustic and electric guitars with various headstocks. I have not tried it with other stringed or non-stringed instruments.The thing is quick and accurate. The display colors are bright and easy to read. It does not have to do much guessing at what note you are playing. (In fact, if you play a chord, it will usually guess the root note of the chord.) It clips on easily and firmly. It is very sensitive. I find that I have a habit of plucking the string frequently and not taking advantage of the sustain when tuning due to other tuners that needed stronger input to work. But I can pluck a string and slowly wind the string into tune, usually without having to pluck it again before I have it right.As an added bonus in my case, the color happens to be a great match for an Epiphone SG G-400 in Cherry Red. overallrating 5   lineend
name jimmpannzee review For 10 bucks it's a great piece. Works well on my acoustic guitar and acoustic bass. Battery IS included, but it is very small and almost lost it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe McParland review This is my second, after breaking the last one's neck! The plastic socket around the ball & socket joint couldn't take the stress in the gig bag... I'll keep this one by the music stand, overallrating 4   lineend
name Joe Toland review I have several tuners. one is an inline tuner, one built into my amp....etc... This is my favorite go to tuner. It's fast and accurate. Every one in my band uses this tuner. It works for guitar and bass. It's easy to read and dead on.... overallrating 5   lineend
name Joshua S. Hill review  I really like this tuner for the convenience and ease of use. However, it broke not too long after I bought it. One of the connections broke, that is. I think they might have made it a little more durable since then. Moreover, I sent it in and they replaced it, so that was cool. It would be nice, though, not to have had to do that. overallrating 4   lineend
name J. Rowland review  s. overallrating 5   lineend
name jschristian44 review It works really well for tunings other than standard EADGBE.  I am still trying to get it tuning in standard, but so far it's pretty accurate.  I know it can do standard tuning, i just can't figure it out. overallrating 3   lineend
name Kathleen B. Janecka review  Great little tuner.  Easy to work with and also easy to find.  The price is also right and I recommend. overallrating 5   lineend
name KAY ADAMS review BOUGHT THIS SN-2 SNARK TUNER AFTER I BOUGHT A UKULELE SNARK FOR MY LITTLE NIECE  I WAS SO PLEASED AT THE EASE OF ITS USE.  I MAINLY WANTED THIS FOR MY BANJO BUT I ALSO NOW USE IT ON MY BARITONE UKULELE, A GUITAR AND IF I EVER GET INTO THE SPIRIT I MIGHT JUST TRY IT ON THE OLD MANDOLIN THAT MY GREAT AUNT LEFT ME. . THE SNARK IS SMALL, VERY LIGHT WEIGHT, AND SUPER EASY TO USE.  IT'S A VERY WORTHWHILE PURCHASE. overallrating 5   lineend
name Kevin review I haven't read a lot of comments about these guys breaking, so maybe my wife and I are just ham-handed Shrek wannabes, but we have busted two of these little gizmos. They are basically made of a clip that attaches to your instrument, a round frisbee shaped tuner, and an arm that connects the two. The arm has a very fragile socket on each end that it fits into. She and I have each busted one, doing something mundane like putting it into a case or setting down a guitar on a carpeted floor.While the tuner works well otherwise (except the low E string on a bass which can be problematic), and the things don't cost very much, it's a shame we keep busting them. I do really recommend them as a good tuner and very very portable. Just be extra careful handling them. overallrating 3   lineend
name kwb review We've been only using it for two days, and so far so good. I cannot say anything about durability for now, but I'll update this review if it breaks.  One of my kids has been borrowing my trusty old BOSS TU-12 chromatic tuner forever for her violin, and I finally bought this for her.There are many clip-on tuners, but I liked the following about this tuner:1. LCD mimicing an analog needle so you know how much you're off (as opposed to just flat or sharp).2. You can switch between vibration sensor and an internal mic. Most of the time you want to use vibration sensor anyway, but a mic sometimes comes in handy.3. Can set different pitch than A=440.4. Not expensive (was less than [...]$ including shipping).Upon delivery I tried it on my guitars (both acoustic and electric) using vibration sensor before giving it to my kid, and was impressed.It is quick to track the note even for low E. It's not picky about where on the peghead it is clipped on. No stress whatsoever, indeed it's just as quick and smooth as my BOSS. LCD is bright and clear, and needle-ish display works as expected.It worked very well on violin too. And I saw kids singing to internal mic to check the pitch of their voices just for fun.And a note about the looks. From the picture I expected it to be ugly, but actually it was not that bad. It's tiny and doesn't look like a Fisher-Price product.  First update, Nov 24 2010: I've tried it on an electric bass (4 string), and it worked equally well. Still 5 stars.  Second update, Oct 20 2011: It's still working happily for my daughter, and I bought a second unit for myself. Fantastic product. overallrating 5   lineend
name LARRY review I have 7 of these bad boy tuners and I love them. I keep them clipped to each of my guitar heads so they are always ready if I need a quick tuning to that guitar...Good quality, accurate and not expensive...Highly recommended and 5 Stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name Leonardo Lee review Tuner works great. Both by vibration and mic.Only real problem is the fact that the joint between the tuner and the clip is really weak. Mine broke off... not even a year old. overallrating 2   lineend
name Levis Ouellet review This chromatic clip-on tuner is the best of the best.  One cannot go without having one for the price.  I've tuned violins, guitars and ukelele's with it.  This is an electronic gadget you just cannot do without.  You can use the vibration setting to tune with a room full of people talking or playing other instruments.  If you have it on the MIC than you can tune many instruments all at once if you wish.This little instrument tuner does everything.  FOR THE COST ...YOU JUST CANNOT BE WITHOUT ONE. overallrating 5   lineend
name LOUIS SAAD III review These are great!  They're small.  Light weight.  Easy to read.  Accurate.  Inexpensive.  This one offers an additional feature:  Tap Tempo Metronome overallrating 5   lineend
name Loveguitar review I bought this Snark tuner for my daughter to use to tuner her classical guitar and her guitarlele.  I've been using a blue Snark tuner for a couple of years and have loved it.  I thought she needed a Snark of her own and it works like a charm.  I like the chromatic aspect of it because you can tune your strings to any pitch other than concert pitch.  Sometimes we like to go lower, and sometime a whole or half-step higher.It's beautiful to look at, clips on the head of the instrument with soft rubber feet, and truly does an excellent job of tuning.  I teach classical guitar and have found this tuner to be one I go to the most, and I have a lot of different tuners.  I rarely use any of my other tuners anymore, relying mostly on the Snarks that I have.  It uses a CR2032 button battery which is inexpensive and lasts a long time.  I use my Snark at least 4 times a day either tuning my instruments or my students.  What I really love about these types of tuners is that you can talk while tuning since it feels the vibrations of the string instead of listening to it.  It will tune practically anywhere  - loud rooms, etc...and tune accurately. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mano review Extreamly easy to use, you can tune any instrumet witn this.  The display is bright and clear, easy to see in the dark.  You can tune by sound with the microphone or by vibration; the clip is excellent to hold it to the instrument.  The price couldn't be better, I just can't believe how come people purchase a lot more expensive tuners when this excellent product exists. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark R. Segal review  I have been in need of a tuner for far too long.  I was turned on to this and I was truly blown away.  The tuner is very accurate and compact.  I leave it on my guitar all the time.  The clamp is strong enough that it will stay put. overallrating 5   lineend
name Md. Zaheer Hasan review My old one lasted a long while and it still works. Just wanted another one. These tuners are just awesome! overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael review it works well and gets the job done but the battery dies way to quickly, other than that its has a cool clip that lets it be placed anywhere overallrating 3   lineend
name Michael Jones review I have several guitar and ukulele chromatic tuners.  They all work fine for me.  However, the Snark SN-2 just has the edge. It's performance, look and feel are great!  The added features are also a plus.  I use the Snark for both ukulele and accoustic guitar.  It's my go to for chromatic tuner.  Highly recommend this. overallrating 5   lineend
name Micheal D. Prater review   that breaks this thing down to every tedious detail. This is a tuner that clips on the headstock of the guitar, and tunes it in perfect pitch. For a 10 dollar bill it is impossible to beat. These are a staple on every single guitar in our band! Bright and easy to read! overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Brown review This is without a doubt the best guitar tuner I have ever used.  I have been playing for years and have owned many tuners, this one is the best and I purchased it at a better price than it was offered at my local music store. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike review  Stopped working all by itself. Fresh battery didn't help.Fortunately, I've another, plus a Korg and an two Intellitouch. (I've 2 fiddles and 3 guitars)The Intellitouch is simply \"champion!\". overallrating 2   lineend
name Mike Lovelace review  I own several of the Snark tuners, but the Snark SN-2 is my personal favorite.  It settles extremely fast, and works with a wide array of instruments and couldn't be simpler.  Just clip it to your instrument and strum or play a note and, in an instant, there it is.  The display is bright and easy to read, and the graph has a lot of resolution.  The SN-2 senses frequency through vibration, but it also has a selectable microphone pickup.  It is transposable, and it offers a metronome feature.  The SN-2 is finished with a rubbery texture and is a beautiful &#34;electric red&#34; color. overallrating 5   lineend
name MojoMMjojo review Tunes by sound or vibration thats all i use it for the vibration mode is really nice. buy one its convenient overallrating 5   lineend
name M. Pope review I love this tuner. It measures vibration with the option to switch to microphone. I find it really useful when trying to figure out what chord I want to play next. I can sing the note into it and then I know which chord I want to play next! overallrating 5   lineend
name Mr. GrvThang review I've played guitars for over 40 years, and I've owned or used many, many tuners - stompbox, rack-mount, etc.  This is a great tuner. I bought a clip-on tuner about 10 years ago when they were first becoming popular.  It was ok - fairly accurate, very convenient, but it's sensitivity would make it difficult to tune the low E.  This Snark is much better.  I compared it to my Boss TU-2 (which is the standard stompbox tuner of gigging musicians), and it's just about as accurate.  The fact that it's chromatic means you can tune to any note, which is useful for non-standard tunings. It even has a built-in mic for situations where you can't clip it on (say, for a lap-steel guitar).  The head swivels to just about any position, and its sensitivity allows you to tune in live situations when other instruments are playing.  The only reason I give it 4 stars rather than 5 is that because of its curved \"arm\" it's a little awkward to pack for traveling - if you were to cram it into a space and there was some pressure on it I could see the arm possibly breaking off from the spring part. So, to me, outside of that (and the fact that it only comes in red so far), it's perfect. overallrating 4   lineend
name M. Wilhelm review I'm a big believer and long time user of many different types of visual tuning devices.  I play guitar, mandolin and ukelele.  And this inexpensive tuner is the best one I've ever used by a long way.  I've paid a lot more for a lot less.  It has an option to use either an internal vibration sensor via the clip or a built in microphone.  The dial is easily readable and adjustable to a wide range of viewing angles.  And it has the fastest and best response of any tuner I've ever used.  It doesn't require a loud volume to \"hear\" the tone.  Finally, it doesn't seem to wander around trying to attune itself to the note you just played, but it does instantly sense very fine differences in that tone.  If I detune by about 1/16th of a turn on my tuning machine (an difference I can't hear with my own ear), this device detects it immediately.  All in all, this thing is a whole step up in accuracy in tuning. overallrating 5   lineend
name MysticJaguar review Got this for a 15 year old learning guitar.  They thought the guitar was fine before the tuner.  My, how things change when you can see what is really going on.  Recommended. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ordinary guy review This tuner is way better than my earlier tunners which relied on either sound to their microphone, or direct plug in for electric instruments.  This has the microphone feature, but is better used with the clip on vibration mode.  Just clip it on to your guitar head, and hit the string.  A multicolored display shows if you are sharp or flat.  Easy to use. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul Hicken review It is easy to use and it tunes multiple instruments. It works better than my piano. I can trust that I will be in tune. overallrating 5   lineend
name Peter D. Page review OK, it's a tuner.  But.....it is dead balls-on accurate, quick tuning and easy to read even in daylight.  Great for gigs in that you can tune and re-tune during performances with fast, fast accuracy.  I own 5 or 6 of them, one for each guitar, and I highly recommend them over ANYTHING else. overallrating 5   lineend
name Philip Gardner review Works well - but be careful when swivelling the display as it can easily break one of the four tabs it clips into. overallrating 5   lineend
name Picky review Handy, well made, small, easy to see.  Great for guitar, fiddle, mandolin, dobro, and other instruments that it can clamp to. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pissed Off! Review should be 1/5 review  This tuner is cool. It picks up even the lightest vibrations, i/e: I can hit the high e on my acoustic and it will register the tone until it pretty much dies out. I also like the capo tuning feature. You put a capo on the 3rd and tell the tuner to flatten 3x. I highly recommend this tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name Playgolfandtennis review I tune by ear and the old fashion way, but this is so much better and locks in the note so you can really tell what you are doing.  Great tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pone Tony review The design of this product is innovative and excellent.  I haven't used it for as long as I would generally like before writing Amazon reviews of purchased items, and so cannot testify to its reliability, but suffice to say that, for the price, it would be hard to beat.The display is very clear, and the ability to clip to your headstock while tuning is marvelous.  I wonder how I ever lived without it before.For live gigs playing electric, I would prefer a floor tuner running through a pedal board with a patch cable, as noisy environments probably wouldn't be ideal for this tuner.  This is more for your parlor acoustic setup. overallrating 5   lineend
name pops review love it! fast, easy to use, effective, small enough to carry around and wonderfully accurate. a must have for any musician overallrating 5   lineend
name Rahaf review  I bought this tuner because I am learning to play guitar and want to keep my guitar in tuneGreat little tuner that looks good and works even better It works really well, but not perfectly overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard review  Like it better than the other tuner I bought, this one was a dollar more and cant remember what the other one was but would defiantly buy this again. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Morton review  This little tuner is so easy to use and see...I bought two more as presents. The price point was just unbeatable for such a stellar performing tuner. If you don't have a tuner or are looking for a new one, you NEED this one. A+++ overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert Baxter review Easy, accurate and, best of all, it swivels to any position and stays upright for easy viewing. I've tried other brands and they don't swivel  correctly. And it's red! Very cool. overallrating 5   lineend
name rusty springer review I really like this tuner but it is kinda bulky. Very obvious. Calls a lot of attention to itself, all GIANT and red.Still, I can't fault it's tuning prowess. It's quick and pretty on the money. It replaced my Roland Boss Tu-12h.Well more handy for tuning my sweet La Patrie nylon strung &#34;Motif&#34;Would buy again,  but I'd really prefer a more subdued  color. overallrating 4   lineend
name Sakira Del Rosario review  I had the SN1 Guitar Tuner, this one the SN2 is actually for all instruments if I'm not mistaken and it works great. Never fails. I love the red, the swivel head, the green.red lights when tuning. Just remember to take it off the headstock when youre done using it overallrating 5   lineend
name santos review i think this is the best tuner i love it it really works and its really easy to use it overallrating 5   lineend
name S. C. Dallman review I love these things. I have purchased several Snarks of all different types. Fast, accurate and a joy to use. My young guitar students struggled with other tuners but not this one. All Snarks clip on the headstock and use vibrations there to activate the tuner. The SN-2 also has a built in mic for use with any instrument, such as trumpet, sax, clarinet, etc. I have other, more expensive clip on tuners, but the Snark is by far my favorite. overallrating 5   lineend
name Secret Squirrel review  s couldn't be wrong, and for the price I figured it was a fairly risk free gamble.Really glad I tried it out!The screen is clear and easy to read, and the pitch indicator holds steady in one spot. No more chasing pitch for me!Haven't needed to use the vibration/ mic option yet, but I am sure that will come in handy at some point.Planning on getting another one for my other instruments as well.Definitely recommended! overallrating 3   lineend
name Slowleadmccey review I got this after seeing many of my church friends using them.  I got this one so I could use it to tune my guitars a ukulele and a violin.  It does all of them well.  I'm going to buy a couple more as gifts. overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Stewart Pope review This is a great tuner. High quality construction. The tuning is accurate. The controls are easy to use and the dial is easy to read. It is far superior to a Fishman tuner that I bought previously. The Fishman controls did not work properly and the tuning was not accurate. These tuners are very handy to make quick tuning corrections while playing. overallrating 5   lineend
name Steinbeckian review I can't believe what you can get for the price on this one.  Tunes all my instruments fast and easy.  The display is so easy to read and tuning is easier than ever. overallrating 5   lineend
name Teagan Mago review I love this little device:The colors of the display are a nice touch (red on the left hand side and green on the right).The color of the device.The interface is great and the clip works well.It's very accurate and I love how its chromatic function and the fact that it has a very large letter for the chord (versus being hard to read).A very attractive price.  I bought two.  It would be easy to have one for travelling purposes and to leave one at home just in case you lose it.  And it's so cheap, it wouldn't matter if you lost it. overallrating 5   lineend
name tgn1956 review This device has really help me. I am new at trying to learn. I have a long way to go. overallrating 5   lineend
name The Bluescaster review I must have had over 20 tuners in the last few decades, and the Snark is by far my favorite.  I change out altered capos every few songs, so I have to tweak the tuning many times each gig, and this has made it much easier, even in noisy clubs with poor lighting. overallrating 5   lineend
name The Picker review use it on my mandobanjoacoustic guitarupright bassreg bassdon't leave home without itbut take and extra button battery overallrating 5   lineend
name The SARGE! review  I am a novice guitar player.  Arrived in 2 days!  Does exactly what it SAYS it'll do...right out of the box!  Correctly tuned this VERY OLD guitar for the first time in YEARS! overallrating 5   lineend
name Thomas Saliceti review Exactly what I expected. A quality tuner for a low price. Very durable and gets the job done. Great buy! overallrating 5   lineend
name timhief review These sell for about $20-25 in the real world.  I paid a bit over $12 and it was an Amazon Prime purchase too.  The display is better than most I've used (dating back 30 years).  The best thing is that I can pass this around to band members quickly when they have a need too. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tinfoot review My mother \"plays\" the guitar (I am a banjo/mandolin player), and the Snark SN-2 came in the mail while I was gone for 5 days.  She opened it up, got curious and tried it out on her guitar that prolly hasn't been in tune since... I dunno... and she LOVED it!  lulz  This little thing really is my absolute favorite instrument accessory, both a vibrational and an internal mic pickup.  I was using my old Korg chromatic for those times I wanted to see if I was singing the correct note... and was actually pleasantly surprised that the Snark SN-2 had a mic.  One less accessory in the little bag now.  :DI am slightly ambivalent about the silent metronome function, however... its neat as you can play without the TICK TOCK distraction and still look up once in awhile to see if you are on beat, but as an actual instructional tool for keeping tempo... mmm, I would still highly recommend using an audible metronome.Side note, if you have friends/family that play a string instrument, be aware your Snark SN-2  WILL  be making the rounds. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tommy B review This is the second clip on tuner I have bought. This is much better than the other brand I have. It's easy to use and see. The colors and the swivel head make this one my favorite. The built in tap metronome is a cool idea. If you're shopping for a tuner give this a try. At less than $13 it's a fantastic buy overallrating 5   lineend
name WillieJ review This is a very versatile tuner!  I use it all the time to check my instruments, and keep things sounding good.  Highly recommend this product. overallrating 5   lineend
name zachary review This tuner tunes my guitars very well, it tunes them perfectly, and works well tuning bass guitar, very easy to use, very visible screen when tuning, clamps on nicely, and the red color is very beautiful you could say, all in all very good tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name zdeptawa review I like cool gadgets - and this is no exception. The red color is a metallic color - and I totally dig it. The display is nice and bright as well. Super accurate tuning. Well worth it for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Z. Mehrbach review  Much better than similarly priced products out there for tuning.  I can't recommend this enough and the battery last a LONG time!  I haven't had to change mine in almost two years since I've had it!  Just a great overall tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name Austin Garcia review  I purchased this item sometime in August, and think it's pretty good. I have not had any problems with it; Not that I can remember. Pretty simple, it does what it's supposed to do. overallrating 5   lineend
name BatmanDSM review Price is Right for entry level. Using as a backup or on my mixer when using my higher quality short stand during recordings. The Mic mount was a PLUS, using it for one Karaoke \"Cheap Mics\" It is just pop-riveted on so a Bit LOOSE, but could improve with a little 2 part epoxy. Only thing keeping it from 5 stars! Still for the money a great buy... overallrating 4   lineend
name CJB review  This tabletop Mic Stand works. Well designed and made from descent enough materials. I would buy again when I'm ready to replace the one I have or add to it. overallrating 4   lineend
name David G. Beneke review This is a very well built stand, even with its slim design, which also comes with a nice carrying case. Very good for light, portable set ups. Also holds a big mic, if you position the legs right; completely open with the mic parallel to a leg. That said, do it wrong and plunk. Will not likely stand up to a gusty wind, so use it indoors only. Paid $7.99 for it. Would give it 5 stars, but I know user error, will cause a less careful person, to crash some mics. Good for kick drum and cab mics, by the way, anchor it down with a sand bag, if using it for this purpose. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dr. Freud review great for carrying with you.  works as it should.  good price.  I would recommend it if you need a table top mic stand or one just off the floor about a foot. overallrating 5   lineend
name Harry An review  It was my fault not to check out it's measurements before purchase. But it's not the reason why I drop by one star. The reason is it's not designed properly.Since people stand and sing, this extendable table mic stand is still too short for people taller than 6 feet. I'm 5'11'' I can barely reach the microphone when I stand still.Also, it's way to tall if you want to sit and use it as a PC mic.As a result, I feel I'm  either too tall or too short...Build quality is fine and its price can not get beaten. Overall a four stars product IMO. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jeff and Denise review This was so inexpensive I couldn't pass it up.I needed a short stand to mic kick drums for recordings and this fit the bill exactly.Folds up quite small and comes with the carrying bag. I just toss it in my gig bag and I'm always ready.[...] overallrating 5   lineend
name J. F. Hindy review I have a Blue Snowball mic and the stand that comes with that thing is entirely too short for my needs so I set out to find a desk-stand for my microphone that I could use for podcasting and video work. Here are my pros and cons.Pros1. It's about twice as tall as the stock stand that comes with the Snowball. This may be too tall for some (with the mic put in, it stands as tall as my 17&#34; ASUS G75VW) but I have a raised desk so this fits right up to my mouth.2. The Snowball screws right in (unscrew the holder thing that comes on there, screw the snowball in, win).3. After some research, I found that this will fit pretty much any mic. Cool.4. It seems sturdy and well built.Cons1. The legs make this thing very, very wide. It's about 2/3 the size of my keyboard which means it takes up a lot of space.2. The mechanism to retract the legs is a little weird. Not bad, just weird.Overall, this is highly recommended for a desk stand. It seems to be able to fit just about any mic and it's perfect for video voice overs and podcasts. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lee review It is so small that it cannot hold all mics. If you have a big lopsided kick drum mic  with a skinny neck and akward COG(AKG D112), this stand will not be able to hold it up. It can however hold up the Audix D6 and it can hold an SM 57 up to a guitar cab if its the right height. I love this because it has allowed me to mic things in really really tight spaces. I would never have had room to use full sized instrument mic stands in some of the tiny stages I have seen this summer. This thing takes up very little real estate, I have put this thing in the pocket of my jeans before! overallrating 5   lineend
name Markcm review  I use this short stand for mic'ing my guitar amp cabinet. It is pretty small and on the edge of \"light duty\" but I wouldn't call it cheap or crappy. The adjustable features work well and feel like they will hold up reasonably. I don't use it for gig'ing so it isn't getting beat on but it seems to be a pretty good mic stand and the price was great. I also purchased a \"musician's gear\"  LINK REMOVED similar mic stand which was a few dollars more, I think I prefer the musician's gear unit becuase it's a bit beefier than this one but I still like this stand and it was a great value. This unit folds up particularly compact which migh be and advantage for some. Both are perfect for home recording and practice studios, likely even hold up to some gig'ing. overallrating 4   lineend
name Paul Kacprzak review I you are looking for a great desk or amp mic stand . This is it. Tripod legs are stable and also adjusts up and down to about 15 inches or so.It even comes with a case with two zippered sections. One for the stand and and one for a mic. There is also amic holder. What a find. I will probably get another....... overallrating 5   lineend
name W. Perry review Works great. It's lightweight but VERY stable, even with a heavy bass drum mic.A great bargain for a very sturdy, useful product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dad review Worked out of the package and was cheap. Longevity yet to be seen. It is short but if that is want you need it will do the job. Great match for your bedroom amp. overallrating 4   lineend
name D. Gray review  I much prefer curly cable as they keep the slack up off the floor and help prevent nasty little tumbles and equipment spills due to general clumsiness. These cables are no different. They may not be the nicest looking cables ever, but for this price you can't shake a stick at it.The connectors are injection molded so theres no easy unscrew and re-solder when the time comes, but hey for a budget curly cable I am not complaining. I'll just nip the ends off if I need to replace them later. The cable seems to be of good quality; I'm guessing it's about 24 gauge wire and has a nice bounciness to it. I have not yet noticed any degradation of tone so it's probably fairly well-shielded. With the right-angled jack on one end it ensures a low profile so I don't easily kick the cable out of the pedal and will probably help it last longer with the reduced cable strain on that end. That's more than I thought I had to say about a cheap, but good, cable. overallrating 4   lineend
name Ipodcrazy review I was afraid poor quality would come with the low price, but I did an AB comparison with one of my expensive oxygen free, yada, cables and I could not tell a difference.  I was playing an American made guitar through an American made tube amp so this was a legit sound test.  I'm sure the plastic on the ends of the plugs will not last as long as a more expensive cable...but who cares...buy a new one!  Love the coil, love the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name JC review this a great cable for practicing at home. Coiled cables keep things tidy and avoide tangles. This product measures approx. 28\" coiled, plug end to plug end. Thus it is pretty short, even when stretched out. For me, it is the perfect length for at-home use, especially when using two (amp --> pedal board --> guitar).not sure why it isnt available for order on Amazon anymore ... I just ordered mine two weeks ago. overallrating 5   lineend
name Marty German review  I bought this to run from my peddle board to my guitar.Since the peddle board is right in front of me, the coiled nature of the cord keeps me from getting tangled up.What surprised me was how it improved the sound? I hadn't thought that a cable would do this but I've since been told that I'm not the only player that has noticed this phenomena. It's beyond me how this works but I can hear the difference so, I'm changing over to all coiled cords. overallrating 5   lineend
name ng11 review  I really like this cable! Maybe it's not top quality but it feels solid to me and works just fine. I keep it attached to my little practice amp and play a few feet away. It probably stretches 10-12 feet if you really need it too. What I really like is that it's compact and I don't have cables laying all over the floor.Overall it's a solid cable for practice. I'll buy more. overallrating 4   lineend
name Pushpin review I bought this cable long with my epiphone les paul special II and the Fender Mini Tone Master thinking that either one did not come with a cable. The epiphone came with a cable which ceased functioning after a couple days. The curly cable has fared much better. No problems, works great and doesn't tangle so it stores easily too.Great as a primary or backup cable. Buy one, it's cheap! overallrating 5   lineend
name Salik ali review  these are great for people when practicing they are cheap and sound good.they are almost as good sounding as monster cables but just a little bit worse. i actually dont use monster cables anymore i like this one more and for the price how can i complain.a tip for people new to guitar, cable that have a angled jack are best for when you sit and play because when you plug a straight one into the guitar jack and you sit you actually bend the wire, and what happens is the wire actually have to be bent in a certain way to work and eventually wont work at all,just like headphone wires.but when you plugged the angled one into the guitar its all good and no problems. overallrating 5   lineend
name Victor review GOOD POINTS: [1] This cable, unlike many other coiled cables I've tried, does NOT add noise when it's moved. I swung it about quite a bit while playing through it, and it made no noise at all. [2] It also has good plugs in that the indentation on the male plug provides a generous gap, making it easy for the female jack to connect to the male end. As a result, the cable does not slip out TOO easily; the connection between jack and plug is quite secure. BAD POINTS: [1] The package it comes in says it's a 20-foot cable. Not even close! Holding it up by one end, with the other end simply dangling (i.e., not plugged into anything), I saw that it measures 3 feet (again, that's when it's not stretched); when not stretched at all, it measures just 3 feet. Of course, this would not result in 20 feet when it's stretched. Sure enough, when I plugged it into an amp, I could COMFORTABLY stretch it to only about 6.5 feet. This might not bother you; it doesn't bother me since I didn't want the extra cable length. But if you need anything like a 20-foot cable, you're going to have to get something else. [2] Finally, a minor point: If you're using this on a guitar with a Strat-style jack, this cable will be a bit---but only a bit---more difficult than most cables to unplug from the guitar, no matter which end you plug into your guitar, because there's not much to grip when unplugging. Of course, if you pull on the cable itself, instead of one of the ends, you'll ruin it in no time. Overall, I am quite happy with this cable and would buy more, since I don't need more than the length it has, and since it makes no noise. overallrating 4   lineend
name windowshopper review i use this cable to run between my pedal board and amp at rehearsals in a small space.  i use another one to connect the wireless mic receiver to the p.a.  the box says they are 20' and maybe there is 20' of wire but the stretch on them is maybe 5-8'. overallrating 5   lineend
name BJC review works as described on the ipad. for the price id expect a more durable product.its all plastic, but no moving parts to concern yourself with so it should hold up fairly well. overallrating 4   lineend
name Blaine T. Jones review Thank goodness Amazon doesn't sell this gadget for the forty-dollar retail price tag.I just got mine today and tried it out. The sound quality complaints are no joke. There is a constant hiss and any slight movement of the iRig or iPhone while playing will create a loud static noise. Don't know if a better quality jack on the iRig would've solved this problem or not.But if you're willing to tweak with the input and output line levels as well as your speaker or headphone volume settings, you may find a happy medium that you can live with.Still, the ability to carry an amp around in your pocket is pretty cool. If I find the need to really use one of these I'll probably spring for something that plugs into the iPhone dock connector. Until then this'll be a fun toy to play with.March 29, 2012 - Just a quick addendum to my initial review. I've since discovered the noise filter in the AmpliTube iPhone app, and wow, what a difference! It sounds much, much better now. No more hiss, no more static. overallrating 3   lineend
name Carlo review ...what is the sound in the background of the hissssssssssssss? My guitar I guess, but who cares? I honestly bought this gizmo for the extremely good hisssssssssssssing nothing else.A question to AMAZON: Companies producing objects that are nothing else than a lemon shouldn't be prosecuted?P.S.I think it is \"too polluting\" for 'low cost' items to waste again in paper box, transportation, restocking work, refund work and so on. This is why 99% of the time I do not ask for my money back / BUT / sell this lemon on Amazon, online with other websites,  and in all the instrument shops worldwide in a total bad faith (while testing nobody in iRig noticed the overwhelming  hisssssssing?) well that is beyond me! overallrating 1   lineend
name Cliff review Works perfectly with iphone and ipad.  The app that comes with it seems to be very sound and well designed.  My only complaint is that the product itself seems incredibly empty and fragile since there is no weight to it.  But it hasn't broke yet and it might never break.  Works perfectly with ear buds with mic/controller.  Great idea! overallrating 4   lineend
name Coffee Infusion review  No matter how many times I hard reset my 3Gs, no success. There is no problem with my jack, and the phone is in pristine condition -- no problems until now. There is definitely a connection and communication because the mic and sample track work, but that's about it. I registered my Amplitude app, and followed all of the instructions on the box. I tested the iRig with an iPhone 4 and was able to get it operating.I am giving this two stars because it did work on my friend's iPhone 4. But for my purposes with a 3Gs, it is a brick. If anyone has any suggestions that lead to successful operation, I will re-rate the product. overallrating 2   lineend
name Fabio review If you own an iphone/ipod touch and play guitar or bass you need this one.Was a gift from my girlfriend and i love this.The sound is incredible.Buy it, seriously. overallrating 5   lineend
name Javier Servigon review I was very disappointed when I tried this thing. I bought it so that I could play along the songs that I have on my Ipod but the guitar sounds really distorted (don't thing I haven't tried changing the settings on the effects/amps). Also is very uncomfortable to use since you are surrounded by all those cables. If you want to record what you play, you're probably better off saving some money and buying the Boss recorder or something like that. Being able to slow the songs down is somewhat useful but forget about playing along to it, it sounds so horrible is unbearable.Update: July 8, 2012. Against my better judgement I brought the Slash Amplitube app just to satisfy my curiosity and let me tell you is much much better. I guess the tittle of this review stands, the free app sucks but if you pay for it it'll be actually useful. I added two stars to the product. overallrating 3   lineend
name Lou review one of my fav toys overallrating 5   lineend
name overbybr review I bought this because I had a new baby at home and this allowed me to practice without rocking disturbing her. It's affordable, and does the same thing as more expensive adapters overallrating 5   lineend
name skeletonbears review This is a pretty decent thing for practicing your guitar through your iPhone or iPad. But if you want to use it for any recording at all, even demos, I strongly recommend going for the iRigHD. The HD sounds waaaaaay better, and the build quality is great. This guy, not so much. There was always a bit of noise with my old iRig, and it seemed to get worse over time. It also felt kinda fragile and chinsy. If you look, you can usually find the HD somewhere for $80; a $50 difference is significant, but the jump in quality (and likely longevity of the product) is definitely worth it. I upgraded and would absolutely do it again. overallrating 2   lineend
name Slowleadmccey review I got the irig thinking i'd use it for performance, but he app leaves somthing to be desired.  I had a very hard time fining a tone I could live with, plus, once you add any of the virtual pedals, the feedback was rediculous. overallrating 4   lineend
name Amazon Customer review I've used 4 different brands of clip-on tuners to tune my Classical guitars and electric basses, but this tuner is the most accurate. It captures the note immediately without errors, whether the low E on an electric bass guitar or the high E on my classical guitar. It is fast enough to use real time during intonation practice/training on fretless bass. It works flawlessly on solid body and acoustic instruments. Takes a little getting used to but simply, if the rings spin clockwise, the note is sharp; if the rings spin counterclockwise the note is flat.  If you can afford it, the Peterson is the best clip-on tuner out there. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Frank review Sat on my Snark - Good tuner but takes some patience. No quick tuning, but great for exact tuning if you are recording etc. Would probably buy again, however will also get another Snark - much easier for quick stage / sight tuning overallrating 4   lineend
name Danny K. review This is my first strobe tuner.  So far it has been wonderful for intonation/initial setups.  It may be a little bit of overkill for average string tuning but one thing is for sure; it is accurate!  The only thing I don't like is that the housing feels review  er. Since I only use it for initial setups and intonations I remove the battery when I place it back in its tin. There's a little storage slot for an extra battery in the the case which is useful. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dr. Freud review I really like this tuner.  it works very well.  once you understand what you are supposed to be looking for on the tuner (ie., the moving black squares to no longer move),  then tuning is a simple and accurate thing.  it works great on all of my guitars, acoustic and electric.  comes in a very cool metal box which protects it nicely when traveling or not using it.  it cause a few bucks, but I think it is so much better than the other less expensive clip ons, that it is worth it. overallrating 5   lineend
name JerryWithaJ review As my reviews demonstrate, I'm a sucker for a new tuner.  Peterson has an excellent reputation for its strobe tuners. I'd even tried one, once, but decided it wasn't the sort of thing to be carrying around to jams.  So, when I saw that Peterson had introduced a clip on tuner, I couldn't help but salivate. review  s, my preferred Zoid was in the case with my favorite guitar.)It may well be, and others may report, that the SC-1's feature set make it ideal for other situations.  However, if you main purpose is to keep a guitar in tune, then, with the SC-1 costing more than THREE ZoidsZoid Z-1000 Clip-On Tuner by Sabineor FOUR IntellisIntelli IMT500 Clip-on Chromatic Digital Tuner for Strings, I recommend that you consider the Zoid or Intelli. overallrating 3   lineend
name Pepper review All that needs to be said is that  &#34; It's a Peterson &#34; Just the best Tuner's ever. I also use one on My Pedal Board, Wouldn't use anything else !!!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Twiddly Diddly review Peterson makes some of the best and most accurate tuners and their high end strobe tuners are a must for the professional guitar repair shop allowing for accurate intonation and set ups. This tuner is accurate and I have even successfully set the intonation on a couple of my instruments using it (although it is not intended for this purpose). However I purchased it for the intention of taking it along to gigs in my guitar case. Unfortunately, due to the flimsy plastic construction I don't feel that it is up to the task and it would only be a matter of time before it gets broken if taken out of the house or on the road. Far better off purchasing a cheap Snark tuner that if lost or broken wouldn't be a big deal to replace and is accurate enough for most peoples use. overallrating 3   lineend
name Bob Feeser review  USB Condenser mics and more specifically this one are great for doing Podcasts and for portability. The reason being is that they are condensers for one, and the other is that this mic has a built in interface. An interface is a glorified sound card with both a microphone preamp and (Analogue to digital, and digital to analogue) AD/DA converters. Of course most any standalone interface is going to give you way more desirable results than just plugging a microphone into the mic jack on your computer; way, way better. So this MXL Studio 24 USB even with the built in interface is going to give you quality far exceeding your computers potential. So instead of having to carry a separate interface around with you having this all in one MXL Studio 24 USB all you need is a laptop with a USB input and you.There are limitations though with a USB mic with the main one being that you can only record the microphone without being able to plug in any instruments. (Although you could record instruments using this microphone and that way be able to layer more tracks in your DAW.) Recording multiple tracks at the same time is not possible with this mic unless you are recording the same thing in multiple tracks.The really good thing about this mic is that you are getting some pretty decent quality for the money. So for anything that you need to do using a microphone as your one and only sound device it is ideal, quick, easy, and affordable.One of the problems with using it in Pro Tools, or any DAW is that you can only use one interface at a time. Since the mic has a built in interface you can't use any other. Even in Garage Band for MAC, although they have the ability to use more than one interface because you can toggle between the two but not be able to use two simultaneously. So in plain words if you are planning studio capabilities a USB mic is not what you need. I have a couple of MXL condenser mics that I bought for my studio. I have the MXL V57M which was their early offering but is no longer made and I have found the MXL V250 to be comparable to that one. Some other MXL's like the 990 are muddy in the bottom end. When bottom fishing for a good/decent condenser mic some of the CAD offerings are also top sellers.When using the MXL 24 USB in Win 7 no driver download is necessary. If your mic comes without the included CD you can download the free MXL Studio Control app which includes input controls for microphone gain and an adjustable high pass filter. It also has a nose gate with adjustable threshold. There are also output adjustments as well.One other thing that is unique about USB mics working with your PC is that they are dependent of course on your PC. So I had the hardest time trying to figure out what was wrong when I couldn't get the output from my PC or into the free Reaper DAW recording software (free 60 day trial) also downloadable from MXL. So I finally gave up after trying various input options etc and discovered through the troubleshooter in Windows 7 accessible via Control panel, and then \"Sound\" and then type \"Troubleshooter\" into the search box in the upper right corner. The answer was that my mic input volume inside of Windows was down to zero. I moved the slider up and bang it worked.So for sound quality you are getting decent quality for the price and it has a built in interface and even an output jack you can plug your headphones into; it's a mini jack like you have on your computer. So with just your laptop and this mic you are set for pod-casting, or any other function that requires only one microphone and no other channels. This mic comes with a desktop stand which is an indication of its intended purpose as opposed to a studio vocal or instrument mic. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Hill review  This MXL Studio 24 USB Microphone is a decent choice for those needing a portable or a good quality studio microphone. We professionally produce instructional videos, both at our shop and at customer locations, and often need to voice over footage. This mic will replace theBlue Microphones Snowball USB Microphone (Textured White)we use in studio and also theMXL Mics MXL-STUDIO 1 USB Condenser Microphone, Cardioidwe had previously used for off-site recording.Pros -  Good Voice Quality; cleanly captures spoken voices  Good Physical Quality; this is beefy mic that feels very well made  Looks Professional; while not important to the functionality, it makes a good impression on our customers  Long USB Cord; allows for placement away from PC  Headphone Jack; \"real time monitor\ handy to listen to live recording and playback  Travels Well; includes a protective travel case that fits all of componentsCons -  No Pop-Filter Included; normally I wouldn't mention this but the instructions include a warning the condenser mics are susceptible to water damage (like from breath moisture) and a pop-filter is \"essential\". We boughtNady MPF-6 6-Inch Clamp On Microphone Pop Filter  Left Channel; only brings in audio on the left channel, had to compensate in my editing softwareMisc -  Since we do not do music recording of any type, I can't comment on the mic's performance in that area  Software; Studio Control GUI (downloadable) can be launched to control some of the finer functions of the microphone, but the interface is not intuitive and my editing software (Sony Vegas Pro) gives me better control for what we doThe MXL Studio 24 mic more than meets our needs (which may be different from yours).Recommended!CFH overallrating 4   lineend
name Danny Yu review I love my MXL 2010 microphone for its versatility, warmth in capturing the voice, and build quality. Most reviews I've read of MXL microphones have always emphasized it's clear and warm qualities it brings in our voices and instruments. The MXL Studio 24 aims at the consumer whom seeks a high quality condenser microphone without the usb interface. It keeps recording equipment minimal, literally connecting just through the usb cable. In short, the MXL Studio 24 has an excellent build (stand & microphone), easy to use software, and clear recording capabilities.Features:1) 22mm Condenser Capsule (not very big, but will suit most people)2) Cardioid pattern (I recommend also looking at microphones with figure 8 and omnidirectional patterns if those suit your needs better)3) Zero Latency monitoring (a bonus feature that not all condenser microphones have)4) Frequency response 20 Hz - 20 kHz (My MXL 2010 has a 30Hz - 20kHz. The 30hz merely means it can capture even more lowest lows)5) Output 1/8\" headphone jack, USB audio6) High pass filter 120Hz, 235Hz, 465Hz (software controlled)7) Lightweight 340gThoughts- Very impressive build. It's built like a rock & has a very fine finish. The grill and the frame around the grill are solid. I was surprised at how heavy the base was. It has a flat cone shape and definitely keeps the microphone in place. It's not some cheap plastic.- The recording capability is parallel to my experience with myMXL 2010 Multi-pattern Studio Mic. The clarity and power isn't nearly as good as the MXL 2010, but is certainly close. Using an USB interface, a condenser microphone gets more power and you are able to tweak the settings a bit more. With USB, it's a bit more set for you, but that may suit some people perfectly. If you want minimal tweaks out of the box with some occasional tweaks later with the software, this is a solid option.- Easy to use. Plug it in via USB and you literally on your way. The software installation is optional. The microphone works without it. Windows 7 64 bit detected this microphone with no hiccups.SummaryThe MXL Studio 24 USB microphone is aimed at users whom seek higher quality recording with an excellent build. There are certainly cheaper USB condenser microphones, but not many compare to the build and durability of MXL products like this one. To me, the fairly luxurious price of the MXL 24 is justified with it's excellent build, clear recording, and the ease of use. If you're not too sure about getting this USB condenser microphone or any USB microphone for that matter, I recommend getting a condenser microphone (non-USB) and plugging that in via USB interface. If you need any guidance at all with that process, I'm more than willing to help out. Cheers overallrating 4   lineend
name LA review I occasionally give radio interviews and participate in telephone conference calls. I'm also toying with the idea of eventually doing a podcast and/or recording audiobooks. When I first opened this package I was struck how sturdy and professional-looking this microphone was. Even the case impressed me. The travel case is elegant and beautifully designed all by itself.The microphone was easy to put together and place on its stand. One thing I didn't like was having Reaper pushed on me. I've successfully used Audacity for years, and, even more important, it's a free program that does everything I ask of it. I installed Reaper and immediately disliked its interface. It also repeatedly yelled at me about how if I used it past 60 days it was going to make me pay for it. I didn't like its tone, so I uninstalled it. MXL really should reconsider its association with Reaper.I tested the Microphone on a phone call using Google Voice. Everyone I spoke with said the voice quality was superior to the cheaper mike I've been using. I also tested it with Audacity in recording my voice. Again, I was very happy with the results.The packaging materials said that I should have received a CD in the package. I looked everywhere but couldn't find it; apparently I need it for something called a custom Grahic User Interface (GUI). I emailed technical support ... and I'm still waiting to hear back. Not cool.So Reaper and customer service are definite negatives, but the equipment itself is outstanding. overallrating 4   lineend
name Modern Blue Argonaut review  This microphone only records in mono, and if you're unsure of what that means, it doesn't capture sound to it's full potential, and doesn't create a left/right feeling. All recordings sound like it is coming from just one direction, and though this is useful for some things such as podcasts, I wouldn't recommend it to a musician looking for great voice quality. It looks nice, and it would b e great for a Skype call, but it really wasn't what I was expecting when i opened the box up and tested it out. If you're looking for a mono microphone, this is however a very good mono microphone. overallrating 3   lineend
name Personne review This is an intriguing idea for a microphone: a nice condenser with built-in monitoring.  A possible simple solution for the musician who really wants to keep a rig minimal.  It seemed to me that I should test it both as a microphone and as a USB IO device.  The very first appearance is impressive.  There's a nicely-compartmentalized carrying case.  Inside, there's a milled aluminum desk stand, a cable, a short manual and the microphone.  No shock mount. The mic looks good, but has almost no mass.  While this may not mean much, I own and have used lots of mics--none of them this lacking in heft.I set up a shootout in my studio. I have an acoustically-treated room with calibrated studio monitors, so I think I can do a fair test.  I kept it simple, using a steel string guitar played in several styles.  For a comparison mic, I used an AKG Perception 420.  This is a multipattern mic that's only a little more expensive; a cardiod-only version is exactly the same price as this MXL.  I used only the cardiod pattern, so I think it's a fair comparison on the basis of price.  To get to the point, the AKG beat the MXL in every way.  It was quieter, with a much better midrange.  A glance at the specs (online at MXL) shows a significant boost in higher frequencies, leading to about a 3dB rise at 8K or so.  The polar pattern is shown only in broadband (not at multiple frequencies) and it shows a dip at the 45-degree position.  These were things I could easily hear.So purely as a microphone, the MXL doesn't match up to other mics in its price range.  But that's not a complete comparison.  The MXL has a little headphone jack on the side so that the performer can listen with zero latency.  That's a plus that comes with a couple of big minuses.  The mic is vulnerable to cable scrapes and vibrations coming down the headphone cable--better make sure you hold still when you use it.  There's also a volume knob that appears to affect both listening and recording level.  This means that it's easy to inadvertently skew recording levels when you're mounting the mic or tweaking your listening level.There's also an optional software control panel (Mac and Windows) that goes with the mic.  It provides a noise gate and compressor as long as some basic controls for recording and monitoring.  I'm unlikely ever to use this dynamics processing; once done, it can't be undone.  I'd apply those after the fact when I've got plenty of time to dial them in.  This leaves the level controls--a place where MXL could have been more careful.  There's a microphone gain which works in conjunction with the thumbwheel on the mic itself.  It takes some doing to figure out which does what.  There's a highpass filter--tremendously useful when rumble is a problem.  But we don't know if this filter is in the analog or digital domain.  I hope it's analog, but there's nothing about it in the documentation.  Then there's the biggest problem.  There's a playback level control which allows your mix to play back through the mic's headphone jack.  But this also means that--depending on your DAW--it's easy to set up a feedback path.  You won't like that.The biggest question in my mind is \"just who is this microphone for\"?  A traditional mic can be connected to any preamp and used at any sample rate.  I have mics (both expensive and inexpensive) that I've had for years and years.  Only the preamp/interface changes.  This MXL is USB-only, 44/48 only.  You can't easily set up multiples of USB mics without clocking issues.  Most USB/FIrewire mic preamps have a zero-latency monitoring mode, so the mic doesn't really offer anything you can't get elsewhere.  In the end, I don't really think this is a good choice for any but the most casual of musicians.  To me, that milled aluminum desk mount holds the answer.  If you're a podcaster or a serious Skyper, then this mic deserves consideration.  It's a decent mic for spoken voice--the HF boost is helpful in bringing out articulation--and the single USB connection keeps your desk uncluttered.  Of course, there are plenty of other choices for that application.  But I think that's the best light to shine on this one. overallrating 3   lineend
name Altech review  Too much noise with one spot. This was way better.Lot of feature.Outlets 1&#8211;3 can all be used to power either 9V or 12V pedals. For each outlet, just use the VOLTAGE SELECTOR switches to choose the voltage you need, plug in your pedal and go!Outlet 4 works the same way and gives you a similar choice &#8211; except that it&#8217;s between 9V and 18V.Outlets 5 and 6 may only be used one at a time. If you use them both at the same time, you might get some noise. Like outlets 1&#8211;3, outlet 5 gives you a choice between 9V and 12V. Outlet 6 is a 12V AC outlet for pedals that require AC power.6 isolated outputs delivering 300mA each (centre pin is negative) AC output at connector 6. Will power all pedals.Most of my pedals are 20 to 30 mA. So potentially I could have 40 plus pedals in a chain. AwesomeAll the cables you needLike all T-Rex Fuel Tank power supplies, your new Chameleon comes with a full set of cables to help you keep your board clutter-free. Once you&#8217;ve selected your voltage options, just plug in and play!Excellent!Don't even think about it.Just get it.Highly recommend it overallrating 5   lineend
name Anthony review Its a very nice way to ensure all your pedals are powered properly. And ive noticed it helps cut down on excessive noise generated by pedals with when cheaper power sources are in use. I wish the power cable for the supply was longer but its nothing an extension cable cant fix. Weird thing was that the switches for voltage options were installed upside down. I lt didnt bother me really but if you get the same situation and you cant stand it, im sure you coukd just open it up and flip the little switch box around. overallrating 5   lineend
name Audio Maven review I picked up an old Boss ME-6B that required the Boss BRA-120 power supply. That thing outputs 12vAC. It also has a different size connector. Being that those wallwart power supplies go for around  thirty dollars, I wasn't interested. So instead I spent ninety more dollars on this fuel tank and got a DC Power Plug 5.5x2.1mm to 6.3X3 mm female adapter. Using  the 12vAC output on my Fuel Tank Chameleon works great. Awesome overkill solution. It also powers everything else and looks fine doing it. overallrating 5   lineend
name JoseAlmanya review This power supply is unbelieveble versatile... when i first saw this i believed it was only for 6 pedals but it turns out it can power up A LOT pedals better than any power supply out there.... this power up my 12 pedals i got in my pedal board and i can even power more... im buying 3 more and it will work, only with this!! Thats why i say this is the best on the world! overallrating 5   lineend
name lunchie review I was using a Joyo Power supply and when I bought my Fuzz I ran out of plugs so I bought this. It does the job. I plan on getting a couple of the Juniors next since I only have 1 18V pedal and the rest are 9's overallrating 5   lineend
name Moe review its a must have for guitarist with multi effects.  it comes with a range of wires but I did not like that you camt use the last two ports together (the ac ports).  other than that it good overallrating 4   lineend
name Victor Hugo review With this power supply you can offer to your pedals 9Vdc, 12Vdc, 18Vd or 12Vac. I'm using 8 pedals conected to this power supply, and I don't have any kind of noise or hum. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  I love this guitar!! It has a terrific sound and it's GORGEOUS!  The gig bag, although not padded, works very well and is well made.  The pockets are very handy.  All in all...one of the best purchases I've made for the money.  VERY HAPPY!! overallrating 5   lineend
name BAT review I believe I've rated this instrument before.  I really like that it plays easily and has a good sound to it.  I also like the fact that it doesn't require a 9 Volt Battery whereas others I played did.  I would buy from this company again and probally will in the future.  Thank You. overallrating 5   lineend
name C3p-BRO review This is an amazing guitar. I couldn't put it down, I have experience playing really, really expensive guitars. My $500 \"beater\" acoustic I was just going to take to the beach and stuff actually got warped and never played well at all, I couldn't imagine what I would b getting for $90. By was I wrong. It's my best acoustic currently! This thing sounds like, sustains, and holds its' own tune like a similar $2000 0+ Martin model and that's ZERO exaggeration! Get it and see, you will be blown away. I bought a second one. I just wish I had found this guitar sooner. overallrating 5   lineend
name David L. Bacon review This is a good beginner or intermediate guitar but if you play for profit get something better. Cheap case but does at least fit the guitar. I like it but I'm just playing for entertainment and at church some times. Electronics are just volume, and tone but it rocks my little battery powered Honeytone amp. Nice finish, nice guitar.. For the money ; ) overallrating 4   lineend
name Dr. Dale review Right out of the box, playable!  I did a tune up of the strings and they are holding pitch well after a couple of hours of playtime.  The electronics are just fine on the guitar I got.  I did have to adjust the string action down a bit, but hey, that goes with the territory.  There were some minor flaws in the finish, but for the money spent, this is a real workhorse and plays great! overallrating 5   lineend
name Bon review It is a nice strap.  It takes care of business just fine.  I wish I could have found a more colorful style, but all I could find on line was black.  But it's a very good strap. overallrating 4   lineend
name debi review This strap is comfortable, has plenty of room to expand it to fit, and is just wide enough to continue to be comfy around you.  Perfect for uke or mandolin or banjolele, and even the extra thin travel ukes.  I really like it! overallrating 5   lineend
name kiboy review  I have had trouble finding uke sized straps and have often had to use the larger guitar straps. This fits just right and looks just right.  It's well made and not too expensive.  I just wish I had found them before buying all those guitar straps. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mathew K Raikes review I ordered this strap to use with both my concert & tenor ukes.  It just works.I already owned a ukulele leash-type thing that required me to poke my arm through a loop at one end and then put a hook in the uke's sound hole or tie it off to the head. The problem, of course is that if you just let go of the uke it still falls away from your body (sometimes disastrously).  With a strap like this one, you can completely let go of your uke & it stays perfectly in place. Chord changes & strumming become easier when you don't have to concentrate so much on clamping the thing to your body or supporting the neck.This is a nice size strap, not to wide not to narrow.  The length is easily adjusted to work with a variety of uke (and uke player) sizes. It does require at least one button on the bottom of the uke. The other end of the strap can be tied to the head with the included string if you like to do it that way. In my case I installed two buttons - more convenient and the strap doesn't interfere with my chord-hand. Here are the buttons I used:Strap ButtonsIf the thought of installing buttons makes you hesitant, put your fears aside. It can be done quickly & easily and the end result is well worth it. Here's an entertaining how-to video that will walk you through it: (...) overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard review  but I keep thinking it is going to interfere with tuning at the nutwill be trying to get more use in. overallrating 4   lineend
name Scotty Boy review A well-designed strap that looks and works really nice. I'd say it's a little expensive. They should cut the price down by at least 1/3 and it would be a 5 star rating. overallrating 4   lineend
name Sunluvr review  I looked at a lot of different straps before ordering this one.  I hesitated a bit because I couldn't find anywhere that they specified the width, but it was a good price, so I took a chance.  It's about one and a half inches wide, by the way.  I'm very happy with it and I like that it has the flexibility to attach one end to either the headstock or a button.  I can't think of any negatives, it's a nice, functional, non-flashy strap that does it's job well, and it's wide enough that it doesn't feel like it's digging into my shoulder. overallrating 5   lineend
name Claudia A. Portillo review for the price and effect itself u can not get a better deal.use it for my acoustic guitar  pedal board though. it just does the job and im more than satisfied.it works awesome with electric guitar too. just get it! overallrating 5   lineend
name cvmaparadog review Was a little hesitant to get a stomp pedal, especially a delay, for this price. But I figured, how can you go wrong...if it's not good, at least you're not out a lot of money. I've been thoroughly impressed with this pedal. Much more sturdy than it appears in photos. I actually like that the input and output jacks are at the front of it. Works great so far and don't regret purchasing...worth every dime...where else can you get a great-functioning delay pedal for this price? overallrating 4   lineend
name Dr. Freud review this is very inexpensive and works great for my home-wanna be purposes.  it is not superloaded with heavy delay, etc. but it definitely gives you the effect.  it links well with other pedals.  the Battery wears out pretty quick and it does not come with a 9 v plug in.  therefore, I would recommend spending a couple of bucks and get a standard 9V plug in on Amazon or at a local electronics store and not worry about the batteries always going dead.I like it enough that I will probably get a few more of this company's petals as the effect is good and the price is right.for my limited purposes, this works great.  if you are a pro gigging or on the road, you probably want to get a more versitile, heavy duty and expensive delay petal. overallrating 5   lineend
name F. Jones review This delay is really nice, especially for the price.  I am a fan of the FAB line of effects and have several of them.  My favorite is this delay and the Echo.  They have been very durable and I am confident that the plastic body of the pedals will remain durable.  My only complaint is the markings on the level knobs.  They have a very thin pale red line that is hard to see.  This could have been more thoughtfully desingned with a thick bright white line that would contrast against the knob surface.  This can be done yourself with a paint marker or whiteout brush, but it should have been considered ahead of time. overallrating 4   lineend
name garmenteros review Bought this for a friend. Cheap plastic enclosure. Affects noticeably your guitars tone and is not exactly a useable delay. He tried to use it for his cleans for our punk ska band but there was no messing with the controls to get a suitable delay. Stay away from this one and get a better used pedal. overallrating 2   lineend
name Mr Goop review The Danelectro FAB  series of pedals offer a great sound without digging into your budget.  The D-8 600Ms Delay effects pedal works great and gives me as much delay as I need .  There's no fancy bells and whistles but just good old manual adjustments that lets you dial in the delay you want with no effort at all..  This series of pedals ( FAB ) have hard plastic cases and less expensive hardware than the more costly units but works quit well.  Danelectro offers more expensive units but I don't think the sound is much better, just the hardware is better, but that's my view!!!.  You can't go wrong with this product, Danelectro has been around for years and makes a great product...I have six Danelectro effects pedals and they all work great... overallrating 5   lineend
name Risenheart Consulting review Like most of the other Danelectro pedals this one has a great sound and in this case a fairly inexpensive price though it is higher than most of their other pedals.  Once again though get the AC-DC adapter for it as it'll put you in the poor house supplying 9v's to it...it eats them like candy overallrating 5   lineend
name STEPHEN MOREAU review The delay pedal was inexpensive and it works.  I dont find a lot of variance in the adjustments, but it does the job it was made for.  The case may be plastic but it appears quite rugged. overallrating 4   lineend
name StevenEddy review  I love these cheap little pedals.I don't know if these would make a long tour with rough use - but they will be good for small club use with a careful handler.Great for around the house and rehearsal.A little noisy - but what do you expect at this price, right?So far very reliable after a few months of use. I will take this out on a little club tour and post back with problems and reliability concerns and if there are any preventative measures to address beforehand.Otherwise - great product. They look cool also - like something out of the 60's Star Trek or something.                                     09/27/2013I still use this pedal on my main pedal board - it just sounds so good!Sound guy asked me about it the other night - and when I showed it to him he didn't believe me.$10 for some of the best analog delay sounds out there - who needs boutique pedals? overallrating 5   lineend
name StratDude review I have two delay pedals, both inexpensive (this one and a Behringer) and although this one is even cheaper than the already cheap Behringer, the Danelectro sounds more natural.  The Behringer has a somewhat brittle high end to the delayed signal, which is perfectly ok for some applications.  The Danelectro has a warmer, almost analog feel.  It sounds awesome when used in conjunction with your lead boost for solos.  The case is plastic but unless you eat 3 times your weight at the Golden Corral buffet then jump up and down on the pedal with both feet, you're not going to break it.  The only thing I don't like is that the three control knobs are facing away from you when you use it.  I suppose this was done to allow the knobs to fit into the review  er once wrote, there are guitarists who would rather catch AIDS than be seen with cheap pedals on their pedal board; I, however, think some of these cheap pedals function quite well, and in some cases, just as well as their more expensive counterparts.  If you have the nerve to put this pedal in the same board with your Holy Grail, OCD, and other \"boutique\" pedals, I promise the other ones won't catch AIDS from this.  In fact, the whole ensemble will benefit. overallrating 5   lineend
name WAYA review I've owned two of these pedals and they both  had the same quirk. The delay is amazing, the repeats trail and decay beautifully,The controls give you a wide range of tones...But, They've both randomly gone into a feedback loop on me!  One constant high pitched screeching tone!My signal chain was low gain, And its done it when it was the only pedal In the chain, so It's not  another pedals Influence... I love the sound, but, I won't use it live in case of feedback...That being said its still a very good pedal. overallrating 4   lineend
name Benjamin Babeshkin review I replaced the older strings in my acoustic guitar.  While these strings are a bit harder to play (they are not forgiving on the fingertips of people just learning how to play) they do sound great. A lot better than the stock strings that came with the guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name jb review Whenever I played with traditional strings, my fingertips would turn green. This was because bare metal would react with the salt and sweat from my fingers and oxidize (similar to the Statue of Liberty). This corrosion causes the strings to become duller and worn out. The defining feature of this product is the coating which is meant to prevent moisture from causing this reaction. Therefore, your strings last much longer. Traditionally, the coating has reduced the sound quality of guitar strings. However, this product is wonderful! For the first 3 days the strings sound strange. But after they stretch out a little, they sound perfectly fine. My fingers have stopped turning green; proof that the product works! I have yet to buy another set of strings.2 months later:These strings have been great, but I do have to admit they do not last 3 to 5 times as long as advertised. They last about twice as long. overallrating 3   lineend
name Jeffrey review These are outstanding strings that sound great; just a littler softer (to my ears) than the standard Martin strings. They last longer and are worth the difference in price over regular, non-coated strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark Burgess review These do really well. I only wish I'd ordered the light's. I usually buy the Elizir, but I thought I'd give these a try. I'm sorry Martin, but I like the Elixer's the best. Just my opinion. overallrating 4   lineend
name Thomas Saliceti review If you can't afford the best guitar on the market -then buy the best strings. I would highly recommend for any acoustic guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam Mohr review People tell you you need to buy a 1000 dollar tube amp to sound good..shuuut up..mic this through a PA and you;re set never need another amp againUse amp modeling software that fender includes and you have a vast array of tones..for 100 bucks..Spend money on a top end guitar if you get this amp its all you need overallrating 5   lineend
name B. T. Corneto review  I haven't picked up a guitar in 15 years, but this was a LONG Winter and I needed something to occupy my time.I broke out my Strat and discovered that the amp was dead - mice had eaten the wiring.Crap.So - Online to see what defined \"State of the Art\".  This is It.If you need a basic practice amp that, with a decent laptop and internet connection, can help you produce ANY sound with a few simple instructions THIS IS IT.No Foot pedals or expensive add-ons [until you really have to have them]... Just pure creative sound that won't break the bank.Buy This Amp ! overallrating 5   lineend
name Colin Hendrick review The last amplifier I purchased was a Fender Twin valve some years ago. It is difficult to use in a small apartment - too loud!! So, after giving up trying to use this with the volume at '1', I searched for a smaller thing. This amp looked suspiciously cheap and, although the reviews were great, still was concerned whether it would be good enough. It arrived and I got into realizing it went on the web for downloading presets and all kinds of features, including recording. This was really a mind blowing thing. The built in sounds and effects are better than many of my effect pedals, and I no longer use my Zoom. Setting it emulate a twin reverb, with the effects used lightly, I am amazed at both the quality of this 'practise amp' and recommend this to anybody who wants a huge bang for their buck!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name giubaloo review This amp is a ton of fun. The presets sound great by themselves, but you can also spend hours tweaking the sounds with the Fender Fuse software. It is a fun little amp for both pros and beginners alike. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeffro review I LOVE THIS AMP. Here are the reasons: Solidly made, everything is high quality.  Best of all it comes with Fender Fuse software whereby you can hook it up to your PC using the USB cable (included) and &#34;control&#34; all of the amps features over and above the actual settings on the amp(without even touching the knobs) INCLUDING special effects like various stomp box add-ins, effects like reverb, distortion, phaser, factory presets on the dials etc and you can even select different amps on the PC screen visually. You can also go online through the app and download presets other people have created. If you want to play a Pink Floyd song you can download a David Gilmour preset and there you go. You got your Dark Side of the Moon and The Wall preset ready to go.  This is so cool and 20 watts beats 10 and works for me.  I can record directly from the amp into my PC Mixpad software program. overallrating 5   lineend
name jerkowitz review I got mine in a trade for practically nothing. I figured I could sell it and make a few bucks, saw the Mustang amp around but never gave it any credibility, looked like a toy to me. Anyway I decided to plug it in and was shocked at the full sound of the little 8 inch speaker. I researched and found there is a program called Fuse that can interface with the amp. I downloaded and linked to the amp, there I saw you can make a lot of changes that can't be done with just the knobs. I saw it had a Deluxe Reverb setting. I have the Deluxe Reverb Reissue so dialed in the same settings with the fuse software. To my amazement it sound like a smaller version of my Deluxe! Fender really got close with the modeling. I went ahead and programmed a few more patches and set up a footswitch to change between 2 settings. I liked it so much I went out and bought the Mustang II. I almost like the Mustang I better but the II does have enough power to gig with if you aren't a loud band. I will leave my Deluxe Reverb at home for my next small gig and use the Mustang, maybe even the little one and mic it up.. overallrating 5   lineend
name John review I ordered this and it arrived surprisingly quickly.  It arrived in a large box and within in the Fender Amp box.  I guess 2 boxes is good as it provides more protection.  Sadly, when I tried to use them amp, it didn't work!  I checked the wall plug, cord, flicked several switches and knobs but still didn't work.  Needless to say, I sent the amp back to Amazon which was quick and painless.  I wanted an exchange.  I expected the amp to be received and check out and only then a exchange amp sent to me.  But I was shocked to find out that as soon as the return UPS label was recorded at the UPS store, they shipped out another amp.  And it arrived in 4 days since I returned the first one!  WOW!!! That's customer service.The amp is great.  Small footprint, sounds great for what I want it for which is bedroom/basement practice amp.  Does it's job very nicely.  I explored the FUSE software and the potential is almost endless.  Honestly, I don't think I will every fully utilize the full capability of the FUSE software.  I just need some basic sound and some simple tweeking here and there.  I may use someone else's uploaded presets and play with the various options later on.  In summary, 5 stars for the amp and 5 stars for the customer service. overallrating 5   lineend
name John review This is really a great amp for the price.  If you're new to electric guitar, and you want an amp to get started, buy this one.  It has incredible versatility, and you can get started with trying out a huge range of different sounds without having to invest in a variety of effects and different amps.I got much more than I expected for the price of this amp.  I really like the Bassman and Twin Reverb settings.I won't claim that you can buy this amp and never have need for something bigger, better, vintage tube, etc., but this will more than meet your needs to use at home.  Buy the 20W version, which is plenty loud for home.  Later - when you have the skills to justify it, start buying some tube equipment.  This amp will help you figure out what tones you like for the music you want to play.I considered various new/used amps in the same price range, and I'm extremely happy I picked this one.  If you came by my house with some other brand new amp that cost twice as much as this and wanted to trade me, I'd tell you to go away.  But if you stop by with a nice Twin Reverb, I'd give up my Mustang ... but then I'd go buy another one. overallrating 5   lineend
name John S. review Bought this amp probably about two years ago. The amp has 3 levels of 8 presets each, for a total of 24 unique presets, ranging form heavy metal distortion sounds and reverberating clean tones. (The '65 Twin Reverb on the Orange Level is by far my favorite.) The amp includes gain, a volume and separate master volume knob in addition to bass and treble knobs. I feel like it is a bargain at any price. A great amp for practice and beginners. overallrating 5   lineend
name Josiah Springman review Takes you hours to play around with all the sounds. Built in tuner and added foot switch makes it good for stage. Nice and loud in a small package. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Swanson review I love small amps and have played many of them over the last 25 years. I still own a few, my favorite being the first Super Champ from the early '80s; Rivera nailed that one. I naturally prefer tubes for that true tone, but tried one of these out last year at a pal's place and was sold within two minutes. I bought one six months ago and after playing it almost daily since then I can say without doubt that this is the most versatile solid state practice amp I've ever used.For the money it's a crazy deal. I have never once used the included online stuff or the Ableton software, so those add even more value to this package, no doubt. All I wanted was a warm up amp with real tone, and this is that and plenty more. My all-time favorite tone is the clean glassy Fender late-'50s/early '60s sound, typified by the Bassmans and Twins and Deluxes of the pre-CBS era. That tone needs tubes to really sing, but to my amazement the amp modeling of this Mustang comes amazingly close to that sound without tubes. You'll always miss that tube sag but the crispness and snap is all there, especially on the Bassman settings. My Strats sound so damn good through this on clean settings, and my PRS absolutely smokes with real lease-breaking volume on Super-Sonic (dial the gain way back for a nice low-throttle roar).Having gain, volume and master lets you dial in a TON of tones with each amp model, and the two separate effects knobs let you add chorus/tremolo etc plus various reverbs/delays etc, though I find myself keeping everything totally clean as time goes by; if I can't get the tone I want with my fingers then I need to learn how to is my motto. And this amp is so accurate that I can.Above all, this Mustang is MUSICAL. For a small amp that's a real feat, but for 100 clams it's a near miracle. Add a built in tuner (the most useful \"extra\" ANY amp can have), good effects, great amp models, the software and more online amp models (which I'll get around to one day but so far I get all the tone I need from the amp as it is), plus 20 watts for lots of headroom, and this is a straight up steal for a bill.The only thing missing is serious bass at volume, but this is an 8 after all, not a 10, so you'll always miss some of the real bottom. But what's there is solid and tight and only craps out at top volume; only with a rock drummer will you need more roar than this provides. You could easily do quiet jazz and folk gigs with this puppy.All told, the Mustang I is easily not only the best value practice amp of them all out there now (Crate and Line 6 etc don't come close), but paired with a mini-Strat this would be the absolutely PERFECT beginner's set up for a kid looking to play anything from the Beatles to Metallica and everything in between.Can't recommend this highly enough to anyone who thinks real tone can't come in a small solid state amp. It can, it does, and it's cheaper than I can still believe.Fender truly went to 11 on this one.Leo would be proud! overallrating 5   lineend
name loumann review The Mustang 1 was a great buy for another great Fender product.  It has more bells and whistles than I can mention but it's sophistication is lost on me.  I was looking for a clean crisp sound with little or no distortion and with the Mustang it seemed that's all I was getting.  Great little amp, just not for me. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mike Reynolds review  I bough this amp for my 9 year old son who is learning guitar for his Christmas present.  I thought that since I love Fender guitars and since he has a mini Squier we'd like to get something in the Fender Family.  I seriously expected a cheap imitation of a Line 6 Spider with a Fender logo slapped on it.  I should have had more faith in Fender.I am blown away by the sounds that come out of this amp.  The AMP models are far more real and interesting sounding than any modeling tool I have ever used.  The amps don't sound digital or processed, they actually sound overdriven when you crank the gain.  You would swear that there are tubes in this thing when you listen to it.  I can't get over the Bassman, the twin Reverb and the Deluxe.  They sound so full and strong.My biggest compliment of the Mustang is that it is the ONLY modeling amp that has great sounding Vintage tones.  Line 6 has tons of metal stuff, and a lot of weird niche tones.  Vox has never really made great modeling stuff.  Digitech sounds super processed and the vintage tones are terrible.If you play Blues, Rock, Classic Rock, Country, Funk etc... This amp is for you.  There is just enough metal or heavy sounds to have a few choices for Modern Metal, but Metalheads might be better off with the Line 6 stuff.The other great thing about this amp is how easy it is to tweak the tones using the amp controls.  By looking at the controls, you know right where you are and what you have to do to edit your sound.  You don't need to dive 5 levels deep into an LCD screen in order to make great sounding tweaks.But if you like to go deep, you'll love the Fender Fuse software.  It is easy to use and there are countless user submitted tones to help shape your sound.The fact that Fender not only included FUSE with this amp, but also the Ableton recording software that is also pretty user friendly and fully usable without having to pay to upgrade anything, is just frosting on the cake.I am a father of 4 who normally has to practice at night and being able to have an amp that can get quiet but still sound amazing, with the added features of a headphone jack and an AUX in, I can play whenever I want.  I am actually selling my nice Tube amp and using the Mustang as my only amp for now, and I feel like I am not missing out on any features or downgrading my sound at all.The value of this amp is amazing.  People will shell out 2-3x as much for a Line 6 modeler, but the vintage tones will not sound anywhere close to as good as the Fender tones. overallrating 5   lineend
name nette review This amp is awesome! Its great JUST like it's advertised. I play more of the modern metal side but i managed to make quite a few sick distortions using the Fender Fuse software. Fender Fuse is very simple to use and once you get the hang of it you can get more detailed & advanced with your settings to get the tone you desire. The amp itself has 24 presets (as advertised) & are shown in 3 different colors (Red, Green, & Orange)  and you can totally customize the presets. So if you want 24 different distortions go for it! Another thing it comes with ableton live but its just a demo version of the program so u can look at the tutorials & learn how to use it & record some music but you can't save them (bummer i know) BUT! it gives you some kinda pass that allows you to save a few recordings. One last thing you can purchase a one button foot pedal (about $20)the Fender mustang 1&2 can only USE the 1 button foot pedal the foot pedals that uses 2 buttons or up can only be use by Fender Mustangs 3 & up REMEMBER THIS! overallrating 5   lineend
name Nunya Bizness review I have been playing for over three decades, and it has been a while since I have owned an electric guitar.  I bought this amp along with a Epi Les Paul 100.  All I can say is wow!  This is a great combination.This amp has almost an unlimited number of tones and effects.  Well built and looks even better in person than the picture.  Plenty of power as well.  Better than anything including the stage quality amps like Marshals from back in the day.  A great practice amp, but good enough you could use it for a small gig.  Going to pick up the optional foot switch.If you buy you won't be disappointed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Orcatrino review I've just received my Mustang I and have spent an hour playing with it and the Fuse software.  This thing is outrageous for a practice amp and I've never heard anything like it in its price class and size!  With a good instrument mic and a decent monitoring system, I think you could probably gig with this thing.  One feature in the Fuse software that no one seems to mention is the ability to add an overdrive or compressor module \"post gain\" (after the preamp). This is an incredibly useful tool for controlling the overdrive characteristics of the amp models.  In effect, Fender has given this amp the ability to emulate power section saturation as the overdrive module sounds very different and much mellower post gain than pre gain (before the preamp like a normal stomp box).I don't know of any other dedicated modelers that do this except maybe the Axe-FX - and that costs about 20 times more.  Power section saturation is highly desirable and is the reason why we're seeing a lot of very low power tube amps like the Fender Champion 600 and Bugera V5 these days. Their problem is that they're pretty much useless for clean sounds at louder volumes - they don't have enough power for that so they're really only good for overdriven sounds.  Not so the Mustang I.  I think Fender has hit the perfect combination of flexibility and and simplicity in one package.  This thing sounds way bigger than it looks and way better than its price would suggest. It has the classic Fender sound and feel of many different Fender amps without the weight, cost and tube replacement needs.  What's not to like? overallrating 5   lineend
name Paula Gallagher review For $99 you get the best good sized, heavy duty, high quality amp with tons of SOUND!-Construction: Solid, good material and parts, Fender used the good stuff.-Sound: Nice clear & LOUD sound especially for an 8\" speaker and 20W amp. You can definitely jam with a drummer no problem, or just shred it wearing headphones.-Effects: There are 9 \"amp models\" (i.e. \"57 deluxe\ \"metal 2000\ etc...) and with these 9 amp sounds to choose from, you can apply 24 effects on top of any of the 9 amp models.The effects include chorus, deep chorus, flange, tremelo, vibration, phaser, step filter, delay (150ms, 300ms, 700ms), Reverb, large hall, small room, echo filter, octaver, etc...)So what are the presets? Each of the 9 amp models has been pre-programmed with three different presets (meaning a professional put three different combinations of effects on the amp model to showcase its best sounds).When you select a preset, like the first metal 2000 for example, the minute you touch the \"gain\" knob, the gain that was programmed for that preset now becomes whatever level you set. Same with treble, bass, volume, and all other effects. The moment you touch any dials or effects knobs, you have custom control to tweak each preset, just temporarily, or save it if you wish.It's so great, because often I feel I would have made a present slightly more this or that, simply grab the gain or change the treble, or move from delay to reverb and make it your own! Very easy.-Ease of use: Plug in your guitar, spin the dials to select the presets and to change the effects. Plug in ipod or computer with 3.5mm male cable. It's that easy!-PC Software: I've heard their is trouble installing, mine said \"error\" and did not install on Windows 7. I know there are ways to fix this, and I will do so when I have some time. Comes with a USB cable (mini for the amp, regular plug for the computer). Works for mac or PC, get more presets, use effects pedels and recording instruments through the computer. Play on guitar rig and amplitude. Awesome.-Size: Perfect. Big enough to give it a serious look, and a quality feel. Small enough to fit easily under a table, next to your desk, etc. Looks like 18\"x18\" to me. The front metal-looking grill is mesh, but quality and looks great.-Tuner: Super simple. Doesn't tell you which note is in tune, just tells you left, right, or green in center for \"in tune\".All in all when compared to the Line 6 Spider, and many other fender amps, this one has the quality sound, the dozens of different effect combinations, input for a footswitch, aux for ipod, and USB for computer. It has it all. I jam through headphones for hours each day since I bought it. The reverb and gain distortion are so clean, and the clean channels on some of the amp models have really good tone. My guitars sound way better than they used to through my old mini fender amp.Don't sleep on this, it's $99 for a loud quality amp with $1,000s worth of effects peddles built in.And did I mention, EASILY CUSTOMIZABLE so easy I could teach a 5 year old. Select a preset, change the dials you want to change, make changes permanent only by hitting \"save\" otherwise presets stay the way the factory made them.LOVE THIS AMP, and I've shopped EVERY comparable model. This is the one, hands down worth a minimum of $150.Louder than my friends 60W!:D ONE LOVE FENDER MUSTANG YOU ROCK! overallrating 5   lineend
name Reviewer review Great little amp, but get a tube amp if you're serious about playing guitar. It will sound a lot better and it's not too much more expensive. Solid state just isn't the same.I'll also say that it's quite difficult to get a natural sound out of this amp without a lot of tweaking. Even then, you won't get a great clean tone. The Fender Champ X2 is a great alternative to the more expensive and desiralble vintage Fender Vibro Champ. Go with Quality and save yourself a future purchase (resale vale is great on the X2 as well). overallrating 4   lineend
name Roger review It's been a while since last we got together. The old amps we had were way too big. For me this one is just right.Fender Mustang I Electric Guitar Amplifier overallrating 5   lineend
name SeBo review  Well over the past 4 years I've been running through a bunch of these mini, micro, battery powered, small tubed, and solid state, model budget amplifiers.Lets see, done all the Blackheart small amps, the Vox mini-3 & AC4TV, Roland MICRO-CUBE, plus a few other small amps. I just sold my Fender Super Champ XD and wasn't going to get another amp because playing in my apartment with neighbors, I just cannot jam the way I'd like to...I really liked all the above named amps but they really didn't give me the options of cranking it without disturbing my neighbors. Loved the Fender Super Champ probably the best, but there wasn't a headphone jack. Same with the Blackhearts and the Vox AC4TV and the potential of these amps just couldn't be used by me. So I settled on the Vox Mini-3 (4watt), because it has a headphone jack, is also A/C or battery powered, among a lot of other great features and sounds.. but I did have to give up tube amp option...So as I said I sold my Super Champ like a week ago and as I was mailing it out using the Amazon online mailing appz when I saw a picture and price (in the browser) on this new Fender Mustang I and I figured... what the hell. Lets see what its got to offer for under $100. I mean everyone was giving it a 5-star rating, so whats a $100 bucks, even though I've never had a good sounding solid state amp.Well I must say this thing rocks! There are like 3 phases of model amps, most I didn't like at first but was able to fine tune most of em to sound pretty great. I mean its only a $100 amp so it cannot be compared to the real deals, but it does stand up pretty nice. Plus it has the headphone jack (and a couple other plugins and effects) and this thing will blow your ears out. Most amplifier headphone jacks.. tap out and never got loud enough for me, but this thing screams and blow-out your ears. I've had it now like 3 days and was thinking about sending it back, but for $100, there's nothing in the market that can compare or compete with its, SOUND, low pricing, and options... So I'm now glad that I sold my Fender Super Champ XD and bought this one and put the other $150 back in my pocket... ya!This is the best solid state amp I've ever owned and I still miss the tube option.. But I'm sure something better will appear next year and until, then... well a person just cannot go wrong by buying this Fender AMP! overallrating 5   lineend
name S. Griffith review This little amp is amazing.  It's loaded with a lot of samples of other great amps, AND you can plug it in to your laptop and record it directly and you can go online and download other samples directly to your amp.  I love it!  If you need a practice amp (and you can plug your headphones in to it so you can practice in private) then this is the amp you  should buy.  The price is right, and the size is right.  Enough said.  Buy it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Sirius review It looks nicer than pictured, seems solid and well-constructed, but most important of all it sounds fantastic! I've only had this amp now for roughly a day, but stayed up a good part of last night playing. I couldn't stop. This morning I opened the outside doors and cranked it all the way up to about half volume. (Scared the cat and made the dog wonder what the heck that new thing is making all the noise.) Beyond the halfway setting, it would've hurt my ears. Yes, it's that loud! Absolutely more than enough amp for your practice and small-event purposes. So far, I've only played through the amber pre-sets and only experimented some with the modulations knob. I like the bluesy, tube-effect modelings the most and don't know that I'll see much need to go looking to create a lot of custom settings. But it's nice to know this amp can deliver, either with or without the additional FUSE software, such an incredibly diverse array of sounds should the need ever arise. Thanks, Fender! overallrating 5   lineend
name stefanj review I got this on sale from GC for $80 shipped (plus $7 tax arrrgh). First and foremost this amp is AMAZING.  All the hype and positive reviews you read are all true.  My playing style varies from horrible attemps at sounding like a real player to half way decent renditions of actual songs (lol) and this amp does it all.  The tube amp models sound like real tubes and have a tone and sound that just can't be described, they have to be heard.  The modulations, and del/reverbs are well done also.  There are a few of the effects that sound a little vanilla or digital but those can be tweaked with the Fuse software (or taken out completely).  All the controls are pretty easy to understand and adjust, and it does not take a brilliant mind to figure out how to make the amp sound good (even with my substandard playing ability!  Both of my cheap guitars sound great thru this amp.  The tuner is pretty accurate and easy to use.  Headphones work well also.  About my only real complaints are so minor- no place to store the Power cord or USB cord (included!).  Printed documentation is pretty lame but the included DVD is more through.  The Fuse software has to be downloaded and as I have limited online speed this took over an hour.  The headphone jack is a 3.5mm and most good headphones are still using the 1/4\".  Not a big deal but the 3.5mm to 1/4\" adaptors are somewhat weak and can be very touchy.  The amp gives an audiable POP when powered down.  No corner protectors on this.  All in all if you are looking for a great small amp this will give you $1000's of dollars worth of effects and amp models all for under 100 clams! overallrating 5   lineend
name SuperGlide review Originally put-off by the low price, I went with the reviews.  Simply AWESOME!  This amp is packed with features.  Beginner/Intermediate level player would be very pleased!  The best part is, it's not at all complex to learn the features. overallrating 5   lineend
name Timothy Eastman review  Great little amp to mess around with. The various sound changes and the range of sound mimics is amazing. The software that came with it is a little limited for true professionals but has more than you need for home use. Don't be fooled by the small size, this baby pumps out the noise quite well. I'd rarely turn my master volume above level 4 (of 10) for home use and at small local taverns I'd set it at around level 8. For a regular venue I have an extra Marshall 500-watt speaker system.You will need time to read the manual and learn the settings making it fun to see what kind of effects you can get. No pedals needed with this thing. I only gave it 4-stars because I later bought the Mustang III which has a bunch more features for an extra $200 and a blow-out 100-watt speaker. (The Mustang IV is the same as the III but with 150-watts. Again, you can but an extra 100-watt speaker for $40, making the extra $200 for a Mustang IV a waste.) The Mustang II is the same as this one but with a 40-watt speaker and $100 more.If you need something to play with at home and want to try different effects and sounds this is a good one at a cheap price. If you want the extra 20-watts (of the Mustang II) just buy this one and an extra 20-watt speaker (around $30) and jury rig it. Otherwise I recommend plunking the extra $200 and get the Mustang III with a digital display readout and more effects. overallrating 4   lineend
name William McClain review When I bought this it wasn't the amp I wanted but because of budget and reviews I picked it.  I couldn't be happier.  This little amp really impressed me.  Add Fender Fuse software and its probably the best $99 I've spent in a while overallrating 5   lineend
name YetAnotherITGuy review  I got one of these here on Amazon as a replacement for my other small practice amp, an older Fender 25 watt blackface two-channel that didn't have integrated EFX (that one has been more or less permanantly allocated to my church).Great little amp. Only had it for a couple days, but the sounds you can evoke out of this thing are amazing. Clean tones are pristine. Distortion tones, a bit on the transistory side, but again, I haven't played with the setting enough (or even tried all the emulations). Controls are straightforward and easy to operate without glasses on. It is a bit lacking in low-end, to be expected from a small 8\" speaker. But that is okay for practice and rehearsal. It is loud enough for rehearsal with a drummer (depending on the style of music). I did purchase the single button footswitch as well and it works great at switching between any TWO settings you define.Have not had a chance to mess with the included software, but intend to do that when I have time. I like the fact that I can tweak the amp to my EXACT preferences and it stays in memory; I only really have to do it once. Great feature.Only suggestions to Fender would be to add a recessed area in the back to stow the power cord (standard computer type) and optionally, the included USB cable.Overall, for the price, it is an incredible value. Great alternative to lugging my full rig (Marshall 2X12 cab, racked Rocktron Pirhanna, ADA 100 watt tube head, Alesis Midiverb IV and some other stuff). Get yours while you can at this price.UPDATE -- The Fender software that you can download and use with this amp is freaking amazing. I now have it more or less permanently attached to my computer via USB and am constantly tweaking and refining my tones. The Princeton amp emulation is SWEET. I am going to buy a second one, probably the larger Mustang III, cause I want the larger Celestion speaker. You know, pretty much every Fender product I have ever purchased has been first rate, and this amp is no exception. And I don't care if it is made in Mexico (my guitar is a differnt matter though...) overallrating 5   lineend
name Coder10 review  im not a profesional player but i like to play once in a while just for fun and this sound great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jared Jennings review My review(s) for this have changed a few times, but no more. When I first got it I liked the sound, though it did sound a little cold and digital, and this is from someone wanting to record shoegaze/dreampop, which by it's nature is full of cold tones (reverb/chorus/delay) shimmering, a la cocteau twins, chapterhouse, lush, so at first I thought it was great. Then the fuse software was even cooler, all this customizing the sound, though it did sound noisy and needed the compressor to take some of the noise away.After all of that I finally realized I was trying to ignore the fizz/crackle/hair, it's called a few things. Go to the fender forums and look it up, or search it on yahoo/google.The thing happening with this amp I think is a few things. Fender guitars sound best through it, which is silly if you don't own a fender, and I don't and refuse to get a squire as that body is so played out, I wanted ANYTHING but a strat body, unless I have a grand to pay for an older one, I'm not going to get a rinky dink one, and I would only get one after I got like 5 other dream guitars first.so everyone has different problems with pickup quality and guitar quality. Also, playing into a modeling amp is like playing into a computer, that may be fine for some (younger folks), but to a lot of people I've read the complaints I was trying not to realize, as I didn't feel like having to pay for shipping to return it, BUT I DID!And I am so glad I did. I almost got a peavey vypyr, and I am glad I didn't. This amp, to be fair, is really close to being really cool, but that sound problem, which I read on fender's own forum/website, FENDER ACKNOWLEDGES IT EXISTS, BUT DOES NOTHING TO FIX IT IN FUTURE MODELS!! sorry, but that's some big company b.s.I've been reading of people saying it sounds cold and lifeless and all that and tube this and tube that, and I was like review  s of these teenagers that hadn't played for more than a year or two or so saying \"throw away your pedals, you won't need them\" and \"I was going to get pedals, but don't need to now\ that's kind of the danger of these amps, they end up making everyone sound the same! No matter what tweaking I was doing on the mustang, it sounded the same but in a different costume.I think this amp and modeling amps are best for beginning guitarists and I've seen some old timers getting an amp for home use after years, maybe that's for them, but I needed something to record with and practice and get the best, most real tone possible, so that means tube amp.I think if I played this at a GC I wouldn't of gotten it, and I just tried to make myself like it. overallrating 1   lineend
name Mike Reynolds review  As far as amps that model vintage tones.  This is the best.For my ear, Line 6, Vox, Crate, Digitech etc are nowhere near the Fender Mustang if you are comparing Vintage tones.I have played amps and effects from many companies, as well as many of the 'hybrid amps' that combine tube and digital tones, and if you are looking for the best recreation of Vintage Blues, Rock, Hard Rock, Country tones... the type of tones that you get from some of the famed Fender amps, the Mustang Series is as good as you are going to do.I originally bought the Mustang I for my 9 year old son to be his first practice amp and when we hooked it up for him, I could hardly let him play.The tone editing is easy through the controls on the amp.  It is easy and straight forward to see what you need to do to tweak your sound just by turning knobs.  When you add the Fender FUSE to the mix and start to download new tones from the web and tweak it with dozens of stomp boxes and effects that are free to play with and try and keep on your amp this is an amazing value. (not to even mention the Ableton recording software that comes for free with the amp.)The reason I love this amp is because of the faithful recreation of the great Fender amps like the Bassman, Deluxe Reverb, and Twin Reverb.  I have never heard a digital sound replicate tube amps even close to this well.I have heard several people say that they would never buy this amp because it is not a tube amp or because they are not computer savvy.For the Tube amp snobs...Nothing is going to match the sound of a really great Fender Tube amp.  But if you want to recreate great fender amps at low volumes the Mustang will be a great practice amp for you. OR... if you want to bring an amp to practice that weighs a fraction of what your Fender Tube amps weighs, the mustang is a great choice.  I am selling my only tube amp now that I have the Mustang II because I don't gig and really need an amp that I can practice with at night while the kids are in bed.For the Non-Computer folk...There is plenty to keep you occupied on this amp without ever plugging it into a computer.  And if you want to give it a try, it couldn't be easier to download new sounds and tweak your favorite tones.For the Metalheads...This amp probably is not for you.  Go try and buy a higher gain Line 6 or the Vox ADT series of hybrid amps to get some really heavy tones.  There are some decent metal tones to download on the FUSE, but the real strength of this amp is Vintage tones.Let me make it clear!  I played my son's Squier Mini guitar through this amp and it sounds really amazing.  I have a Fender Strat, Squier Tele and a Les Paul and they all sound amazing in this amp.This is the first piece of guitar equipment that has given me absolutely NO buyers remorse.  Unbeatable value.  A great toy.  A perfect practice tool.  You can't beat it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Orcatrino review Well, just got it, plugged in and here are some initial impressions.1. Pretty much what I expected - much more \"relaxed\" at higher volumes than the M1.2. Definitely much bigger and fuller sounding with its commensurate drawbacks.- slightly less naturally sparkly compared to the M1- will have to reduce the mids a bit via the Fuse editor.- although it has less overall sparkle, that also translates to smoother highs. I was actually a bit hard pressed to get it to sound buzzy. This is of course via the front panel only. I'm sure it can be done using the Fuse editor.3. It's supposed to be 7 lbs. heavier than the M1 but it sure doesn't feel like it. I keep looking at the M1 fiendishly wondering if there's a way to shoehorn a 12\" speaker in there.4. For the most part, the patches created in the M1 translated pretty well after the required firmware update, needing just a few adjustments here and there.5. I'm appreciative of the fuller more naturally extended low end as I won't have to crank the bass control as much as I have to on the M1. That of course translates to more headroom for the power amp.More from editing via Fuse - here are a few of the things that I found and liked.- The 65 Deluxe model sounds better with the 57 Deluxe's Cab and vice versa. The 65 has more headroom and works great as a clean spanky amp with the 57's cab while the 57 model's propensity to break up sooner works better with the 65's less sparkly cab. The 57 also seems to have more low end girth.- The Twin is a bit too icepick-y sometimes and it seems to pair better with the Bassman's cab.- The SuperSonic's Cab is a bit more muted at the top end than any of the other cabs and works well for sounds I use that have a bit more gain. It's good for keeping things from getting too buzzy. It's a very fat sounding Cab sim.- Both the M1 and 2 seem to respond really well with my Tex-Mex pickups. I have not played a guitar with regular sized humbuckers on these amps yet (my other guitar has mini humbuckers) but somehow I get the feeling that I won't like it as much as I do with the strat. I think this is understandable though. Since Fender has always been all about the single coils, I'm not surprised that the impedance relationship between these amps and my strat feels so spot on.So far, for 200 bucks... I couldn't ask for more. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul S. Brzozowski review  I passed on all the Fender G-Dec units for years,(still glad I did), instead buying the Line 6 Spyder Jam and then a Line 6 Spyder IV. They are both great amps for sure, but for the money, Fender has really got this one right.  The clean tones on this are just great. The ability to modify with FUSE is an additional layer of gravy.  The amp is just about perfect for bedroom, studio or practice. I bet more than a few of these quietly show up in Nashville studios...I still love my Line 6 units, especially my Spyder Jam cause I can play along with tracks, and I love the accuracy of the models in the Line 6 Spyder IV.  But if you are in the market for a great practice amp, or an amp that will take you from super clean to vintage dirty for special effects on a demo, Fender hits the mark on this one. It's just ridiculous what is in this for $199.I compared this to a VOX Valve modeling amp, not even a contest. Against a Spyder IV, individual tastes will vary.Only complaint is the \"stacking\" of the six effects onto just two knobs. But that is a minor complaint. Most people don't use chorus and flange at the same time anyway.If you are in the market for a cheap, reliable modeling amp that is less cost than a Digitec RP500 pedal, you owe yourself to look at this thing. Right now, it is the biggest bang for the buck. I only wish I had bought the Mustang III, but it was not available yet when I purchased. overallrating 5   lineend
name JC review Was looking for a good solution to practice guitar at night while my 1 year slept. Before I was plugging in headphones to my amp head, but it was getting kind of annoying to set everything up (take out electric plug covers, get all cords out of the cabinets, etc). Oh how life changes with a baby! :)This little product is the perfect solution.It takes two AAA batteries (some generic brand are included in the package). There are two ON settings: regular ON and \"FX\" ON. Regular on is basically like a standard lead channel. Turn down the gain and the cleans are pretty clean. Crank up the gain and you get a nice rock crunch. Nothing heavy metal, but a nice crisp crunch. FX ON turns on a little delay effect. You can not adjust the delay effect, only turn it on or off. There are also knobs for volume and tone.Plug your headphones into the side, and you can also plug in an MP3 player on the top to jam with a backing track.VOX has samples for all of their AMPlugs on their website, however they seem to be missing samples for the Joe Satriani version. I would say that the JS version is pretty close to the \"LEAD\" amplug.I have a pair of middle/lower range headphones (Audio-Technica ATH-M30 Professional Studio Monitor Closed-back Dynamic Stereo Headphones) and the amplug sounds fantastic.In the title I wrote \"wait for this to go on sale\" ... b/c of the JS branding, this particular amplug retails at a much higher price than the other amplugs. However, it frequently drops down to the same price level so keep your eyes peeled! Personally at the higher MSRP i dont think its worth it, but at the same price it is if you are looking for a nice lead tone. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike review This is my 3rd VOX Amplug I have purchased through Amazon.  They are all awesome in thier own way.  The Satriani Amplug has very nice effects similar to a flanger and delay with reverb.  Without the effects on it is similar to the Lead plug with much lighter distortion - still has nice crunch to it though.  If you are a Satch fan you will find this amplug endlessly entertaining!  If you could only buy just one, this one may not be for you depending on what style music you like to play.  I love metal, rock, classic rock etc.The first song I played through this plug was 'The Star Spangled Banner' (ala Jimmi Hendrix) and wow, the Satch effects just make it sound amazing!  The Top Gun anthem sounds wicked with this plug as well.If you are looking for a pure distorted metal sound go for the Metal Amplug - it rocks your face off(I LOVE MINE). The AC30 Amplug is real nice for classic rock and country (it is nice and clean but can go into AC/DC tones) - very versatile Amplug.The Satch Amplug is a welcome addition to my collection...I would tell you to buy it, and if I lost mine I would replace it immediately.  Same with the Metal Amplug.  If I lost my AC30 Amplug I would wait for it to go on sale or something and pick up another -  as versatile as it is, I don't play enough classic rock or country as I do metal. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rojimbo review I wanted this for overall practice however the only &#34;clear and good&#34; sound will be the satriani effect.if that is exactly what youre looking for get it for sure! it does work i loved the delay hoped it could be adjusted, it can't.still use it for practice and wont change it. its just hard to get a clean sound out of it. overallrating 3   lineend
name StormJH1 review For those unfamiliar with Vox's amPlug products, these things are amazing.  I'm just old enough to remember some of the portable options of the 1990's, and they were mostly terrible.  What Vox has done with these tiny headphone amplifiers (which weigh virtually nothing, run for 10-15 hours on 2 AAA batteries, and plug directly into the guitar) is nothing short of amazing.  They have incredible amp-like tone and get as loud as you can possibly want.  Even through a pair of $20 Sony headphones, they sound amazing.  The star of the collection, in my opinion, is the Vox AC30 amPlug, which does a great vintage tube amp ranging from sparkling cleans to Top Boost overdrive.  If you haven't played an amPlug before, the AC30 one is $39.99 of the best money you'll ever spend.Now, getting to this specific Joe Satriani amPlug, it's impossible to talk about the tone without talking about the guitarist himself.  Fans of Joe Satriani (even casual ones) will recognize elements of this sound right away.  Satriani has a very distinctive sound, which he crafted over the years using a modified Boss DS-1 Distortion and (more recently) his Vox review   playing on my Jackson DR6, which has two Seymour Duncan Humbuckers, and it sounded great.  I later tried it on a Gibson Les Paul (which is usually my primary guitar), and despite the fact it also has two humbuckers, it did not sound as good.  The distortion was much more \"fizzy\".  Haven't tried it with single coil pickups, but I think that it would likely work well with a Strat-type guitar due to the overall \"roundness\" of the tone.The amPlug is a great invention that allows so many players to log endless hours practicing, irrespective of their budget or living situation.  The Satriani model brings its own special character to the series, and if you like the tone as much as I do, might become an instant favorite. overallrating 5   lineend
name TIMOTHY A. BILLINGSLEY review  Took it on vacation so I didn't have to leave my axe at home. Fit right in the guitar case with my headphones - got my practice and jamming in everyday with some good tone and effects. Worth the price and no lugging around a small amp just for practice on the go. overallrating 5   lineend
name aashish review It wasn't terrible for someone who was a beginner with electric guitars and amp but after a while, it becomes less and less useful. overallrating 4   lineend
name applegd07 review This may be 10Watts but it can fill a big room with its sound. Not too heavy and very handy for traveling. This can't be used for concert or gigs but for use in private/family use or maybe inside a church. Built is good and the power of the sound is sufficient. overallrating 5   lineend
name C3p-BRO review This little dude weighs next to almost nothing. It gets loud enough as you need it in a bedroom (LOUD), don't expect to gig with it, and don't expect Marshall Tube quality, either. It does however, sound amazing!! It's clean, bright and loud. For metal it's got great control of the distortion tone, which sounds pretty good. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dan review A good solid piece of equipment with great tone and control! It came extremely well packed. For the price, this is one great little dynamo! overallrating 5   lineend
name Heather McRae review Good basic first amp.  Great for practicing in the bedroom without bothering everyone in the house!  Compact size makes storage easy. overallrating 5   lineend
name Igor B. review Rogue G10 10W Guitar Combo Amp Black is good small amp for practicing.Actually, it's loud enoucht for home.Recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name jinx review I thought that this may be just a joke but it turns out that it's a nice little portable amp.Of course you can't drive it very hard or the distortion gets to be too much, but if you keepit low it works very nicely and the price makes it very attractive. overallrating 4   lineend
name R. W. Milyard review  I use the amp in my shop when testing out new guitar configurations (Pickups) on the flyand then if it sounds OK go to the big boys in my blues room.The amp will reach its max in short order, but again, for what it is and the price, it ishard to find an equal. overallrating 4   lineend
name Teresa Halbert review  My son purchased this himself to go with his new guitar and he is thrilled with it.  The Amp works really well and he was thrilled with the price of it.  Great purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name TWM review A nice little amp to rock out with... So it may not be what professionals use or anything like that but it gets the job done which is all I asked. overallrating 5   lineend
name Aaron Taylor review a very recent purchase....I have not used it yet so I can't say much...however I have loaded the software on my laptop...the software has soooo many capabilities its about mind boggling.....very good deal for newbies like me!!! overallrating 4   lineend
name DeAngelo D. review Shipping was fast! Got to me in two days! And it's a great midi controller! I use it for fl studio to make beats, I just plugged it in and I set a timer to get good timing ratios for it and it installed in 8.6 seconds flat and when I went in fl studio and selected it and tried it out with some sound kits but it was slow recognizing like I'd press the keys and it wouldn't recognize right away, then I remembered the asio drivers weren't activated, then I activated them and every key I'd press it would recognize immediately! Great buy! I hope if y'all get one! It's great and making beats is so much easier now then pressing the keys on the regular computer keyboard! overallrating 5   lineend
name frankp93 review  I have a fully-weighted 88-key Alesis QS 8.1 and an M-Audio Axiom 61 semi-weighted and they're both fine when I'm just playing standalone or recording audio or MIDI. But I wanted something with a lighter touch for entering notation and experimenting with soft synth sounds, when my focus is more on writing and software than on playing, per se. The Alesis is perfect: I can grab keys effortlessly without feeling distracted by playing the keyboard 'correctly' - if that makes sense (it makes a clear difference to me).I opted for the 25 key strictly for space considerations and, while the down/up octave shift keys are easy and intuitive to use, I often wish I'd gone for a larger model to get wider voicings. I may trade it in for an upgrade at some point, but overall I'm very happy with the keyboard. overallrating 5   lineend
name NickT review First, keys are not my best instrument to play, just a beginner, I'm a professional guitarist. That said, I purchased this for my home recording studio. The controller that I had was a ION but had mini keys. I love the fact that this controller has full size keys. Works great with my Mac Book Pro and Logic Pro X. I know it's not the best controller but it's good if your on a limited budget. overallrating 4   lineend
name scottfwi review Could be a fluke, but my unit was defective straight out of the box.  Plugged it into the Macbook Pro, fired up GarageBand and right away it's MIDI connectivity was intermittent. Then it had some stuck notes.  Then it stopped being recognized at all.  It still got power from the USB bus, but no MIDI, no sound.  The jack was visibly wiggly, too.So, you're mileage may vary, but mine obviously had a defective USB port on the back.  Rather than bust it open and get soldering iron, I returned it and bought an M-Audio Oxygen 25 for $20 more. overallrating 2   lineend
name A. Fabbri review  With drum pads, I basically either get 0 velocity, or max.  And I have to really hammer on them to trigger.  Hurts after a while.Likes:+ Size+ Assignable knobs.+ Works good w/ Ableton LiveDislikes:- Drum pads!Keys are pretty cheesy but workable and expected for this price and size.I'm looking to upgrade after a month.. Want better drum pads.  :-/ overallrating 2   lineend
name Dean J Copely review Works as advertised but the keys are stiff. Pads take too much presure to activate. Nice that I dont need another interface to connect it to my laptop.After the first few uses the USB socket broke and fell off into the unit rendering it useless. Wrote to dealer that was listed as selling it to me thru Amazon only to have them tell me the wrong seller was listed. I had registered it with AKAI already so I complained to them and they sent me a new one. I had to pay shipping back the old one to them even though it was a defective product.Not recommending this product. overallrating 1   lineend
name GregoryEEEE review First off this costs extra because of the drum pads which are pretty much useless. You have to practically hit them with a hammer to get a response. The keyboard feel flimsy and they are indeed small and not very playable. There is no modulation wheel but you do get crappy unresponsive pads and cheap knobs. HATE the mini USB jack since those connections rarely last. For this price it is a 'Do Not Recommend' for me. overallrating 3   lineend
name Jim Dandy review This unit might be great if you have child hands - The KEYS ON THE  keyboard is soooo small..  Don't get this if you have Man hands! wtf U[DATE THE DESCRIPTION Akai WTF overallrating 1   lineend
name jimmytt review The size of this makes it awesome for carrying around and it all works great. I have it custom mapped for multiple softwares. I love the product and all the features for the price. My only problem is, is that the USB plug on the controller becomes lose very quickly after moderate use. This is actually a huge problem, once the plug stops working your out of a controller. I would recommend this controller for home use and to leave the plug in the controller and do touch unless you have to. When unplugging it just be careful and it'll last a lot longer. The price on amazon is awesome. overallrating 3   lineend
name Paul McDermitt review  I use this to record my band and other songs into garage band. Plugged right in, no drivers to install, computer recognized it immediately. I am missing out on a lot of this thing's capabilities by using it only in garageband, but for what I need it for, it's perfect. I use it to make drum beats and to add tambourine and other percussion instruments for our tracks. I researched a ton before I bought this one. Touch sensitive keys are great although they are mini keys. I could have got a lot better midi controller, but for the money, this one suits my band's needs just fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name Shastafication review This is a really amazing portable Midi Keyboard. This is great for anyone wanting to create music while traveling. I've had no problems with it and the beat pads are really firm, but nice. You have to use a lot of pressure on the pads, but oh well. It is perfect. PLUS There are soo many settings and options to play with, as well as setting the knobs on the keyboard to do whatever you need it to do. Works amazing in FL Studio. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dad review small and unobtrusive; just leave it there everytime you play. get in tune anytime you need to no matter what is going on around you. overallrating 5   lineend
name DM review  It tunes without any problems... and I love using the word \"SNARK\"!! I thought the creaters could have implemented the \"clip\" feature I have seen on other tuners, which tunes through vibrations, but it still works great!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name GamerBoy review This tuner looks nice, and works great. It puts guitars into the best tune. It has lasted for over a year and the battery hasn't died yet. Some might say it breaks easily but as long as it is dealt with gently there will be no problems. Great price, great tuner, worth the buy. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gary Jennings review  This tuner is great and well worth the $15 you will pay for it at most places but I've seen it as high as $30-35 and that is just a rip off. overallrating 5   lineend
name Igneous review I still love these things. I remember spending over $60 for a guitar tuner in the 80's and having to unplug from the amp to plug into the tuner to tune and then back to the amp with my guitar hanging round my neck. Now??? I just clip it and forget it till I need it and push it's little button. If I forget to turn it off it has an auto off feature if it detects no vibration for a while. A new batterry lasted me almost two years. My first tuner's battery it came with lasted over a year. Expect to pay $5 TO $6 for a replacement battery. My more recent Snarks are still running on original batteries. overallrating 5   lineend
name jb review All I wanted was a simple tuner... that's what this is. If you just want something cheap and basic with only one button then this product is perfect. Pros: Works fast/accurate and can recognize full chromatic scale. Cons: Built with cheap plastic so it may break if continually dropped. Also, tends to get confused when there is interference from other instruments in a loud room. FYI: Snark makes more complex tuners(Which are actually cheaper on amazon) that also have 3 or 4 extra features. overallrating 4   lineend
name Johannes review For this price, you owe it to yourself to get at least one of these little things, better yet, get one for each guitar you own.They're reliable and easy to use. And ACCURATE!!!You can mount these in such a way that the display points to be back of the headstock. That way, they're easy to read and don't screw up the look of your guitar.Why no 5 star review? Because they're battery eaters. The provided battery lasts for about a month, then starts dimming. Not cool. A rechargeable version would be good. overallrating 4   lineend
name John M review Saw this sucker on my bass player's head, and got one a few days later. Not pitch perfect on the fly, but keeps you very close when on the run. Unbeatable value. Silent tuning, so on stage it's almost a must. overallrating 5   lineend
name M. Lehr review  My main complaint is that this tuner is only approximately accurate.  It also occasionally fails to register at all.  I've tried putting in slightly different positions on the head of my guitars, but the contact is sporadic.  I A/B ed the Snark against two other tuners, and the snark fails to show notes that are a little flat and sometimes shows false sharp readings.  The other two tuners agree with each other and sound right to my ear.  Most people like this tuner, and on the plus side I also liked its convenience and the ease with which the results can be read.  Unfortunately my copy did not nail the pitch. overallrating 3   lineend
name Mrs. Smith review Easy to use.  I can tune while in a sea of people or other musical background.  This is definitely more accurate than a person's ear while other instruments are playing. overallrating 5   lineend
name Smurfie review As you can tell by the title, I've got another of these little babies.  Snark improved the readabilty and the new one is bright, clear and works great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Derek James review Other pedals in this category can be anywhere from 50-150 and more.  I just wanted a decent simple pedal that could be used on occasion with my garage band buddies.  This is perfect.  I've only used a few times so I can't testify to the durabilty, but it sounds great.  Does exactly what you want out of an analog delay pedal. overallrating 4   lineend
name fotoguy review First, let me tell you what this pedal can't do.  It won't do long delays.  So, if you're into the sound of The Edge from U2 or David Gilmour, look for something else.  Expect to shell out over a hundred dollars for a delay pedal with lots of knobs and switches that are more versatile.  But if you just need a slapback delay or just a touch of ambience, this pedal will not disappoint!  Analog delay pedals are known to have a warm tonal characteristic.  Users of MXR Carbon Copy swear by them.  But for around $30, the Rogue pedal will get you close, minus the longer delay time.  I've read in some guitar forums that these are the same as the Belcat and Modtone boxes.  The pedal itself looks sturdy, made out of metal.  Compared to my digital delay, the Rogue sounded warmer, although my other delay has a switch for \"echo\" that made it warmer too.  This pedal sounded good and I have no complaints.  I don't use a long delay time, in fact, I don't max it out.  I only use about 75-80 percent.  Before judging this pedal, please experiment on it's placement on your pedal board.  The user manual advises you to put it before the distortion but unfortunately, it doesn't sound good on my rig.  Placing after the distortion pedal sounded better.  However, everytime I use the dirt channel of my Traynor YCV40, the tone gets muddy.  Now it's in the effects loop just like my other delay.  The sound has better definition.  It might sound different on your amp but at least try placing it before the distortion, then after the distortion and finally, the effects loop in your amp.  Ultimately, you and your gear will have the last say.  Overall, a good deal for the price.  I'm thinking of setting up a smaller board of 4 inexpensive pedals for that grab and go situation where my big board will be too cumbersome.  And if anything goes wrong, I can easily replace the pedals (Joyo, Rogue, Mooer).  Play on! overallrating 5   lineend
name groovemachine review I have had this pedal for a while and prefer it to my boss dd7 and the anolog is much more natural sounding. Its said that its not actually an anolog pedal however I think it does a good job at mimicking anolog sound. Ive played guitar and bass for over 10 years and had a few decent pedals in that time. I might be embarrassed about the label but not the sound. great pedal. overallrating 5   lineend
name GunHawk review I wanted a delay pedal but I'm not playing for big money so I had to watch the $$$ I spent. I read the reviews on the lower dollar pedals and decided on the Rogue. I haven't had much time to REALLY play with it, but trying it out has been fun and I expect it will do the job for me! overallrating 5   lineend
name John Barry review I have countless delay pedals and racks. This inexpensive delay is very special. It has the tone and mojo of an analog delay. It won't give you a thousand features but it will get you close to that rich vintage analog delay tone that many of us are looking for. It sounds great clean or dirty. it's a relatively short delay, which is great for many genres. Long delays are generally unusable except for very short passages at the end of a phrase or surreal Eric Johnson like music. I would qualify this as a working musicians delay that can be used in the studio and in a live environment. It's bring an atmosphere of surrealism without going overboard, to your music. Pair it with a nice fuzz or overdrive and you'll be near the dark side of the moon. Many musicians use two delay pedals. I know, I often do. This one is my main delay and my 2nd delay is a very expensive feature rich stereo delay that is a bit sterile and only sees occasional usage. Both work together to help me find the tones that I am searching for. The unit itself seems sturdy and well made. I use carbon zinc batteries in mine. They just seem to sound better to my ears. Keep it unplugged when not in use and it lasts a long time.True bypass and no hiss. Great surprise as I never took Rogue seriously. Never thought it'd be my goto pedal. overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review The Rogue Analog Delay is well-constructed and feels very high quality given the price.  It's similar in size to an MXR stompbox, though the knobs are more reminiscent of a BOSS.  Delay is a very simple effect that is increasingly available on modeling amplifiers to cheap plastic entry-level pedals.I really have no complaints about the Analog Delay in terms of how it performs and sounds.  It does a good job of creating that ambient short delay sound up to about 320ms, or slapback rockabilly on quicker repeats.  It's just too bad that they weren't able to stretch out the delay time a little longer, perhaps to 450ms or 500ms.  Once you get into that territory, there's a much broader array of things you can play, including the U2-style phrasing repeats.  That being said, a digital delay is probably better for that task anyway.But it isn't fair to compare this pedal to an MXR Carbon Copy, and if you're looking for something cheap and surprisingly high-quality to provide ambiance, the Rogue will do just fine. overallrating 4   lineend
name the goat review you can never have too many delays, so i pulled the trigger.  i was shocked at how good it sounds, not just &#34;for the money&#34; but over all.  it's won a spot on my pedalboard, and i'm picky. overallrating 5   lineend
name eatablog review I was a bit skeptical about the quality of the guitar when I was thinking about buying it, but I read all the review on it and decided to give a shot.  I figured for the price ($39.99 in late Nov 2012) that it wouldn't be a big deal if it was a crap guitar because I bought it to play around with while I visit my family in CA.  When I opened it, I was pleasantly surprised!The guitar came in great shape.  It was packed well and didn't have any damage on it.  The top fret on the fretboard has some extra glue on it, but it doesn't affect the performance of the guitar.  It came with an allen wrench to adjust the trust rod and once I lowered the action on the guitar, it was much easier to play.The sound is excellent even with the strings they provide which seem like medium weight.  Overall, I'm extremely pleased with my purchase.  It sounds as good or better as my old school ovation that cost three times as much.  The pick guard looks a bit cheap, but that's just nitpicking.If you want a cheap guitar that sounds great, I totally recommend this one.  I am extremely happy with this purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name James review Sounds pretty good. Great for the price. New to guitars, but in 24hrs. it loses tune by a whole note in a few strings. overallrating 4   lineend
name Joe Bouler review I have a collection of guitars that exceeds well over 100. I have guitars that cost thousands of dollars and I also have some cheapies. Some of the best sounding and best playing guitars are the review   is my honest opinion. overallrating 5   lineend
name LARRY review Good string action out of the box. Nice looking full size guitar with adjustable truss rod and good sound deep tone. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lee review I have played it with the strings it came with and as a guitarist for 20 years I can attest to the fact that this is a great practice guitar or for taking to the James river. I used to take my $700 Ibanez electric acoustic down to that river and it was sometimes a scary thing. The Ibanez is heavy where this Rogue is light as a feather and it did not cost a lot of money. I want at least one more of these to carry around with me everywhere I go. When it dies i will buy another one. You cannot use this for performance of any kind, but for yourself, friends and family around the campsite or wherever, it is perfect! overallrating 5   lineend
name From Detroit review I've only recently heard of Joyo pedals, and that's because Amazon.com kept recommending them to me.  I normally stick with BOSS pedals - they sound good, and they're all the same size, so they're easy to set up/maintain.  This pedal was priced very well ($32), and had nearly a 5 star rating.  I used to have a BOSS Phaser (I don't recall which number off the top of my head.)  It was a pretty complex little pedal, and sounded great, but I needed money and sold it.  When I saw this pop up in my Amazon, I got curious, did some research, and decided it would be a wise investment.  Sure enough, it was!  It's obviously simple to use, having one knob and all.  Over all, the pedal sounds great, and seems to be very well made.  Based on this experience, I'm very much interested in checking out their chorus, flanger and overdrive pedals.I highly recommend this to anyone who wants an inexpensive, simple yet well-made and great sounding phaser! overallrating 5   lineend
name jim beasley jr review I just got this pedal so I don't know how it will hold up over a  long period of time. But on first play it pleasantly surprized me. It does give you some of the way out sounds other pedals my give, but it does provide a gradual increase in phase as you turn the one knob. Mine came with a 9 volt in it but you can also use a adapter. Useful tones at dollar store price= good deal overallrating 4   lineend
name kenb review I'm really happy with this pedal.  Give a good phase sounds like Waylon would use.  Simple to use, one knob and it doesn't boost or reduce the signal overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael J. Sammut review I bought this as i had already purchased tow other Joyo pedals just to see what the buzz was about.This phaser is perfect.  I do not use a dramatic effect, more or an EVH setting for leads.  This pedal is 99.8% sounding like the MXR.  I never give anything a 100%.  This is a a great phase pedal, great tone and a great price.  I am done thinking a good pedal must cost $200 and above.  This was like $35 and sounds awesome! overallrating 5   lineend
name Scottro review This is as much a reply to the guy who wants to hear from people who have had this for more than a week as it is a review for prospective buyers. I've used it for 8 months with no issues at all. It sounds great, it works perfectly and it was $40. As for quality control, I have several Joyo pedals, and I can say they all work perfectly and sound awesome. I've never used a Phase 90, so the \"clone\" factor was a moot point when I purchased the Joyo Vintage Phaser. It works, it's simple to use and I had money left over to buy more gear. I've been playing for 29 years and I highly recommend Joyo pedals. If you don't like it, get a refund. It's not rocket surgery. overallrating 4   lineend
name bk from the states review  Classic TubeScreamer tone at 1/4 the price..what's not to love? One of my most used pedals, great for over driving a clean tone amp.  I'd definitely buy it again.  Construction isn't great but at $40 who cares overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian F. review A dull, inept version of a TubeScreamer. Just sounds flat and boring. Not very inspiring. At all. (Then again, I never did really like TS's)....... overallrating 1   lineend
name carvinone review   because I know the prices will go up on the joyo stuff as more people are tuned into these products. Great pedal. Great value. overallrating 5   lineend
name C. Forbes review  Really wanted to like this one, because I loved the price. There is no way this is true bypass. The one I got was defective out of the box, and so when I checked, I saw the circuitry did not support pass through.  Maybe it is because I received a defective one, but I still wouldn't try this brand name. I am now stuck saving up for a Full Tone or something. overallrating 1   lineend
name Charlo review This is a lot of overdrive goodness for not a lot of money.  Mine has the older paintjob with the monkey on it, which makes it sound infinitely better IMHO lol.  This is intended to be used with a tube amp to achieve breakup and it does that job very nicely. Those seeking brutalzz should look elsewhere.  You can't blame a chicken for not quacking properly.  It plays nicely with other pedals and can be used to boost another dirtbox for when you've reached the part of Freebird that we've all been waiting for. The build quality is decent for the price and it claims true bypass thought I haven't looked under the hood.  Regardless of whether it's 'TRUE' or 'buffered', it doesn't color my sound when it's off.  Truth be told, I kind of prefer my Behringer TO800 tonewise- more of a personal preferance in the way I prefer Pepsi to Coke but still drink both - but the TO800 pedal isn't true bypass and the build is much more flimsy on that one. I think that if you are addicted to OD/FUZZ boxes like I am you should grab one of these for your toolbox.  If you aren't a hoarder of dirtboxes but you are just looking for a very nice tubescreamer on the cheap you can't go wrong with this one.  You can handpaint the cover with an owl or whatnot and tell your cork-sniffer bandmates that you spent an arm and a leg on it.  They will be none the wiser.  I think enough of this pedal/company that I just ordered the JF-02 OCD clone and will probably grab the Octive Fuzz when my wife isn't looking - though if one more pedal comes into the house this month I may be strangled in my sleep ! overallrating 5   lineend
name David G review 30 bucks is better than 179 for the tube screamer from Ibanez and the sound is very similar based on youtube.  I use this on the clean channel of my Bugera V22 tube amp and it makes my guitars sound like they should.  Awesome with my LTD VC-401 with 59 and JB pickups. overallrating 5   lineend
name Don B review Yep, I said it, BETTER than a Tubescreamer.This pedal has a wider gain range, far wider tone range and is much quieter than my mid 80s 'screamer.The only thing it seems to lack is the &#34;smooth creaminess&#34; of an old 808, but I can easily live with that..This is an amazing TS clone, and for the price, cant be beat. overallrating 5   lineend
name Hambone73 review I'm no audiophile but this thing is just as good as my BBE Green Screamer. It's perfect and I would suggest getting one before the cost goes up. overallrating 5   lineend
name James Moulton review I honestly was not impressed. It looked Cheap, sounded cheap, what else is there to say, you get what you pay for!!! Another Chinese copy of a tubescreamer, overallrating 2   lineend
name J.E.S. review I don't know if it lives up to all the hype and mystical powers of the all-mighty vintage tube screamers of Ibanez, but it is an exact clone including the same component values, potentiometers, ICs (JRC), etc.For proof that it is exactly the same, I was able to modify it for different frequency response (corner frequency), and add asymmetrical clipping with the exact same components in exactly the same spot in the circuit as seen in TS9 mods. Of course the board is layed out a little differently.The only reason I gave it 4 (really 4.5) stars was because it does produce some noticeable noise (hiss) at higher gains, but this is expected given the boosting stage acts like a high pass filter (this gives it the characteristic mid-range boost). It can be cut with the tone control, but it also may have been due to a poorly shielded amplifier, and or a one-spot power adapter. overallrating 4   lineend
name lunchie review If you need an 808 Clone on the Cheap this is your pedal. Don't be fooled though, it does not school the classic Tube Screamer but it holds its own. This was a main staple on my pedalboard until I found a great deal on a Bad Monkey and then sadly it came off. I was not looking to replace it at the time, it just happened the Bad Money did what I needed it to do better.I recommend this pedal to everyone and anyone who needs an 808 but has the budget of your average gigging musician :).Maxon 808 $150 0Ibanez TS9 $100Joyo Vintage OD $50 overallrating 4   lineend
name Mark A. Attaway review This is a really nice, sturdy pedal with a really warm tone. I have a Marshall MG15CFX solid state amp. This pedal sounds really good on the clean channel, but you can hear that it is not designed for a solid state dirty channel. It has given me another tool in my toolbox and basically added a 5th channel to my 4 channel Marshall. Great classic rock 70's tone! It responds really well to my pick attack. You really can't go wrong for the money. overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul McDermitt review  I agree with the others here, this joyo is just a plain and simple OD just like so many others but at a fraction of the price. I put my pedals through three tests, 1) playing alone, 2) Playing at rehearsal, and 3) gigs. This thing stands up nicely on all three. Using it with Am Sp Tele, Hiway 1 Strat, Squier 51, Epi LP Spec w/p/90 and Fender BJ, Peavey Classic 30/50. Sounds amazing in any combo. Giggin musician for over 20 years for what its worth. overallrating 5   lineend
name Pa user review outstanding pedal and an outstanding company to deal with (hossen). the pedal is everything i expected from it ..and a little more. Good crunch, nice light distortion when you want it, and it is not at all midrange sounding like a tube screamer. A definite improvement on a classic stompbox. Nice work Joyo and hossen for making me a happier guitarist. overallrating 5   lineend
name PLaBorde review In my opinion, this thing is well worth the price. Gives great overdriven tube amp sound / versatile for 95% of music - not for bone-crushing metal. The knobs work fine but do not seem to roll-off or not very sensitive / precise. . . full range achieved from 6 to noon. overallrating 4   lineend
name Reaperman review I swear this sound just ass good if not slightly better then my ole ts-9 tube screamer. You wont regret this purchase overallrating 5   lineend
name Shad Clark review Awesome pedal, I love the joyo pedals, they don't break the bank and sound awesome. Glad I bought this pedal overallrating 5   lineend
name SILVERBACK review I wanted to add to my pedal arsenal, but I didn't have the big bucks to spend on a Tube Screamer. So, I took a chance on this little stomp-box from China.  It compares itself to the TS, right on the box, and for good reason.  They use the same chip. More importantly, the construction is solid, good looking, and takes up minimal pedal-board space.  The on-off switch seems a little chintzy, but the tone that comes out of this thing is awesome. I only found that out after replacing the dead battery that it comes with, and plugging in to a power supply (not provided with unit).  It turned my partscaster into a blues making machine. It's responds well to your technique, and you can make it so funky, you can smell it!  It truly does have true bypass, and logical controls.  I don't have A TS to make direct comparisons, but for the money, this little pedal gives me exactly the tone I want.  And I saved about 70 or 80 bucks.  Ba-Da Bing! overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review There is no shortage of \"Tubescreamer clones\" on the market for guitarists in search of that warm overdriven tube sound perfect for blues, jazz, and rock.  The DigiTech Bad Monkey is one such example.  But the Chinese-made Joyo JF-01 Vintage Distortion just be the best, and it's half the price of a TS-9.About the manufacturer - Joyo hit the market a couple of years back and has now released about a couple dozen pedals that utilize their own form factor (very similar to an MXR in size and switch) but \"cloning\" the circuitry of well-known classic and modern boutique effects pedals.  Some people jump to conclusions about Chinese products, but don't just take it from me - do your homework.  The response to these pedals has been overwhelmingly positive, and there are great vendors/distributors within the U.S. that test them out and can ship them to you within a few days.  I'm definitely a fan of Joyo products.As for the \"Vintage Distortion\" itself, people have said it's based on either a TS-9 or the (more expensive) TS-808.  Frankly, while the latter is apparently warmer (and less mid-range heavy) than the former, I'm not sure there's any significant difference.  I played this JF-01 side by side with my TS-9, and it's probably one of the more exact \"clones\" in the Joyo lineup.  For example, the Joyo \"Ultimate Drive\" is an excellent (higher-gain) overdrive pedal based on a Fulltone OCD, but you can still notice differences in the resulting sound and settings required to get there (some of which are arguably BETTER than the original).  With the settings matched, the JF-01 performed almost exactly like the TS-9 in level, gain, and tone.  There probably is little more gain available on this pedal with that knob cranked full, which isn't a bad thing.  It's very responsive to your playing style and, again, it sounds like a Tubescreamer.I'll probably be keeping my Tubescreamer, if only because it's an iconic pedal that performs well.  But it's superior in name only - if I had to use the Joyo Vintage Overdrive in its place, I'd be no worse for the wear.  5 stars, highly recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name W. Perry review The issue isn't whether it sounds exactly like a &#34;Tube Screamer&#34;, the issue (for me at least) is, does it sound good? Is it musical? Does it sound like an overdriven amp?I say it does. It sounds great for blues and rock. I've only had it for a couple weeks and I hope that it continues to work well for a long time. I've heard that these can be fragile, but I'm pretty gentle with my gear. If it breaks, I'll post about it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review I ended up returning it and bought a cheaper generic model as the other one has better effect for less than half the price.  This unit is of high quality, though. overallrating 4   lineend
name F. Wise review  ers boast, this is a great unit and I hope it lasts a long, long time. overallrating 5   lineend
name R. Wristen review  Great laser, nice big fat stars, red and green, worth the money.  Point it at the ceiling or on the wall behind me.  Great effect. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tanner Hoke review Despite being so small, it will fill most rooms Completely! These are lasers! You can buy one of those cheapo keychain sized lasers and those go for miles so you know this thing will deliver. The patterns they go in are mesmerizing no matter the pace. I haven't tested the sound-feature but I've seen it on videos. I recommend this to anyone want to be entertained! overallrating 4   lineend
name Terry Schoenberger review This is the American DJ Micro Galaxian red & green laser. It is the smaller version of the Galaxian laser with the same laser power output, but a smaller beam spread. It is a compact well built unit with a power switch on the back and a small fan to keep it cool. The small power cord plugs into the back of the unit and has a transformer block on the end of the cord. It comes with a remote that works great, but has an antenna to pull up if needed, which seems like old technology. The remote has 4 buttons which allows you to select auto/sound mode, blackout, color and direction of rotation. When going through the color modes you can select red, green, red/green together or red/green changing and flashing. You can select auto mode or sound mode so it will go with the music. There is also a speed control knob on the back of the laser to have the dots stop completely, move very fast or slow. The darker the room the better, but you can easily see it in any room with the lights on. I am very pleased with it. I havent tried it with fog but I know it would look great since it has 200 beams. It will work great for any DJ to use on the dancefloor, wall or ceiling. This is a great buy under $100.PROS: It is small, bright, well built and works great. It has a remote to control it.CONS: Transformer on cord and antenna on remote. overallrating 5   lineend
name Alexandra Spark review  Only used it a couple times so far but I like it. I like how it glides onto the strings of my acoustic guitar. As someone else mentioned it's hard to get the cloth back into the clear plastic bag inside the lid, though. But otherwise I think it's great. I like how it smells (does that make me strange?). overallrating 5   lineend
name Basil review its really good i like the idea of covering all the strings width and easily applying but the point its dried fast overallrating 4   lineend
name D. Bellino review I tried this about 3 months ago. I use Fender 150L's and with it the longevity doubles. I play every day and gig one or two nights. They normally go dead in a week or less. I just did my 3rd weekend with the same set. I put it on when necessary on gig breaks. After practicing, I wipe down the strings first with a cloth and fretboard, then I put the Slick on. Next day, it's not so oily that it bothers me since I don't care for that oily feeling. I just ordered 2 more of these. Obviously, I think it a good product.Update about 2 years later: I won't do without these. They are part of my rig and I always have an extra at home in case it is time to change. They also last quite a long time, maybe 7 months. overallrating 5   lineend
name desrtroz review Purchased this for my son who plays both Acoustic and Electric guitars. He's absolutely thrilled and loves this cleaner! Great buy, prompt shipping, great product! overallrating 5   lineend
name eatablog review Open cap, rub across strings a few times.  Basically, you're done.  If you want to take a lint free cloth and clean each string after one glide over, that works well too. Doesn't leave the strings oily or full of residue.  I will probably clean my guitar strings every time I play now! overallrating 5   lineend
name Elizabeth Collins review It was great to get quality Christmas gifts that my son was pleased with. The budding musician in our home was glad to receive this item as we do not have a music store in our town. So thanks to Amazon for making this possible. overallrating 5   lineend
name E. Reyes review  This was a precent decent product, I was able to use it to clean the strings on all my guitars and it worked well but the cloth that comes with it was really cheap so when you wipe down the strings, it starts to break down and leave a lot of lint behind and pieces of it get caught in the strings and frets.  Otherwise, besides that, the cleaner itself is great.  I just have to use another cloth to wipe it down afterwards and pick off the lint that gets caught in the strings and frets. overallrating 3   lineend
name Everanor review Is kind of good, i mean it does clean the strings and oils them a little bit, tending to sound better for more time and last longer.You just get sort of bored of forget to do it every time so I'm not sure if it was worth the purchase. But is a good product.Recommended overallrating 3   lineend
name hargy15 review Using the string cleaner on a regular basis helps to prolong string life and keeps your guitar sounding bright and full. A repeat buy! overallrating 5   lineend
name Judith Johnson review  This really cleans your strings. It's fast with a couple of swipes and a lint free towel strings are clean. It comes with a little towel inside the cap but not very efficient, ok if you need it quick somewhere else. Not worth knocking it down for a little towel so I'm sticking with the 5 star! overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark review I got this to help clean my strings after constant playing to help preserve them and keep them from having oils from my fingers cause them to fail.  Saves some money on replacements...I found another product that actually gets the top and bottom for a better cleaning of the strings so I like it better as far as the whole purpose of cleaning the strings.  I use this to apply my cleaner to the fingerboard now for a deeper cleaning. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mark R. Segal review  I can't say much about this product.  I tried it twice.  It seemed like it kind of cleaned the strings, but I really didn't notice any great change.  The strings didn't sound betteer or brighter.  Now, it sits in my drawer and collects dust.  Maybe I will try it again at some point, but.... overallrating 2   lineend
name M. Evans review  This is an even easier sting cleaner than the round tin cleaner that's been around. It's better because it cleans all 6 at once. overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael W DeSilva review The Fender slick string cleaner works great when it is brand new. The great part about it is the design. The fact that it is wide enough to run along all six strings is a definite plus. The things I don't like about it is the top does not close tight enough and can come off during any kind of travel. Once the top is off or just not closed properly, the pad dries out and then it is useless. Also, the little cloth that comes with it is almost impossible to fit back inside the container once you have opened it. As stated it was really good at cleaning and was easy to use but I was only able to use it once because the top came off and it dried out. Unfortunately because of that I would not recommend this item. Go with the Fast Fret. overallrating 3   lineend
name Mr. GrvThang review I agree with the others - I've been using Fast Fret for over 20 years (and Finger Ease spray for over 40), but I believe Slick is a better product.  I give it just 4 stars, though, due to its design. The wiping cloth that comes with Slick is meant to fit in a small plastic ziplock bag inside the cap, but it's difficult to get the cloth back inside the small bag, and it's bulky inside the cap, making it a little difficult to close with the cloth inside the cap. It would be easier to close if the cap side was deeper; the way it's designed now, the cap and the applicator are equally sized, when they needn't be. That's a small gripe, though - if I could give it 4-1/2 stars (with half a star off for the design), I would - it's great stuff. overallrating 4   lineend
name R. Sadewater review  Easy to use.  Wide enough to cover all six strings in one pass.  Little to no excess residue.  Handy to use package, pull the cover off, swipe the strings, put the cover back on.  I have not noticed any effect on the tone quality or sustain of my strings. overallrating 5   lineend
name Russ review I requested and received one of these as a Christmas gift, then bought another so I could keep the first one at a weekend place where I keep a guitar. It works quickly and easily to swipe on the strings, and keeps strings clean and rust-free (important here in humid Florida) and strings last longer than they did before I started using this even though I've always wiped the strings with a soft cloth after each use.I keep my Slick string cleaner in a quart size ziploc-type bag because it's not airtight when you snap it together and I don't want it to dry out. I hope when it does dry out that I can just add some juice to rejuvenate it. I just don't know what kind of liquid to use. I don't want to drop $8 or so for a new one every time it dries out. Any ideas are welcome, please add a comment to this review if you can help me out.Bottom line, it extends the life of my strings and that's always good. overallrating 4   lineend
name Teagan Mago review I honestly don't see the purpose.  It doesn't seem to have improved my experience with my strings on my guitar.  I've used it a few times, but don't see the benefit.Edit 5/30/13:After coming back to read the other reviews, it's obvious what happened:  This was shipped to me completely dry.  There was no grease/lubricant qualities.  It was like a dry erase pad.  They need to improve their quality control.  I'm changing my rating from 3 star to 1 star.  They HAVE to find a way to fully secure this gap or maybe consider enhanced vacuum sealing packaging.I would suggest if you receive this product and it hasn't dried out yet, to place this product in a air-tight ziplock bag to reduce the likelihood of this drying out. overallrating 1   lineend
name TIMOTHY A. BILLINGSLEY review  This is the best string cleaner I have owned to date and I have owned about all of the rest. The way it is packaged makes it super easy to pop the lid and apply it. The casing is tough enough to be thrown into my gig bag and carried all over without the lid coming off or the case breaking. The 'other' string cleaner that is a bottle with cloth applicator spills out and the cloth wears out too fast - then leaves cloth pieces on the strings. This product does not waste the cleaning agent - it applies evenly and there is NO cloth residue left on the strings to pick off. The cleaning agency works so well - it looks like I have cleaned a BBQ grill when I wipe my strings down. Amazing how dirty the strings get after just a few hours of play - this product will get that gunk off. I am done looking for a better string cleaner because this product has the best cleaner in the best packaging for travel. Well done Fender! overallrating 5   lineend
name Dan Edman review While this is not a $300 tape delay...it's a solid pedal that gets it done. It's way better built than other pedals in this price range. I'm sold. I've purchased several JoYo pedals and all of them are built extremely well and perform as good as if not better than top name pedals. overallrating 5   lineend
name Don B review Does everything you'd expect it to do, as well as a couple of things you might not like.First, when run before the amp, it adds a bit of treble to the tone, and a hint of distortion.Not to the point of being unusable, but you guys playing with the &#34;Fender clean&#34; tone might notice. I certainly did.Playing with overdrive or distortion makes this issue unnoticeable, as you would imagine.Ive noticed that when using the pedal in an effects loop, the treble boost / distortion isnt there, or at least not noticeable. In my experience, of course, YMMV.Those are minor complaints though, as the pedal works well, has more than adequate delay times (up to 600ms) and is built well.I strongly suggest using this with a 9v adapter, because this pedal will eat a 9v battery in a matter of minutes.Overall its a great deal. No, its not as pristine a delay as a Carbon Copy or Boss DD, but its a fraction of the cost of those pedals, and I doubt anyone but you will notice the difference. overallrating 4   lineend
name fendertele67 review I purchased this pedal with good expectations. However, my expectations were dashed at the constant popping every time the peadl was engaged. I tried different configurations on my board but the popping remained. Overall the pedal sounded descent for a $30 pedal but I could not handle the frustration. I traded and another joyo for a Ibanez stereo chorus. overallrating 3   lineend
name Mark A. Attaway review This is a very good quality, nice sounding delay. You can get that classic \"slapback\" sound or dial you in some nice lead delays for that classic rock sound. Very simple to operate and that's what makes these Joyo pedals a \"joy\" to use. Nothing fancy, but simple and to the point. Another great selling point to me is that they are absolutely \"true bypass\". I have bought the cheaper, \"plastic\" pedals and they make noise. They say that they are true bypass, but they are not. These babies are dead quiet! I run mine through the effects loop on my Bugera V22 tube amp and it sounds great! I also own the Joyo Vintage OD (TubeScreamer clone) and it is great as well. Highly recommend!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Diamond review I've tried a lot of delay pedals and this delay is easy to use- the sound is clean and crisp - easy to dial in- overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul Hawthorne review  I've gotten a number of these Joyo and Artec pedals now, most from Earth City Sound(TX, mostly on eBay these days) though I recommend this seller on prompt delivery but don't happen to know much about them otherwise.I got this one on a whim just to have a second delay. I've had the DigiTech X-Series multi-delay for many years. The fun thing this Joyo does besides standard adjustable delay is that it makes crazy UFO, sci-fi-ish sounds. All one has to do is get a note or feed back going and simply experiment with noise by tweaking the knobs. Guitarists who are fans of Yo La Tengo and similar groups, spacey stuff will dig this box. Solid hardware, side mount ac power. Goofy graphics of an eagle though I imagine by now they've updated it's look. overallrating 5   lineend
name purnielou review 50+ years giggingowned it all 4 or 5 times :)wanted a cheap delay pedal to go into the fx loop of a newly purchased blackstar ht 5c r.since i've purchased several joyo pedals in the last year i looked for a joyo digital delay.it works perfectly, doesnt color the sound, silent switching and the knobs give all the control you'd ever need. it's well built and i expect it to last longer than me :)i highly reccomend this delay pedal. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. Mayse review In my opinion Snark makes the best tuners in the 10 to 20 dollar price range. This particular model has a metronome built in to it, the metros options are a bit limited and the beat can be lost if you are in a noisy environment but for the price I consider I bought a tuner with a freebie built in.The tuner obviously works on mic alone so if the noise level gets too high or the note too soft it doesn't register but for my use (holding my fakebook open while I play mando and harmonica) it works well. overallrating 5   lineend
name Blaine T. Jones review I bought this not for the tuner, but because I needed a metronome.However, I had to give the tuner a try as well. With my trustySnark SN-1 Tunerattached to my guitar's headstock and this Snark SN-4 on the table, I proceeded to tune my guitar. I was impressed that both tuners were showing identical tuning even down to the fluctuations as the note rang out.As a metronome, I don't know what kind of frills others may offer but this does everything I need to keep in time.I only have one minor complaint. You can't view the Snark SN-4 at any kind of sharp angle. You need to view it head on. If you place it on your music sheet stand, that's great. But if it's not facing you, or lying flat on a desk, you may have trouble reading the screen. An integrated flip out kick-stand would make this perfect. overallrating 4   lineend
name Coolkayaker review  s.  When I use my music stand, I just want something in front of me that does not need mounting that also does a great job.  This is that device.I leave it on my stand, and can hit the silver front mounted button with one finger, and it's on, and I can play my ukulele and it will register and provide the same clear electronic dial and acurate tuning of the Snark head tuners.  In addition, this one has a metronome.  I like this very much, and may well buy another.Enjoy! overallrating 5   lineend
name Ell Bee review  This product has a quiet metronome; in a playing environment, it won't be easy to hear. The tuner works on a mic, and that too will be easily overwhelmed in a social environment.That said, it's lovely to see the strings \"true in.\" Makes even first tune-up easy. This accuracy will greatly help to tune the student's ear, making \"by-ear\" tuning possible sooner.Pretty nice. Hate the color.  Oh well. overallrating 4   lineend
name Fender Fan review This tuner works well for all my acoustic instruments that I can't plug into a tuner. Banjo, guitar, mandolin, alternate tuning, even has a metronome for timing practice.Great product, great price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ell Bee review  The tuner doesn't require you to hear either it or the guitar or bass to tune it, so it will work pretty well in a noisy/social environment. Overall, works just fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name Grizz review  does what i wanted it to do and what they said it would do. works well with my stuff. recommend overallrating 5   lineend
name lfeez review This is definately worth the money. I was looking for a metronome and got this awesome unit that does it all. Bought another one for my friend! overallrating 5   lineend
name Michael Livote review  I love the way this tuner works, with a bright screen and easy to use controls. The metronome feature is also a nice addition. It's a bit lightweight, making it seem like it wont last very long if even dropped once, but it hit the floor many times on me already and it's still going strong :-) This is a great tuner at an even better price, try it out and see for yourself! overallrating 5   lineend
name Paul Hicken review It works well with several different instruments that I have. Makes tuning a lot easier and accurate. It is a good value. overallrating 4   lineend
name S. C. Dallman review I bought this after buying a red and blue clip on tuner. These are the best tuners for the money. The display is very stable and it's simply fun and easy to use. overallrating 5   lineend
name Aaron haszard review its ok for a bedroom amp its has a weird buzz that goes away when you touch any thing metal on the guitar even if the vol is all the way down and no its not the guitar i have plug it into other amps and no buzzing and it really dont like florescent lights im thinking about sending it back overallrating 3   lineend
name Charles Wathen review I hooked up my mic and my guitar pickup and it sounds good.  I haven't had much chance to play it, but so far so good.  It seems like it is good quality. overallrating 5   lineend
name Delta Echo review This amp is a quality item for the dollar range (I paid $49.99).  There is some question about sound quality and variation in quality.  We purchased two of these, and one arrived with some minor issues, constant humming regardless of volume or EQ settings.  Amazon did a wonderfully quick swap and the new one arrived without the problem.This is not a 6000W stage amp, nor is it so quiet enough to practice without disturbing the neighbors...it has a full punch output at full gain/volume, and can easily light up a back yard.Specs-Input: 1/4\" Mono (not a tip and ring jack)Controls: Volume/Gain and selectable Volume 3-EQ range knobs.  There are two volume controls, once for each side of the push button selector.Outputs: 1/4\" Mono (for monitor or mixer), 1/4\" Dual Mono Headphone jack (tip and ring supplied from the same mono channel).Power:  Lighted front panel rocker switchThe box is very slim and small, about a foot by a foot and 8\" deep, the rear is partially open, speaker exposed, and allows for cord storage.Pros--Portability, easy of use and set up.-Quality finish (leatherette with steel corners) and good construction, 6\" heavy duty lead guitar speaker-Excellent sound and electronics for ANY amp under $100.  There are other manufacturers that have small wattage amps and smaller speakers that are $30-$50 more.  Go with this one.Cons--Units run hot and cold as to quality, but if it works out of the box, it's good, if not, you'll know it as soon as you power it up. Buy with confidence at Amazon from Amazon and you shouldn't have any worries.These amps power two Squier(tm) by Fender electric guitarsSquier by Fender Bullet Strat with Tremolo Bundle with Strings, Pick Card, and Polishing Cloth - Black, Rosewood Fretboardand do a great job.Other accessories for the beginner electric to consider:Cords -Hosa GTR210 Guitar Cable 10 Ft,Planet Waves Classic Series Instrument Cable, 10 feetStrap -Planet Waves Polypropylene Guitar Strap, BlackStraplocks -Dunlop Dual Design Straplok System, NickelHanger -String Swing Hardwood Home & Studio Guitar Hanger (Shades May Vary) overallrating 4   lineend
name Joe Average review  This is my first amp, which I am using with my new Applause AE148-RRB Acoustic Electric Guitar (also purchased from Amazon).  The guitar sounds great when hooked up to this amp.  My only complaint is that as a first time amp owner/user I needed a bit more help on how to adjust the settings and this product came with NO paperwork at all.  Not sure if that is normal or if it was just omitted from the unit I received.  I downloaded the users manual from the Pyle website but it was also not much help.  But just by trying different settings I have managed to find what, for me, is the &#34;sweet spot&#34; for my guitar when paired with this amp.  Very happy with the amp and also happy that I spent the extra few dollars to get the 60 amp rather than the 30 amp version. overallrating 5   lineend
name kyle c. review If your looking for the best.quality smaller.practice amp this is the amp for u it's definitely high quality its got.10 watts and overdrive and anything else u would need on a practice amp.definitely the best amp in this.price range i would.definitely.recommend it overallrating 5   lineend
name loumann review Lots of juice, easy settings, very clean sound with all the horsepower you would need.  I haven't jacked it up all the way....I don't think the cat would appreciate that.  I get a little feedback every so often, occasionally it's a little overly sensitive to my volume control on the guitar,  but not enough to submarine this power packed amp.  How do you get that much noise out of an 8&#34; speaker? overallrating 5   lineend
name BigSteph66 review The cable arrived on time and the it looked nice for ten minutes. I don\"t like how the tips screw on and off and the fabric shielding slid out of place the first time I used it. The cable worked well for about two weeks but then it lost current in the middle of a session and I lost sound. This cable is complete garbage. Never again! overallrating 1   lineend
name Donald review Cable would be O.K. If the end connections would stay screwed together. Maybe some lock tight would help. These connectors worry me. overallrating 3   lineend
name jeff h review I was a bit skeptical at first to purchase this. But its a nice cable! No noise or hum whatsoever! overallrating 5   lineend
name Nathan V review I don't do heavy gigging just home studio play but I have had no issues with quality or sound.  It looks cool and sounds just fine and clear.  I like the metal connecters, they are easy to plug in and pull out at have a nice heft.It is not a super high quality cord but it does an excellent job for the price.  I will be buying these again. overallrating 5   lineend
name wally jones review The product was exactly what was advertised and completely filled the Job it was intended for. service was more than expected overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Hood review  Only reason i gave it four stars is it is advertised to lean back and mine does not. but it sounds great as ampeg always has, heavy duty built perfect for house jamming and practice amp. overallrating 4   lineend
name J. Walker review I bought this amp for practicing my bass at home.  I really liked the sound.  It was crisp and clear, just like I expected from an Ampeg.It looked great and felt solid.Then after two weeks it developed an annoying metallic rattle inside the case.  The rattle just got worse, louder as I played.  It was very annoying.  I didn't feel comfortable opening up a new amp and trying to trouble shoot it myself. I had visions of voiding the warranty and being stuck with an amp I couldn't play.I was sad returning the Ampeg, great sound for the price, but I was soured on Ampeg, perhaps unfairly from a sample of 1. I replaced it with a Fender Bronco which has an Ampeg emulation setting so my bass world is back in balance.Admittedly since the Fender Bronco was more than twice as expensive as the Ampeg, I have thought that I could have just taken the money I spent on the Fender Bronco and bought a more expensive Ampeg, on the guess that a more expensive Ampeg would have a better design or materials or quality control.  But a guess is just a guess and I didn't want to test that guess by throwing more money at Ampeg, so the Fender Bronco got my money.My rating of 3 stars is an average of 5 stars for quality of sound, and a 1 star for quality of production. overallrating 3   lineend
name Michael Livote review  For those looking for a solid, well made bass amp to step up to from the cheapies that usually come with beginner bass set ups, this is a hard one to beat. It has 25 watts, a line out for outputting to a PA system or bass cabinet, and an effects loop for adding effects pedals. The design is solid, well made and will go the distance. This is my second one, the first one went two years with zero problems, and I beat it up nearly every day gigging at small venues and just plain abusing it....it took it well. Highly recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name pops review beyond stoked! bought so i could teach my son bass...i cant believe how much sound comes out of this box. ampeg will always build my bass rigs, however big or small overallrating 5   lineend
name StudioDude review It might just be my pickups or my strings, but if you set the bass above seven or so, the bass gets fairly fizzy on the E string. The effects loop is useless, and it removes a lot of the character from the pedals, but that's good news because with this amp you don't need an effects loop because there is no built in overdrive. So if you ever do use a driven/distorted tone, you should just put a pedal in between your bass and this amp. overallrating 5   lineend
name W. Perry review I was really looking forward to receiving this amp. I read the positive reviews and the Ampeg name carries some weight. Unfortunately, from the moment I plugged it in there was this phaser-like effect to the sound. I tried different basses with it. I tried different cables with it. I tried using it in different places, away from computers and fluorescent lights. I tried all different combinations of all of those things and still the spacey phase-shifter sound came out. I tried all different knob and EQ settings as well. Nothing helped. So, I'm returning it and hoping I just got a bad egg and that the next one will be better. I used to work for an amp manufacturer so I know these things happen and I don't think less of Ampeg, (at least not yet).I really hope it's a better amp because the amp itself looks wonderful. For $99 it's packed with cool features like an effects send, a CD in, a Line out for hooking up to a PA and a headphone out for quiet practice. It also just looks cool and very pro. My intention is to use this for a monthly review   based on the replacement I received...see below... overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam review I purchased this amp locally and initially, I thought it was pretty cool as it was my first modeling amp; lots of potential for a limitless variety of sounds. This was my first Fender amp as well.The presets were neat and all, but when I played around with some of the review  s online or forum posts on many of the guitar/amp related websites (there's a 65 page forum post on the Fender support site that is quite interesting) and you'll find that these amps are having issues. Apparently, the Mustang I and II don't have these issues, and the firmware update did NOTHING to correct my amp. Is this a hardware issue, software issue, speaker issue? There is speculation that the LCD screen (which is not present on the I or II) may be causing problems, but no one seems to know for sure and Fender doesn't seem to care...Definitely try this before you buy it. You may get an amp that doesn't have these problems, you may not notice the sounds or you may not even care; let your ears tell you what sounds good.This amp has a lot of potential for great sounds, and it would have been nice to have faithful modeling of some great vintage amps, but in my opinion, technical issues have made this amp sound like complete garbage. I am disappointed that Fender hasn't yet correct what ever is wrong (some folks claim that Fender reps say that know what is wrong, but I'm not taking that as a fact...), but they have acknowledged that there is \"something\" wrong.Whatever... I took this back after a few days of playing with it, trying to eliminate the junk sounds without success( the built-in noise gate helps a little, but sucks tone) and I picked up a 100 watt Marshall instead. Guess what? The clean channel has ZERO hum or buzz, even when cranked. How about that? Even when I engage a dirt box on one of the dirty channels, there is minimal noise.I'll knock Fender for NOT correcting this issue regardless of what it is and what caused it, but they do have some other nice amps that I'd like to try. But before I buy another Fender amp, I'll take it for a test drive and I suggest you do the same before picking up one of these turds. overallrating 1   lineend
name Jared Burdick review     Update    After heavy play for 6 months, this is my favorite amp by a mile. I also have a ZT Lunchbox that I use for church work (miles of clean headroom and designed specifically for pedals). The Mustang III would work just fine, but I can throw the ZT in a backpack with my pedals (I only use an OD, chorus and reverb for church) and it has a lot more volume of I do youth group stuff outside and can't mic up.I have several friends that play music as a primary source of income and 3 of them purchased the Mustang for it's overall lightweight, terrific sound and low price. Played on the clean channels (settings 88-99) with pedals will give you an amazing tone that lets you forget it's not a tube amp - and for the most part, the crowd is clueless to begin with. I did purchase the VOX AC4 and it was so one dimensional and limited it went right back. Terrific for gigs or practice, a back up or just beginning guitar.So this is the 3rd amp I've purchased in a very short amount of time. I traded in my Line 6 and also purchased a Roland Micro Cube. Chalk it up to a new guitar player and a whole world of amplifiers from every price range and style. I bought the Line 6 becuase it had a lot of features and presets that I thought would be really fun. They are, but Line 6 is for metal, despite \"You can play anything on it\" marketing. Turns out I really enjoy playing country and blues (although I listen to punk, classic rock and metal (pre-1995).Enter the Mustang III. It also is feature loaded, but with one kicker. The models of the vintage Fender amps. I have a very close friend that plays a 65' Twin Reverb - he was shocked at the modeling. The Bassman is another that is just off the charts good. The LCD screen is bigger and overall very simple to use. The Vox model is also really jangly sounding - like it's supposed to. I have to add that with Vox in particular, you can get the crunch without having to use massive volume. This is true of modeling amps across the board and a huge advantage over tubes in general. For $300 you can get a Vox w/ an overdrive, delay and reverb. And you can get the full effect with the volume dialed to 3, not 11. It doesn't sound exactly like a Vox - but I don't gig. I'm a basement rockstar - the Mustang gets it done without any problems.Adding virtual effect pedals and saving the settings are easy and intuitive. That's without the FUSE software. I'm not big into recording, so I'm content using it from the  LCD, but the Fuse software is slick. The virtual pedal board is probably my favorite part of the amp. The screen is easy to navigate and you can see exactly what effects you're using where they are set at.The only reason I've given it 4 stars is beacuse is lacks low end punch and more importantly doesn't quite have the warmth of a tube amp. To be clear - tube amps sound like tube amps. If you are a metal guy on a solid state budget, Line 6 is still the way to go. If you're more into the old school r'n'r sounds, take a look at the Mustang III. Excellent sounds and value. overallrating 4   lineend
name John review I was really interested in the M3 and checked with the Fender forum and I found that there is a problem with the M3.  You can go to the Fender forum and read about it under the Mustang amp section.To make the long story short, some(not all) M3, M4, M5's have what is decribed as a \"fizz\" on the clean setting when hitting the low e string.  Sometimes it's noticably loud and sometimes it is barely audible.  Some people think it's the power supply but nobody knows for sure.  Apparently, Fender has not made a statement to its cause although they admitted that there is a 'fizz' problem.  There is also a sample sound clip there on this 'fizz'.Like I said, I just want people to know about this before buying a M3. Now, I am considering the M2 which also has the 'fizz' problem but with the the software fix released from Fender, there is no 'fizz' in the M2. I don't know if it is fair for me to give it a rating because I didn't get the M3, but if I bought it, I would give it a rating of 3 stars because I don't like this 'fizz' on the clean setting and it would be unusable for me.  If it didn't have this 'fizz' I would give it a 5 star rating. overallrating 3   lineend
name k2review review I can't say enough good about this amp. I have a Marshall jcm 800 2203 which is a great tube amp, but side by side this little amp really stacks up. First and foremost if you want a tube amp sound go buy a tube amp. But if you want something that is 90% close, well this is it. So versatile, light weight, and well constructed. Great Fender quality for a great price. Love all the presets. I have no problem with buzzing on any channel, clean or otherwise. Excellent guitar amp and I would highly recommend!!!!!! Love it!!!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Kevin J. Post review I gave it five stars! I purchased this for my young son but I find myself drawn to it because of all the really great things this amp does.  I wanted something flexible and decided to buy the Mustang III over the II because of the power and the larger speaker.I've read the reviews here and they pretty much sum up what I think about the amp. It sounds great and it has loads of power.  Since it's solid-state, it falls apart a bit when pushed really hard and lacks a little at the bottom end, but for this price?!? Wow! I have no complaints.One thing most have failed to mention is the non-amp features like the input for an MP3 player and the Fuse software that comes with the amp for customizing tones, creating jam tracks and setting up the amp to suit his tastes. Both Mac and Windows are supported. My son is a newer guitarist and has used these things extensively. Since he's 11, he doesn't have many opportunities to play with others. He can create jam/click tracks and play along. We also downloaded new firmware from Fender and used the software to eliminate a fizz issue that existed in earlier versions.People who own this amp can create their own tones and tracks, then upload them to Fender's user web site. We watched a David Gilmour concert and he was inspired. He wanted a tone that sounded like his. We downloaded a few Pink Floyd tones created by other people.  One of them was particularly great. We tweaked the delay settings a bit and saved it.  He loves it.Great amp. I can't compare to Line 6 but I can compare it to other amps I've heard. It's pretty nice.  Equally nice is the fact he can experiment with tones without spending a pile of $$$ on FX. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mike Reynolds review   for later.The FINAL WORDI am a Father of 4 who needs an amp that sounds great at low volumes. I like Vintage tones as much as Heavy stuff, so I like a variety of tones. I hate overprocessed guitar tones. This amp is perfect for me. Perfect. The amp models are great, and the factory installed presets are a great variety of usable sounds. It comes with a built in tuner, tap tempo effects, a two button footswitch, an effects loop, a digital interface, deep editing computer software, a headphone jack, a usb port, recording software, and moreAt $299 This amp costs less than effects pedals that friends of mine have purchased. I have a $300 strat that I love that sounds beautiful through it. After buying it, I have listed a Tube amp and several effects pedals that I have loved because I no longer will play it.There is no better modeling amp for my needs! overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam Mohr review A cheap guitar at best..no bite to it at all..does not get me excited..learned religoulsy on an acoustic so was excited when i got this cheap from gc for less then 100..low e doesnt stay in tune well pickups suck hard to play being its a jr and just awkward (which is my fault) do love the color and look of it..but thats not what guitars are for right..itll serve its purpose until i can afford a Real American Strat..not great at all..but passable Id return it if i could. overallrating 3   lineend
name jerkowitz review I ordered this Epi Jr because I had one years ago my Son adopted for his own and missed having one. Saw this in TV yellow and had to have it. I came well packed and looked much better in person than the pics on the website. It was set-up very well, among the few guitars I have purchased that were playable out of the box. Fret work is top notch. Finish is good, some very slight blems but if you play it like you should you'll add some of your own. There was a slight binding in the nut, most people think it's the tuners right away but most tuning problems are at the nut. A quick fix with some pencil lead or chap stick will fix it up. If you can't make your own nut adjustments visit your favorite guitar tech. When you hear the pinging sound when tuning you have a nut issue. The only thing I did was lower the bridge a bit and this thing plays like a dream. Plugged in it sounds good, you can get a lot of different sounds with the simple use of the volume and tone. Picking closer to the neck or bridge varies your sound. Play close to the bridge with tone wide open puts you in Tele territory while using the volume to clean things up or add some dirt to the sound. Add some tone knob and pick closer to the neck to get into the blues region. This guitar will make you a more versatile player. The absence of a neck pickup reduces the magnetic pull on the strings and lets them ring out. Sustain is very good as a result. I could carry on forever but you get the idea. I've been a player for 45 years and a collector for half of that. I own many vintage guitars including Gibson, Fender, Gretsch. I have the most pleasure from playing the newer imports, the quality is superb on the most recent ones. Tone snobs may laugh but my new Epi Les Paul Jr plays just as well as most anything out there. overallrating 5   lineend
name Lou review i got it ,i played for a very while and i just got shocked with a great sound, great finished guitar and for the price definitely was a Great Deal!!! i play rock n roll, i'm 34,been on the road for a while playin' and i can recommended for sure!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Nuri K review  Pretty decent sound, and it's not too small for an adult to play, but having no pickup on the left hand side severely limits the warm, jazzy tones you can get. Still very satisfied. overallrating 4   lineend
name Tommy B review I just thought I would throw in another 5 star review which is based on the cost vs quality factor. I have several guitars, and always thought Epiphone to be an inferior guitar. Well I was dead wrong. It may not have the price tag of my \"better\" guitars, but it sure has the playability and sound. Especially for the $100 tag on it. Great for beginners or a seasoned player to add to his collection. The simple, yet killer sound of the single humbucker is hard to beat. I will not shy away from Epiphone anymore. Don't make the mistake of not picking up this guitar only because it's not stamped Gibson. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bluesage review  The instructions could be written much better but I really like having one of these, in fact, I'll probably get a second one to tie to the first one so I can include more instruments.I guarantee, if you get one of these, you'll have a hard time leaving it alone. You can even work it into your live performances. overallrating 5   lineend
name Colin Hendrick review You may have experienced the problems of musicians. The drummer is drunk and the rhythm guitar is late. But you need to rehearse. This gets the job done, you can lay down rhythm lines and drum lines and get the sound you want. The thing to remember is that whatever effect you are using for the lead, will kick in on any recording playback as they use the same input jack. Otherwise, easy and a great product. The best is, that if you are playing really poor lead work, nobody can hear but you! lol. overallrating 5   lineend
name Don review  I play bass,...and have for 40 years.  One thing I've come to like a lot about playing music on my instrument is the development of various kinds of sound effects, effects pedals, etc.  Laying down a 'track' or musical run of notes, then building another one over the top of that, and then another, and another once was only able to be done in a studio.  Now, with my Boss RC-3, I can do it any time I want.  In rehearsal it is absolutely wonderful... I can get a couple of rhythm lines going, then have the ability to begin developing a bass lead line to suit,...or play along to develop my 'chops',...whatever is warranted.  This pedal, like other Boss pedals I've purchased, is made to last longer than you (kind of kidding), the electronics have been engineered with nothing but precision and control, and the pedal will do all the manual says it will.  Best bet, watch a few YouTube videos showing its use by a number of musicians.  That helps you understand a lot,...then like me you can buy one and it will bring you playing pleasure for certain. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gery Sasko review  The Boss RC-3 Loop Pedal is great for playing guitar in a band, or with friends, but also a big help practicing. It comes with 10 pre-set rhythm tracks but the real fun is laying down your own chord sequences with your guitar and then being able to play lead guitar over that rhythm loop with just a quick stomp on the pedal. It makes practicing etc. a lot of fun and meaningful. I haven't figured out all the possibilities yet - and probably never will - but it is a cool pedal to have. Like all Boss pedals, it's as sturdy as a little truck. overallrating 5   lineend
name Player review I've read some complaints about this unit.  Maybe those folksshould shell out an additional $300 for something better.To the rest of you, with the 99 storage units, this is a great tool.My band, I to be exact, uses this to store backing tracks for songswe play.  For instance, one of our songs has a difficult drum track.I just loaded the whole pre-recorded track into a slot.Or, one of our songs has a train whistle in the background.  I loadedthe effect into a slot.Or, another song we do needs birds tweeting and children laughingand playing in the background.  I recorded the track and loaded it intoa slot.Basically any instrument or sound effect accompaniment you need, butdon't have someone else to play it, you can play it back using this device. overallrating 5   lineend
name puddytat review Another great Roland product.  Really easy to use and well built .... very good sound.  great for practice.  Certainly do not get the RC 2  ... get this RC 3 model for the memory banks and ability to store the banks later...I did think of getting the larger ones but those are just way to big... Check for sales or demos overallrating 4   lineend
name Daniel Freeman review This pedal work, although I find it a little bit cumbersome in my particular setup. My issue is really only one of cable routing though and will be remedied soon enough. The M195 does perform as it is suspend to although it does play word with my delay pedal, even running the delay on the output side of the M195. The noise gate is quiet and smooth an would be vital to many with a high gain setup. I run mine in my pedal chain for my bass rig, when using fuzz and distortion. overallrating 4   lineend
name Franklin J review It does what is supposed to, i'ts a gate, and clamps the noise as good as I expected, at the begining I had problems with power, some how it didn't power correctly, but I was unsing one spot adapter and a daisy chain, so I solved it isolating the MXR connecting it with another power supply, and it work, so I left my daisy chain with the rest of my pedals and it worked just fine, also check config and the routing of the signal, this might influence on how it works, I have it right after my Wha and before my compressor, and it works just fine. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jared Jennings review I use this every now and then, it does seem to suck tone, but it does reduce noise, though I actually stopped using it and didn't hear much difference! with distortion and reverb, things can get a little noisy in there, but the original tone with everything set up is worth it unaltered. but I will keep this as it will come in handy one day I'm sure. overallrating 4   lineend
name Javier Servigon review I couldn't be happier with this pedal. I have a Les Paul/Marshall Class 5/BB preamp/EP Booster/Analog Chorus and Carbon Copy... I used to get this annoying hum and feedback when I cranked the amp up, even when I just plugged the guitar straight to the amp, but those days are long gone, now everything is nice and quiet. I even have the trigger knob all the way down and it still does its job, I haven't noticed any difference in tone so far. I was scared that the Smart Gate was a better option but this one has worked like a charm and it's cheaper, not to mention it has its own effects loop. I don't understand how the Noise Supressor or the Decimator could be better than this one, I mean, the pedal will get rid of the noise yes or no. overallrating 5   lineend
name Knoxville AV guy review I don't really care for the FX loop on my Fender Supersonic Head, as I started to get more pedals in my system and really digging all the MXR pedals. so when this came out last year I snatched one up and started experimenting with it. I LOVE it, bypassed I still get that in your face strait into an amp sound, but ingage it with my delays and phase 90's and set the gate to about two o clock and it does a great job of clamping down on the tail end hiss. very cool, and of course it is an MXR so it is built like a tank overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review I received this as a gift for a smaller pedalboard I was assembling - my plan was to try something different to compare against the Boss NS-2 Noise Suppressor on my other board.  While I love the build quality and simplicity of the one-knob setup, I can't say (yet) that I like it better than my NS-2.  With the caveat that I may not have it wired up 100% correctly, I felt that it did kill most of the excess noise, but not all of it.  Good product, but maybe not the best of all the options at the same price.  Will update this post after I play around with different arrangements and get more experience with it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bobby  W. review First off, I'd like to address any construction concerns.  The nanoKontrol2 is actually sturdier than I imagined it would be, despite some of the reviews here.  The case is rigid plastic, as are the rotary knobs and faders, and everything seems pretty solid (I like the travel feel in the faders - not a lot of resistance, but not flimsy-feeling either). The buttons are soft, dense rubber, like a pad controller, and light up when they are pressed. If you have big hands, then you might have issues with using this as a live performance controller since everything is in such a compact space.The supplied mini USB cable fits nice and snug.Bottom line, if you take reasonable care with this unit, it seems like it should give you a lot of dependable service.I tried this right out of the box with Reason 7 - there is no built-in Reason template for it, but it was recognized by Reason when I did a controller surface scan, and it was a piece of cake to map the top knobs to pan controls and the faders to volume faders and the solo and mute buttons to their counterparts on the Reason mixer. Basically, I just bought this to do crossfades, and the nanoKontrol2 will be perfect for that, but I can also see using this to automate some softsynth parameters just as easily.Next, I set this up to control Peff's Directre Rack Extension, and it's a blast!The transport buttons did correctly automap to Reason's transport controls, so you can record, play, stop, fast forward and reverse from the nanoKontrol2.I didn't download the nanoKontrol2 editor yet, but that should increase the utility of this device.If the \"S\ \"M\" and \"R\" buttons lit up in different colors (all lights are red), it would make this unit more useful as a performance controller in my opinion, but as it stands, this budget mixer/performance control surface is well worth $50! overallrating 5   lineend
name David review Item shipped earlier than I've expected. When I opened the box was surprised as I didn't notice the usb cable. But later I thought that it was impossible and opened the box from another side and here it was...I have plugged and installed usb driver and dedicated software in a few seconds. It is working fine. Though it has no motorized faders, it doesn't make my work uncomfortable at all. I have connected it to a Reaper and Protools software and it's just working perfect!I recommend it to home studios, also those who travel with recording gear. Nano is small but quite durable.I am happy with it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Erosvin review After a little bit of configuration headaches I can confirm this product works quite well with ardour2 and is my prefered method of mixing. For the price it's a really good deal. overallrating 5   lineend
name Player review Great little controller for your DAW, or whatever.Easy to set up.  Dials and sliders work smoothly.I use it with Reaper.The 8 sliders and associated dials and buttons are logicallyshiftable, so this little darling can handle any number of tracks,not just 8.Buy it!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert S.D. review Windows 7 install worked fine.I use Mixcraft Pro 6 and it's working well.I did have an issue with the drivers, since I had too many midi devices, but the fix wasn't too hard. overallrating 4   lineend
name R. READ review  Great product for the price!I am using it with Win7 64bit & Sonar XL Producer.I just held down the \"set-marker\" & \"record\" button while plugging the usb cable.I then let Windows 7 Plug & Play the Drivers (No Disk Needed).Next I set Sonar XL Midi Control Surface device as MACKIE & selected the nanoKontrol2 as the Control -Midi in and out.Now I have 8 channels of automation & stop, back, record, play etc.I am very happy with this product so far.I have to give it 5 stars on the price to performance ratio.READ THE INSTRUCTIONS!I do not recomend downloading the KORG software if used for SONAR XL.Buttons and sliders and great for the price.Cheers overallrating 5   lineend
name Adam review I was hell bent of getting an analog delay and the local shop didn't have the one that I was looking for (MXR Carbon Copy), so they recommended that I try out the TC Flashback Digital Delay instead. This is priced comparably to the Carbon Copy, but it has so many more features (I guess that's expected of a digital delay) that I couldn't pass it up.Similar to the other TC product that I purchased (Corona Chorus), this sounds great, it's feature rich, and easy to use.The analog and tape delay modes do a very nice job of emulating the sound I wanted to get from the analog Carbon Copy, but it also has tons of other settings to pull out a digital sound; think exact repeats and a delay of up to 6 seconds. Shorter delays can be had by switching to the slap back mode, which puts this pedal into instant Rock-A-Billy mode.This is tone print enabled, (a feature that I have yet to try, but it seems like a cool concept), has a tap tempo setting and a 40 second looper all in one small delay box.This is the first delay that I've owned and I'm not looking back. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bryan Harvey review TC is very overrated.Many pedals I have out performs this in my opinion.  The vintage BBDs (MXR Vintage DElay, Morley 70's echo) for example just take it.  But for newer pedals I liked the MXR Carbon Copy and Ibanex DE 7 much better. overallrating 2   lineend
name D. Craton review If you love delay and want variety, this is your pedal.  I run two amps when I play (often) and the ping pong is delightful for me.  However, in the studio, this pedal shines as well providing a variety of incredible delay options.  Being Toneprint enabled is a 100% plus.  Very clean, quiet, and durable.  Excellence! overallrating 5   lineend
name Frederick Baptist review This is by far the best delay effects box I've ever used and it has so much potential that it'll take you hours to get through ever possible sound this baby offers.  It's also true bypass which is very useful for gigging musicians who want to keep their rack as noiseless as possible and their signal as strong as possible from beginning to end.  It is built like a tank and doesn't take up much space on your pedal board making this overall a very user-friendly pedal.  Wish all pedals were built this way.  Highly recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name Joel Linarez review It's an excellent pedal well designed, perfect size,incredible quality, if you are looking for a U2 delay's stile it is perfect for you... overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark D. Davis review This pedal is a great delay pedal. works well with my marshall,Has a lot of feautures and is very versitale.... overallrating 5   lineend
name Wynn review  I have been through a few delay pedals trying to get the sound I want.1) Boss digital delay: I really didn't like the sound of the delay overall. No real positives to mention2) Carbon copy analog delay : Worked great for cleans. But totally muddied up my lead distortion tone (even though it was in my fx loop). I couldn't get the repeats to duck under the main signal3) Nova Delay : I really wanted to like this. Presets, tap tempo and a nice feature set. But the sound just lacked warmth. It was very digital soundingAt this point I wasn't sure what I wanted. Analog delays were warm sounding but too mushy. Digital delays were clear sounding but.. just too digital and uninspiring!I was debating springing an insane amount of money on the strymon timeline, when I found this pedal. Analog dry signal thru with digital delay !! This is what the magic sauce is in my opinion. Now my signal has the nice separation of the digital delay and my underlying tone is preserved. Set it to the 2290 type delay and its perfect. Sure, it doesn't have the presets and what not but for a good sounding delay, this can't be beat at this price range.Sure enough, when I checked the strymon timeline specs, I found out that it too has the analog dry through with digital delay. Just that its delays may be modeled better and it has a rich feature set. But $450+ for a delay pedal is just too much for me.Buy this if you are chasing tone, you won't be disappointed. Skip if looking for presets, tap tempo etc. overallrating 5   lineend
name Andrea Polk review Smart design, excellent performance.  What more could you want?  The Samson Meteor Mic USB Studio Microphone is a cardioid mic that is easy to set up and use, with great pick up for desktop podcasts, user testing, screencasting and similar.Being a relatively new user to anything but a basic desk mic, I had to look up what 'cardioid' meant.  I found a solid explanation at a site called WiseGeek.  They explain 'cardioid':  review  ing the:Samson C01UCW Studio USB Mic with Cakewalk Sonar LEand the Samson Go Mic both ship with Cakewalk software. The Samson Go Mic with Cakewalk Music Creator LE, and the C01UCW ships with Cakewalk's SONAR LE software, so I found it kind of surprising the Meteor did not at this price point.  For me it works out, as the others have the software and they work with the Meteor.The included booklet includes a Quick Start guide for PC and Mac, Installation how-to, the Layout (diagrams), Specifications, Polar Patten & Frequency response, and Recording Techniques for vocals, acoustic guitar, piano, guitar amp, and overhead drum kit.  The Samson Meteor Mic Warranty Card is also in the booklet.Overall, I'm very pleased with this microphone and will be using it instead of the Go Mic on my desktop for daily work which will include using Dragon voice recognition software.  I have purchased an adapter to use it with my iPad so I can play with Garage Band, and know it will be great for future screencasts.My only disappointment is in the lack of an included software package, which other Samson products (as mentioned) have packaged with them. I give this product 4 out of 5 stars (\"I Like It\") for this reason.  If Samson included software - it'd be a 5 star product for me. overallrating 4   lineend
name Andy Baird review  The product photos make this look like a small, plastic item with cheesy chrome plating. Nope! It's a very solid, fairly large item made of heavy cast metal. You could drive nails with this thing--no exaggeration.The folding legs are clever and provide good support for desktop use, but they have some drawbacks. Yes, the Meteor has standard mic stand threads in its base, so you can put it on a mike stand or boom. But if you want to mount this mic in a shock-absorbing rig (I'm using a scissor-arm suspension boom with shock mount), you'll find the body is too short for the shock mount's sleeve to grip, and the three legs get in the way. I had to make a special adapter from 1 5/8&#34; plastic pipe and assorted hardware.The Meteor's sound is great as far as I'm concerned, but I'm not a professional audio engineer, so I'm not going to try to tell you that this is the equal of a $1,200 Sennheiser studio microphone. It is better than Samson's inexpensive GoMic, which I also have. I certainly have no complaints. I've used it to record voice and ukulele playing, and it's done a bang-up job with both. overallrating 4   lineend
name D. Brandfas review  SUPER usb mic!  I use this when I broadcast from streetjelly.com. I set it a few feet away from my amp and this mic picks up the sound and send a super clean and clear signal. JUST make sure you have ALL your mic levels set to NOT CLIP and you will get nothing but super clear sounds from this mic. overallrating 5   lineend
name Samuel Chell review Perhaps more than anything else, it was the introduction and subsequent success of the Zoom H2 personal digital recorder that led to an explosion of interest among home audiophiles, who suddenly found themselves equipped to make quasi-professional-level recordings with their computers plus a minimum of user-friendly equipment at reasonable prices.  The price of the Samson Meteor USB mic, a fairly recent entry, has come down to the point of being fairly valued (initially, I was seeing it going for prices above the better-sounding Blue Yeti mic).  It's an attractive (some would say \"cute\") little mic with its quaint \"retro\" design and deceptively fold-up, portable size.  I say \"deceptive\" because, due to the non-adjustable mic stand, it can be more than a little challenging to find space for it on a desktop, next to a computer, and squarely in front of the narrator's mouth.Bearing in mind the above reservation along with the actual quality of the recorded sound (it's good, but nowhere close to studio-quality), it would seem to make the most sense for those seeking \"high fidelity\" audio to spend the extra 20% for a Blue Yeti or an Audio Technica AT2020 USB (as tempting as the lower price of the non-USB version of the AT2020 is, be sure to try it out with a pre-amp supplying phantom power before going that route.  I've known a couple of individuals who ordered the AT2020 condenser mic, only to discover that it was useless with a computer, even with the addition of a Snake Light cable).If your primary considerations are convenience and portability, the Samson Go mic sounds almost as good as the Meteor and is unmatched in size, convenience and portability.  (It scored higher than the Blue Mikey and Blue Snowflake in my auditions.)  I'm tempted to say it's the perfect laptop mic, clipping to the top cover more securely than the Snowflake, whereas the Yeti is ideal for desktop use, producing rich-sounding recordings rivaling those of a professional studio's Shure SM7B mics. overallrating 4   lineend
name Santa Barbara Yann review I like everything about this mike, except one: No gain adjustment on the mike. You have to do it from the software. That was a big disappointment, because I had imagined that the knob on the mike was a gain adjustment.Of course, if you are just recording talk for podcasts, you probably won't care. But if you are recording instruments (particularly loud instruments), you might really want to have gain control as software gain adjustment is not convenient and is actually absent from quite a few recording apps. overallrating 3   lineend
name W. Perry review Just got this today and I'm experiencing serious install issues. Please note that I'm not a newbie to this stuff. I'm an IT guy. I have a new Acer computer that's less than 3 months old with a new install of Windows 7. The mic is recognized, but not as a sound input device, just as an review  s and videos online, the mic I received would work not with that either. The Mic needs to be powered by the iPad and it seemed mine was not getting enough power from the iPad because the little indicator light was still Amber when plugged in (indicating it's not getting enough power) instead of Blue.I tried this on my wife's iPad and my daughter's too so it would not appear to be the iPad that is the problem (though it could be the camera connector, I suppose.)So...I ended up returning the whole shooting match. Disappointing too...I really like the design of the mic and so many people say that it sounds so good. overallrating 3   lineend
name A. Mayse review This bag includes several different thicknesses of picks so you can see which fits your playing style best, and the varied colors means the more vain of us can color coordinate our pick and instrument. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amber review It was nice to have many types as I had no idea the thickness I would like. It also helped my boyfriend decide also. overallrating 5   lineend
name bman review It's a pretty great sampler to get a feel for the types of picks that you may like. I also prefer the feel of these over the plain plastic ones but thats just me. overallrating 5   lineend
name John review Exactly what it says it is, comes fast in an envelope. Hard to mess up a pack of plastic triangles though. Design looks great in the light too. overallrating 5   lineend
name Zerochief review I bought a bag of these various picks just to throw around our practice studio. Most of the band members don't mind them. Its great to have picks lying all over the place so you can grab one during takes. Recommended. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dave review  I got this cable to run to my electronic drum set at the other end of the studio as a previous cable failed on me.  The balanced lead works well and the cable is very quiet.  Construction features too well soldered TRS 1/4&#34; male connections and the only downside I can complain about is the lack of strain relief...but nothing major and the cables work fine none the less. overallrating 5   lineend
name debi review A little disappointed with the cable.  Pretty light weight.  Don't know why it didn't work, just shorted out.  Luckily one of the band members had another one.  Wouldn't trust it again, so I returned them. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jonah K review Good cable and has m et all of our needs.  As all of know who use cables, only time will tell whether they will last. overallrating 4   lineend
name Markcm review  I was looking for a 25' TRS cable for my band room, I wanted a quality cable with reasonalbe durability although I was willing to compromise some durability for cost and I feel this was an excellent choice. Yes, there are better cables available at a much higher price but I feel this is a well built cable and great value. overallrating 5   lineend
name Teh Arbitrageur review  It's fairly tough, but flexible.  No noise that I can hear, and the connectors look solidly-mounted.  I would definitely buy this brand again. overallrating 5   lineend
name aceofbase review I keep one with my guitar and one at home and never had a fall. Its small enough to keep in my guitar case and cheap enough to replace if it gets lost. What more could you want? overallrating 5   lineend
name AT review I wanted something to keep my guitars from falling after I change guitars. I bought this because it looked pretty good and it was cheap. It has served it's purpose and I use it nearly everyday. Very happy with purchase! overallrating 5   lineend
name Blaine T. Jones review Just skimming through the other reviews, I see that at least one other reviewer has complained about the same thing. Nearly every time you pick up your guitar, the rest will fall off your desk. The part that sits on the desk should've been weighted to prevent this from happening. It's a nice idea and does what it says - it keeps your guitar nice and safe from scuffs when leaned up against your desk.But considering this one REALLY annoying flaw, I wonder if I shouldn't have just payed a couple more bucks for another guitar stand instead of this rest. overallrating 3   lineend
name Brian Hogan review  If your going to use on amp get some two sided Velcro and stick on amp, or two sided tape etc.  For price its fine.  Amazon is the best. overallrating 3   lineend
name Chris Syria review it is ok as long as you don't bump your guitar, else boom, it hits the floor.  I don't trust it and amazon has it way over priced.  It will work if you put a nail in it to hold the holder in place. overallrating 2   lineend
name Clifford Haggerty review One thing tho.  When your guitar isn't in it is prone to being hit and launching picks everywhere.  I am going to be finding picks in my files for years.  Put it up on the table when your picks are not in it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Coffee Infusion review  Another excellent gadget from Planet Waves. What a great idea. Already has made my life easier. Keep a pile of Jazz IIIs in the concave pocket (shallow depression for holding stuff). I don't own any very expensive guitars, so I'm not concerned about resting their bodies on my carpet. The guitar rest simply makes your guitar more accessible, and that means... you're more apt to grab your axe and play more.When un-weighted by the guitar neck, the Rest itself is rather light and can move around easily. No big deal at all.                             EDIT: Just purchased another one -- an axe close at hand is an axe you will play. That's been my experience. After living with this for a few days one thing has become an annoyance: when there's no guitar holding it to the table, it's very easy to knock it off the desk. The way it is designed is such that the leverage has a see-saw effect that will have it fly a few feet across the room. Because it sticks out horizontally, just a nudge with a knee and there it goes. So if you have picks or anything sitting in the round holder area, it can be an annoyance.I do use these for my guitars, but I feel much more comfortable using a proper stand. The product is worthwhile for a quick location for setting down your axe without searching for a stand.If the product had a way of either using suction or tab to secure itself to a surface it would earn another star. overallrating 3   lineend
name Coolkayaker review  The Planet Waves Guitar Rest works for ukuleles!  I just got one, and have used it for a few days, and it's the bomb!  I can set my little ukuleles down now without fear of falling over.  This product is a rubber disc with small \"arms\" in a gentle curve that nestles against the edge of any surface, and you can set your instrument against it, and voila, it doesn't fall over!  Here at home, I use it on the second shelf of a bookcase, and my concert sized ukulele fits like a glove, heel on carpet, neck in Guitar Rest.I'm going to buy a couple more for my ukulele cases, because I can use them at one of my uke parties.  If one sets a tiny ukulele on the floor, for instance, to take a whizz, they're just small enough to go unseen and have someone step on them.  Here, I just find a spot near wherever I'm sitting, and it becomes my \"lean\" spot, and I can even set my beer can on the round part on the back!  Coaster uke/guitar holder.  It's quite immovable once it has some weight against it from the instrument.  I could carry a metal stand with me, but it wouldn't fit in my ukulele case--this Planet Waves product does.  A winner. overallrating 5   lineend
name Craig Richard Gillette review This is a pretty cool product. I have mine next to my computer, because I am constantly waiting on video to render, and I am constantly picking up my guitar and putting it back down; this is nice to have instead of reaching all the way to the guitar stand. It is also good to have when I am using Garage Band, and need to set the guitar down for a second. If you have a plastic chair sheet on the floor or slick vinyl flooring it won't work, the guitar wobbles and falls out; but it works great on carpet. The pick bucket is a nice touch, keeps picks from scattering all over my desk. The rubber is very grippy to my wood desk, and never moves. I would recommend this. overallrating 4   lineend
name Dan Dreifort review  Maybe they included some sticky pads and I missed it? This thing is great in theory, but it gets knocked off my desk periodically when it doesn't have a guitar resting in it.It does well at its job when it's in use, i.e. it doesn't fall when there's a guitar, but I think I'll use some tape or sticky gunk to help hold in place while it's lying in wait. ;) overallrating 3   lineend
name Debs review  I bought this for my husband so he can use it around the home ( he has guitars everywhere). I am not sure he would trust it at a gig and he still uses his guitar stand for that purpose - only because it makes sense to use the most robust guitar stand you can when supporting guitars worth hundreds of dollars.  It is pretty good at staying in place though overallrating 4   lineend
name DeTechTive review  Genius idea that I wish I thought of first. I actually super glued mine to my work desk to make it permanent, but it has plenty of grip all by itself to securely hold your guitar in place. I would definitely recommend! overallrating 5   lineend
name Donald Cross review It is a little light if you bump it anything that you store in the top goes everywhere when the rest falls on the floor.  As long as the guitar is on it works great. overallrating 4   lineend
name ETD review I've had this thing for several weeks, and just now, when it fell off the table for the 100th time, I tossed it in the trash.  The whole thing is one piece of soft floppy rubber, it's not stiff enough for the part that cradles the guitar neck, and it's not heavy enough to stay put.  Even the force from the guitar neck makes it topple over.  Unless you glue this thing to the table, or something like that, it's useless, even worse than useless, it's in the way.Addendum:  I raised the rating a bit, after hearing from the distributor/manufacturer ... at least these guys listen. overallrating 3   lineend
name guitsteve review I never use it so I really only wasted my money. I have rather high end guitars so placing any of them other than very securely is not a good way to go.. overallrating 3   lineend
name John review As the title, it works the way it's supposed to.  But I wish the rubber part that sits on the table is thicker and heavier so it won't move easily.  Nevertheless, it's a low cost way to set your guitar against the desk without scratching the back of the neck and preventing the guitar from sliding down from the desk and falling on the ground.  Just remember, use some common sense, don't expect the guitar to totally stable. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jorge Maciel A. Dias review  Good product! But I'd expected more robust on your structure. But it's good product! Don't have adhesive to bind on the surface. overallrating 4   lineend
name J. Zwicker review This can work, but if you already use a guitar stand then it is a waste of money. It will work if you use your guitar next to the a table. overallrating 3   lineend
name KP review This was a Christmas gift from my husband.  It is such cool and easy rest for the guitar.  I took it with me to our bi weekly jam and the other musicians were considering buying some for themselves. overallrating 5   lineend
name Meant2Rock review I think this guitar rest is pretty nice. It doesn't attach on the table very good though so  don't rely on this thing too much. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mountain Biker review This simple rubber device works great on flat edged tables.  Table tops with a routed curved edge reduce how rubber is in contact with the table, which will effect how well it stays put.  Other then that I like it and purcheased a second one.  It is very inexpensive compared to guitar repairs.  There is also one available that looks like a guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rob M. review A great idea, but pure crap in terms of functionality.  if you don't have something heavy on the flat end, the rubber piece moves, and before you know it, your axe is on the ground.  I saw some pictures of putting a 12 ounce can on the flat part as a counterweight, but I'm not so hot with that idea, especially if the can is open.  The lip need to extend down longer, and  something  needs to be done on the bottom of the flat portion to stop this gadget from moving around.  If I had a permanent place to mount this, I'd gorilla glue it down, but that then defeats the beauty of this being mobile and I'll get an extra guitar stand instead.  Good idea, but it doesn't work. overallrating 1   lineend
name Sessue review There's just no way I'm going to give five stars to a piece of rubber. That's what this is. It doesn't even look quite as good as the picture, largely because the guitar picks laying on the top help a lot to dress it up. Without those picks, it's just black molded flab.The damnable thing is that this flab is actually quite useful. I bought this on a whim and cringed when I opened up the box. But for the last two weeks, it's been propping my Takemine up against a coffee table. The rubber is thick enough and non-skid enough that it keeps the guitar in place. Effortlessly. It may not be much to look at, but it works really well.The top portion that rests on a table surface is about 1/4 inch think. There's a nub in the front hat pushes up against the corner of he surface and fixes the rest in place. That's about 5/8 inch thick. The cost of materials is probably not more than 50 cents, but it's the design that sells this thing.If you can find this for less at a local shop, go for it.  I paid Amazon $6. Even at that, I consider it a good buy. overallrating 4   lineend
name Wendell Burnett review Those of us who have leaned their guitars against the front of our amps over the years, this is a handy tool that gives a little more security for our guitars. overallrating 5   lineend
name W. Perry review I just can't trust it! I thought it'd be a good idea if I needed to prop my guitar up against the amp for a minute....but I just can't get myself to do it. I always end up using a little Fender portable stand. It does make a nice coaster for placing a beer on my amp. overallrating 3   lineend
name YetAnotherITGuy review  This product is worth having if, like me, you find yourself needing a place to quickly \"park\" your guitar without putting it back in the guitar stand. I use it on a desk next to my chair and music stand. Works great -- only suggestion I have it to perhaps make a version with a sticky tape underside, or a way of semi-permanently attaching it the spot where you want it so it doesn't move around. I wound up using a very small wood screw to attach it to my desk so it stays fixed. Overall -- I like it. overallrating 4   lineend
name Lochsa Lad review  This is a great value for a practice and travel instrument.(I got mine with free shipping)Built like an instrument, not a toy, it is an interesting crossover between a high strung guitar and ukelele. Fun to play, easy to take along, stays in tune well enough, and it's only a hundred bucks. I bet if you bought one you would like it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Loveguitar review I bought my Yamaha guitarlele about 2 years ago from Long & McQuade located in Canada.  It's the same as the one Amazon is selling here.  I teach classical guitar but have always loved the sound of ukulele.  My reason for buying this is because I don't have to learn how to play the ukulele and can play the guitarlele using the knowledge I already have - yea!It is very similar to a guitar in many important ways.  It has the same 6 strings tuned the same way.  However, and this is VERY important so please read carefully:  To get the best sound out of your new guitarlele you must tune each string up in pitch.  For example, let's take the 6th string (lowest) and tune it up to A instead of E.  Clip on your electronic guitar tuner and crank that string up a bit until the tuner reads review  - LOVE IT!!! "unixReviewTime": 1324598400, "reviewTime": "12 23, 2011"}
name MyBeesWax review  er suggested using an extra hard, high tension string like theD'Addario Extra Hard Tension Classical Guitar Stringsto get around the floppiness on the E-A-D-G-B-E turning. You can use a capo with this instrument. MyKyser Capoworks on it just fine.The guitalele measures 27-1/2\" x 9\" x 2-3/4\" at their widest points. The construction quality on my copy is tiptop except for a minute area (where the neck meets the soundboard), which is lighter in color because it missed an application of wood stain (not a big deal really). The guitalele has a satin (non-glossy) finish, which is a lot less prone to the unsightly scratches a high-gloss finish might incur.The package includes a black nylon gig bag.For a high quality instrument that costs a tiny fraction of the price for a full-size guitar, the Yamaha Guitalele GL-1 is a good buy (just under a Ninety as of this writing). overallrating 5   lineend
name Patrick Elhoffer review Im a man on the move and am constantly away from home. I take this bad boy with me everywhere to satify my need to pick 6 strings.  great for takin to the beach or on the boat or to entertain yourself on long car rides. overallrating 4   lineend
name Wayfinder review I purchased this instrument brand new, on an impulse whim due to a managers-choice sale at a local music shop that I simply could not ignore.  It was brand new, unopened, in box.  They allowed me to examine it prior to purchase. In that environment I thought it a nice instrument.However, it can be difficult to properly examine an instrument in a busy store, and that store was VERY busy and noisy.  It's when you get it home and can examine it leisurely in peace and quiet that the details stand out.This is indeed a 6-string ukulele.  It measures a bit over 28\ review .  I know some will disagree.  But others know exactly what I mean.  This isn't an expensive instrument so one really can't expect super-fine quality at this price. However-- I paid about the same price for my electric uke and it is superb quality from top to bottom.  As mentioned, the Cordoba is a better instrument and costs the same.Fortunately the local merchant has a satisfaction guarantee and I was able to return it.  I simply cannot recommend this instrument unless there are no better options-- and frankly, there are. overallrating 2   lineend
name Wm review This little Guitarlele is great - I have tuned to the standard E tuning of a guitar and it manages very well. It gives a gently subdued tone, that is perfect for playing any time, even accompanying music on the TV whilst the family are watching. I have had way more fun with this little guy in the last couple of weeks than I had with my twelve string in the last six months.Added info:Now that the tuning has settled down, it is keeping tune very well, with no need to retune during playing.The strings it came with are not the best though, they are wearing through all ready. overallrating 5   lineend
name ac0214 review I love this stomp box although I never stomp on it :-)  Needless to say there are a wide variety of reverb available to you.  My amplifier doesn't have reverb so I route the effects send to it and leave it on.  It has just become part of my guitar tone now and wouldn't think about playing without it... overallrating 5   lineend
name bobatious review You have to look very hard for anything to critique with this pedal; the only think I can think of is moderately high power consumption, so I suggest using the power supply rather than batteries.It is a joy to play almost any style with these, though I prefer jazz/blues sounds generally where the reverb is featured prominently as opposed to tons of distortion.Oh yes .. the clincher is this only costs a tad over 100 bucks. Very hard to find any alternatives that work as well in that price range. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bryan Croad review Studio grade reverbs in a small box, if you are looking for a reverb with a lot of options and in a small unit this is it.  Another &#34;I can't say enough about it&#34; pedal from TC Electronics, worth checking out if you're looking. overallrating 5   lineend
name chris review This is one of the best pedals I have on my board. I originally thought the reverb on my amp was fine enough but was enticed to try this. I was very pleasantly surprised with the lovely quality of the reverb effect, which can be breathtaking. The settings are all quite useful (Church, plate, spring, hall, room, gate etc) and then you can adjust the amount of the effect and the delay. There is also a toneprint setting which is nice, but honestly, the pedal already has some many ways to adjust the sound, the toneprint seems redundant. I leave this pedal on most of the time - along with my Corona chorus and Flashback delay. It is part of &#34;my sound&#34;. overallrating 5   lineend
name crazy finger magic review Most the reverb selection sound identical. They all sound good. I would say that the Boss reverb pedal sounds better. I use this pedal in my pedal chain. It doesn't get much action, my amp has a reverb. I was looking for trippy modern hifidelity effects on my guitar. overallrating 4   lineend
name Darwin's Survivor review No loss of initial tone with this pedal which was #1 on my priority list as I love the sound of my guitar and amp.  The &#34;hall&#34; setting is phenomenal.  Transparent in your signal chain when off as well!  Love it. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Craton review The best non-rackmount reverb I have ever had.  So many options, clean, transparent, and whisper quiet.  This is the last pedal at the end of my pedal board chain.  The Toneprint option is great as well to create and personalize your own verb.  Excellence once again from TC. overallrating 5   lineend
name E. Guzman review Well , at first i was looking for a reverb with a long and deep sound, like a grail or church, then i read about this tone print thing and i really like it, this give you a totally new range of sound based on a specific artist preset, so you can have a bunch of tone prints that you can download from the webpage, the only thing  that could be better is the instructions on how to download the tone prints it doesn't came with the instructions, although is really easy but at first i was blindfolded, but overall it is great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ipodcrazy review This is the first and only TC Electronic product I've ever purchased.  I watched the Youtube demos and liked what I heard.  It has exceeded my expectations. The reverb sounds are heavenly with plenty of control to tweak. The Toneprint feature is amazing.  I downloaded \"Church of Andy\" preset from the TCE website and just love that patch.  Downloading is quick and easy.  I created a folder on my computer and dowloaded all the available Hall of Fame patches so whenever I want to change it out, I don't even have to go on the Internet to get it.  There is an iPhone/iPod4gen app where you can transfer the patches directly through you guitar to you pedal. Don't ask me how it works, but it does.  I will probably buy more TC Electronic pedals in the future. overallrating 5   lineend
name Johnny Guitar review  I compared this side by side with two other reverbs-1) The Boss '63 Fender reverb2) The Electro Harmonix Holy Grail.I found the EH- Holy Grail the most natural sounding and the simplest to operate with only 1 knob and one switch.The TC pedal did sound nice, but to my ears slightly sterile by comparison to the Holy Grail.I thought the Boss pedal sounded pretty bad.Pros of the pedal:- several settings and with all the knobs, highly adjustable- mono or stero (2 inputs, 2 outputs)- standard 9 volt power supply jack used by most pedals- I liked the spring reverb, and the \"mod\" reverb which was lush.Cons:- Sounded a little sterile compared to EH Holy Grail, but close and still good- I thought the number of different reverb settings was actually overkill and just there to look like it did a lot. To my ears, the rest were less distinctive.-Priced at $150, seemed a little high although I know there are other pedals that cost more.Overall a nice pedal, I can't really ding it for the cons above so I still gave it 5 stars. I had to compare a couple times to the EH holy grail to make my decision. In the end, the grail was cheaper, simpler and sounded more like a real reverb tank in my opinion. overallrating 5   lineend
name kiboy review  But it's a real step up from the effects on my Vox Mini 5 amp so I'm only going to complain too much.  It actually cost more than the behringer amp I'm running it through which seems a little odd to me. overallrating 3   lineend
name Mark D. Davis review nice reverb pedal, got rid of my boss reverb. the tc pedals are all that is on byboard except my wah and a phase 90, if they made these pedals I'd probablybe all tc electronics! What else can I say!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Tachyon review This is an absolutely amazing Reverb pedal.  TC toneprint is very much a novelty, a very useful one at that if you want to dial in some really nice presets. Where this pedal really shines is in it's endless ability to tweak the parameters using the downloadable editor. You can spend hours finding &#34;Your Sound&#34; or just &#34;The Sound&#34; that you need. High quality chassis, excellent switch and input/output jacks that give a satisfying thunk, indicating your cable is secured.  Don't forget to lift the back panel to adjust the dipswitches to change the true bypass, tone dry through etc... All and all a great one stop reverb pedal with tons of tone and potential that should last a lifetime. overallrating 5   lineend
name Victor Hugo review I bought this unit because my amp doesn't have reverb. But I discovered that this little pedal can give you greats sounds. Even when I use a reverbed amp, I turn it off and use my Hall of Fame. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Gray review  really you hate warm, sustaining, natural-tube overdrive; you won't like it at all. This is my favorite OD pedal that I have. I have compared it to the Vox ValveTone OD, the OD side of a EHX Germanium4 BMP, a EHX Linear Power Boost(my second favorite), an Ibanez TS5(90s model) and a Boss Fender Bassman FBM-1. They all have their uses but I find the MojoMojo to be the most versatile, warm and punchy OD I have. I pretty much use it as my base tone to push a lightly crunchy tube amp into overdrive. This thing really wants to sing to you. There are so many things going on in the mid to upper registers. That's not to say it doesn't have some serious punchiness on the low end, which it does; so much that there is a voice switch that will cut the bass a little to keep it from getting too flubby on the neck pickups. I pretty much leave that on all the time with humbuckers. Single coils really benefit from the round lows this pedal dishes out and I am guessing that's why there is the voice switch.The knobs/pots are nice and the bass/treble pots are notched at 12. Turning to the left cuts and to the right boosts. The drive goes from really clean and subtle, like a  mild boost, up to super drive territory. I actually prefer the sound of this pedal to a Fulltone OCD, it just sounds a little more livelier to me. I really like to push this pedal into the Fender Bassman pedal and get some seriously chimey bell-like highs with a medium crunch by setting it to a mild boost level and upping the gain on the FBM-1, as a third channel of sorts, and it sounds like a totally different amp stack.Like I said, this has become the base of my tone now in just the short amount of time I have had it. I was using the EHX Linear Boost to perform these duties before, and it performs well, but the soulful tone I get from the MojoMojo just adds the extra dimensionality that the pure boost doesn't. I play mostly original compositions but I am going for the Jeff Beck tone and this helps me get where I want to go.Of course none of this means I will stop buying OD pedals... |o) overallrating 5   lineend
name Ian review There really is nothing not to like about this pedal..a) 2 band eq plus voicing switch gives better tonal control than most,b) then drive goes from clean to solid overdrive..c) level control provide from -ve to high +ve boost.With drive set to 3pm and level at 2pm this gives a solid classic rock drive with a les paul and a blues junior.. really nice, roll back the gtr volume and it cleans to a crunch, roll back the drive and control from clean to crunch with the gtr volume.highly recommended.. overallrating 5   lineend
name Josiah H. review TC makes very high quality pedals, and this thing is built like a tank. I've had it for over 2 years and done many gigs, and a couple tours and all my TC pedals are in perfect condition. Now for tone, this overdrive is a light overdrive and works really well for me when I'm leading worship n my band, we play heavier music, so I was messing around with this overdrive so I could use it there as well, and I discovered that if you try to use it as a boost pedal, it makes your tone really muddy, but if you send a dirty tone (overdrive or light distortion) into it, it screams beautifully. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark D. Davis review what can I say, this pedal has never left my pedalboard. is very versitable pedal. from a boast toalmost full out distortion that doesn't loose the sound of the buitar. cool pedal!!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review I recently picked up the TC Electronic MojoMojo Overdrive at a steal of a price, but I'm evaluating based on its inherent quality relative to the retail price.  I own many different overdrives, including light overdrives in the review   if my feelings change, as I have a few different combinations I want to try out.  I feel that the preferred use of this pedal is as a stacked overdrive pushing some other type of overdrive or distortion.  This is much the way you would use a Tubescreamer.  I will say that it is one of the more \"tube-like\" overdrives I have tried.  Hit the notes lightly, and you get a clean, transparent tone.  Attack them harder, and the higher output from the guitar will push the overdrive and cause further breakup, much like a tube amp.  However, if your hope is simply to plug into the MojoMojo into a clean amp and expect classic rock tones, you may be a bit disappointed with it as a standalone overdrive pedal. overallrating 4   lineend
name ac0214 review Being a musician I wanted something easy to bring with me to catch the jams.  With the support of this little recorder I have about 95% of what I have played over the last year available to me.Sound Quality - there are many options to select from, sample rate, type (mp3, wav) and a number of other options.  I have mainly recorded wav at 192, when I am done recording I normally will edit it in a DAW and then convert to mp3 for storage.  I would say the audio is good, not great, but certainly right on for what I am doing considering the price.  Power is about 4-6 hours of continuous recording.  I can fit about 3 hours on high quality on the Gb card.  This is usually a little more than I require when jamming.  I have used the USB power when available and that has performed well.I have been pleasantly surprised with the audio levels.  Many times at a jam  you don't necessarily get to pick an appropriate vantage point to record everyone equally.  Several times it had to sit next to the drummer, or on the stairs or on the window sill in one case, and I was worried about being able to pick up all the instruments, but on the default settings it seems to pick everyone up and not get saturated.  One instrument may be louder than another but then I tweak it adding compression and eq as necessary to further enhance.The only times it has failed has been I didn't have enough battery, I didn't format the card and it ran out of room or I forgot to press the record button TWICE before recording.  The first arms the track, the second begins the recording.  For the price I bought two and just keep one in my guitar case...  I have not had reason to use the line in for the recorder, just the external mics. overallrating 5   lineend
name Gregg Bergman review Works great, sounds great, it's a bit on the large side but is solidly built and simple to operate. Tascam rocks. overallrating 5   lineend
name happypup review Basically very good.  The buttons are fairly intuitive but some basic functions are incongrously hidden beneath multiple layers of menus.  The sound recorded, while crystal clear is a little on the quiet side even after adjustment of the record and play back features. overallrating 3   lineend
name IBZANE review Best recorder for the money I've seen...Easy to use, easy to scroll through the menu and manipulate the settings...The nearest competitor to this is slightly slimmer, witch to me would not be a plus because I don't use this on a camera rig..The picture leads you to believe this is bigger than it actually is...Check out the youtube vids on it, i believe it to be more versatile than its competition, and the build quality is higher as well...The only thing the other has on this one is its size.... overallrating 5   lineend
name kay bhee review allotoday went to the stores to TEST out the followingtascams...dr 05,  dr 07 mk2, and dr 40  and, for myself,ended up buying nothing...their differences for YOUR  ears...are....dr 05,  this is a good quality toy...NO line in...use its own mic, you will be ok  with this, for meetings, etc.NOT really that good for  music...can be done, but NOT as good..if you use ext mic...u wont be happy either...HIGH background HISS noise  relative to all 3.dr 07etc etc...only slightly better than 05...all else same...dr 40 was MUCH quieter in noise level...be it...in mic, ext mic or LINE inquite decent but costs you around 200 dollars...this can be used to ( semi ) record music too.so, testing on their own mics...that last one was far far better than the first two...for those wantingLINE in...means only that dr 40...however,my tests involved  checking  sound QUALITY  of bit more seriousLIVE recordings...took output from our  zoom r 24 recorder  and  input that to the dr 40...upon comparing the resulting  CDs...a / mstr ed by the zoom r24 and print to cd,  vs...b / recorded dr40 and printed to cd...the sound was Obviously better  with  a /no need to buy  any  a/d recorder attempt at this price level ,if one is looking for semi serious  Master recorder...my budget must be tripled at least...and then to go out to test some more !no cheap way, is there....for those curious, the whole idea has come from wanting to connect  2 units of zoom r24,  NOT wanting to use computer software,  taking the 4 outputs from these two into a clean mixer or analog sum box,  and getting them downto  2 channels, and finallly to some mastering digital recorder....hoping perhaps the tascam ss r100 or r200 MIGHT do the trick,in the tests to come....many thanks, and may your camels always have two humps !k overallrating 1   lineend
name L. Su review   overallrating 5   lineend
name Peter Kim review This recorder is okay but it's far from perfect. No, I didn't expect it to be perfect but still, I refuse to give it more than 3 stars. It seems to pick up guitar sounds nicely. However, other sounds such as vocals and bass are horrible. I use this to practice with a band, and then I'll just listen to the arrangement later so I can practice by myself. For this much, I have no complaints. Besides that, I would never use this if I wanted a decent quality recording of anything. overallrating 3   lineend
name Samuel Chell review Until 5-6 years ago there was a virtual void in high-quality personal digital recorders.  Then the Zoom H2 came along, and numerous variations on a theme were soon to follow.  I've owned both the H2 and the H1 and, though both have their strong points, the Tascam DR-05 has served me better than either. The H2 has pleasing 4-point sound and the H1, at half the size of the Tascam, works well for \"stealth\" as well as video recordings when mounted on a camera.  But both recorders are more complicated than necessary, with tricky menu systems, excessive tiny buttons (6 on one thin side of the H1), and dicey build quality.The Tascam addresses these shortcomings with a machine that's a pleasure to use.  There are no shaky, rattling parts, the controls are solid and instantly solved (easily manageable with a single thumb), and the wide-spread mic pattern is ideal for most stereo recordings of music (for dictation, I use a separate, small mic inserted in the topside input).  The machine reminds me of the far costlier Sony PCM-50 in terms of ease and convenience of operation. The Tascam's 320 kbps MP3 recordings of a grand piano strike my ears as no less authentic and sonically \"present\" than its 96/24 WAV files, and tweaking is held to the absolute minimum.  If you don't have $500 to spend and are looking for a woodshedding companion for day-in, day-out use, this is the one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Solaceinsorrow review I got this to compliment my filming of events, concerts etc. After my first test recording, when I played back the audio using the built-in speaker I really thought that I had been duped into believing this device was 'studio quality' ...Then I listened to that same test recording using headphones, and WOW!! This has got to be heard to be believed! There are so many applications for this recorder; it's ease of operation and quick start-up time make it ideal for hurried set-ups. overallrating 5   lineend
name windowshopper review i had a dr-07 that i loved but it mysteriously walked out during a gig we played at a local bar.  i got this one because it has similar features and it costs less.  i never used the reverb or overdubbing capabilities of the dr 07 anyway and i usually used it with the mics folded in.  i have recorded several rehearsals with this one and i cant tell a difference between the recordings i made with the dr 07 and the recordings from this one.  this recorder is great for recording band rehearsals. overallrating 5   lineend
name jinx review This is not top of the line but for the price is a good deal.  I don't think it lastforever but it works great for my Peavey Patriot Guitar. I would recommend this toanyone looking for an inexpensive way to transport a guitar. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mike Tarrani review  I purchased mine to protect a relatively inexpensive Epiphone Les Paul Jr, which fits perfectly (as does a Squier Strat.)On the plus side, the price makes this an attractive alternative to most of the soft gig bags on the market because you are getting a rigid case that can take some (but not a lot) of abuse.The reason I claimed that this case will provide only basic protection is it does not have the top and side strength to protect an instrument if you stack heavy equipment on the case when packing your gear. That should not be a problem or detract from the value as long as you are aware of this. One other issue I've had with the case is I left in a car on a hot day the tolex covering started lifting from the edges, especially the lip around the top of the case. Again, this is not a problem as long as you are aware of it and do not leave the case in a hot, enclosed space for prolonged periods.For inexpensive guitars this is an ideal case that will provide protection for your instrument. It is perfect for occasional gigging, but would probably not withstand the rigors of being on the road. I would not hesitate to purchase another one if I acquired a guitar with a soft gig bag because I do like the better protection this particular case provides. overallrating 4   lineend
name Review Man review  I ordered one of these (from MF) and had to send it back because it was damaged and the latches didn't all work.  Even in perfect condition it's still a subpar case.  But the one I got had two ripped corners on the lid, and from those rips it's easy to see that the edge of the lid is just very thin cardboard all around, and the black outside covering provides little protection to keep that cardboard from tearing.  As for the latches (buckles), there are three of them and on the one I had only one worked to keep the case closed.  The other two latched, but they rattled and provided no tension at all to help keep the lid shut.Disregarding those flaws it's still obvious that it's not a good case.  The hinges look like they could fall apart or come off at any moment, the handle is not comfortable to hold, and the whole thing bends in a way that makes you wonder if you would be better off with a gig bag.  It also won't stand evenly on end (if that's important to you).On the positive side it's light, it does fit a Telecaster ok, and the inside is a decent plush lining with a small storage compartment.  But do yourself a favor and spend another $25 and get something better.  I have a Musician's Gear dreadnought case and this doesn't compare to that one at all. overallrating 2   lineend
name Shannon V review  this is a great value. i contacted the company for measurements inside the case to see if it would fit an ibanez rg series. it fits perfectly. thank you overallrating 5   lineend
name Wes Caldwell review  This is a great guitar case and a great price. I bought it to keep my Fender Strat in and it works great. overallrating 5   lineend
name Cali gadget guy review  Like many here the case could be an inch bigger.  For my Ibanez 510  I cut the bottom material along the edge against the side wall enough to take out the bottom foam and then put the material back.  Now mine closes without pressure on the bridge. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mary V review We have my grandpa's really old Mandolin now, so my dad and I wanted a nice case for our 70 year old mandolin. I saw this case and thought that maybe it would work. Well it works just fine, the mandolin is a little bit more deep than the case but it still works and closes well.Now the mandolin is in this case and hopefully will keep lasting in there! overallrating 4   lineend
name M. LeFevers review I couldn't believe that a hardshell mandolin case even existed for this price. Especially given what I paid for it, this case is unbelievable... velvety cushioning inside, heavy-duty outside, and a little compartment for picks or capos (I can't fit much else in there but I don't really need to). A few other reviewers have mentioned that it can be a squeeze -- at first, I didn't think my Ibanez mandolin fit in here, but when I finally applied some pressure, it went right in. Now that I've been using the case for a while it seems broken in, and I don't have to fight it so much to get it to close.The only downside is that after a few uses, the outer black layer of the case started peeling off at the edge. I used some electrical tape to stick it back on there and since it's on the bottom, it's not very noticeable, but that was the one place where the low price kind of showed through. I didn't take a star away for that as it's purely cosmetic, and as long as this thing is protecting my mandolin, I can forgive some tape on the edge. In this case, I still got more than my money's worth. overallrating 5   lineend
name Moral Hazard review  It's a good quality case. I wouldn't check it as luggage when flying, but it's small so bring it as a carry-on. It'll protect your mando just fine. overallrating 5   lineend
name Uriah Rose II review  I got one of those for my next mandolin after my Johnson. I couldn't see spending 40 bucks for a case for a 50 dollar instrument, so I didn't. However, the next one cost a few hundred and I got one of these cases that has served me well. These are pretty soft inside and fit most A-styles pretty well. The hardware is decent but I wouldn't expect the hinges to last forever. They'll be easy enough to fix/replace when they fall off, so no worries there.If I had a $2500 0 Gibson/Weber/Whatever, I wouldn't buy this, I'd spend the money for a really nice case, but since I don't, I didn't. If you DO have an expensive instrument and want to cheap out, these really are decent little cases but you won't mistake it for a really expensive one, and that's fine.If it's still built like my case (never can tell these days...) it'll have a little storage compartment that will hold a bunch of pics, capo and a little tuner with no problem. Not big enough for a strap though with everything else in there. overallrating 5   lineend
name A Carter review I order this for my Glen Burton cutaway. I had it in a gig bag, but acoustic guitars shouldn't be in a gig bag. I got tired of my guiitar being banged around in the back of the car so I ordered this hardshell case. It is wonderful. Very well made and beautiful. It came to me right on time with no problems at all. It also has a lock on it so you can lock your guitar up so no one will get in to it. It is a little heavy, but that is something I can get use to. My guitar fit perfetly in it and is very snug. I love this case and it is worth every dime you pay for it, maybe even more. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review I am the kind of guy that fixes everything with duct tape and when the item is more tape than product I go to a pawn shop and buy something used and start the process again. I saw this case and thought 50 bucks and it's for my favorite guitar, so I purchased it. 2 days later it was sitting at my back door (and I didn't have to pay shipping). This thing is a beauty! Plush interior, hardware looks great and good quality. Does not use the cheap spring latches but rather the locking type. Deep storage pocket and more. My 12 string fits in it w/room to spare and its' case is running out of room to tape so I guess I'll be purchasing another soon. overallrating 5   lineend
name D. Dreifus review The odor of adhesive lingered for some time, but that's not really a problem.Size and fit were good. The storage compartment is nice and large.One hinge broke after about a year of normal use. It was in the house almost the whole time, I just open the case to play the guitar and then replace it when done. I noticed if you look carefully, one of the hinges is cracked on both sides, so it is not holding anything anymore, but it is one of three, so the other two still do the job just fine. It is only if you look carefully you see one hinge fractured.This was not an expensive guitar, and I had a better case, so I switched to the better guitar case, and used this one for another guitar that I really don't play at all, and it just stays in storage. overallrating 3   lineend
name j flavors review I bought this guitar case for wife, as she plays a acoustic guitar and needed to replace her &#34;GIG bag( soft case) with a hard case that would protect her guitar better than the soft case could. She absolutely loves the case and it is well built and when you use it, it makes you think that this case should cost more, but for the $60, it is an awesome deal.The case fits her acoustic like a glove and has a storage compartment for her Mic cable, DI box , picks and tuner. Underneath the neck, there is enough space for storage of two sets of extra guitar strings. You  might pay more for a NAME brand case...save some money for soemthing else an dget this case, because it is a great deal. We found nothing negative that we could say about it. It also was packaged VERY well to protect the case during shipment and came very quick. overallrating 5   lineend
name Joe Bouler review I honestly don't know how they can sell these cases for the price and give you free shipping too. I've seen cheap quality chipboard cases and gig bags that cost more. This is a hard shell tolex covered case. They are sturdy, well padded with plush black lining, and look as good as cases costing much more. These cases are made for dreadnought guitars, and I bought two of them. One is for my Ibanez AK75G arcrhtop electric guitar and it fits perfectly. The case has 4 brass latches and one is lockable and comes with 2 keys. It's made in China, but isn't most everything these days? I wouldn't recommend it for airline/railroad baggage, but this case will offer ample protection and safe storage for your instrument under most other conditions. I don't think you'll find a better deal on a hard shell guitar case anywhere else. Don't be fooled by the popular belief that more expensive is better. Do yourself a favor and save a few bucks by buying one of these great cases! overallrating 5   lineend
name Review Man review  I bought this recently for $40 to replace the old cardboard case my acoustic had been in for decades.  For $40 it's an awesome deal.  But objectively, when compared to an Epiphone 335-style case I bought last year for $81, it's deserving of 4 stars (which isn't bad, just not great):PROS:  Decent build quality; four buckles (one locking) and three hinges; very nice plush lining; not heavy; knobs on bottom so it stands on end; knobs on side and back so it's never directly on the floor; fits a dreadnaught well.CONS:  Not easy to close and takes some work to get all the buckles lined up and snapped shut; the one locking buckle wouldn't stop anyone; the big front and back body panels flex more than they should; exterior covering feels somewhat cheap; the handle is hard plastic and not padded.So for $40 it's a great deal and a big step up from unlined cardboard, but it doesn't measure up to a basic Epi 335 case which is stronger and has better hardware and finishes.  It also had a strong chemical odor, but leave it open to air out for a while and that mostly goes away. overallrating 4   lineend
name Sirius review Exceptionally well made, this is a fantastic case for the money. (Fifty dollars, including shipping, at the time of my purchase.) It has four(!) very solid clasps, one of which locks. (Two keys are included.) It also features a plush velvet interior, cushioned neck brace, and a strap to keep the top from flopping back, which could stress the hinges and perhaps alter the factory-perfect lid to case alignment. But best of all, it fits my Takamine Jasmine guitar like a glove, holding it secure and (knock on wood) keeping it safe from all harm. I could not be happier. overallrating 5   lineend
name TheMan review It fits well, close well, protects well, transport well! What more can I ask from a guitar case that cost a fraction of the other cases.  Have not have it that long to rate the durability but I like this case. overallrating 5   lineend
name arleas review I wasn't sure about spending a lot of money on a guitar since I was just starting out.  I bought this to work with Rocksmith 2014 and it did the job just fine.  The guitar needed some work to get it properly set up since tuning it straight out of the box sounded horrible.  It turns out that the intonation needed to be set properly and also the strings that it came with are garbage.I put new strings on it and fixed the intonation, adjusted the truss rod a bit and adjusted the string height (all with just the tools that they provided with the guitar) and it sounded a lot better. Unfortunately there's no 22nd fret on this guitar.  That probably shouldn't come as a big surprise as a lot of stratocaster type guitars only have 21 frets, but there's this one song that requires me to bend the high e string on the 22nd fret...The single coil pickups have quite a bit of hum on them so for rocksmith you kinda have to calibrate it a few times to make sure that it doesn't pick up much of that hum, or else you resort to using the 2nd and 4th switch setting so that it uses two pickups at once which cancels out the hum.I think if you wanted to try modding your guitar this would probably be a decent choice too.  I haven't gotten that far yet.  I've had it since February, changed strings on it twice (in 4 months) and so far it's proven to be a fairly nice little guitar to learn on...except for that 22nd fret (oh well). overallrating 4   lineend
name Earl D. Shaffer review  All guitarists know that there are 1 billion strat copies out there. They vary a bit, but basically you have a light, 3 pickup, versitale guitar that does that job - that is about it. But this Legacy, which I can see as I am typing, is much more.First, the natural finish is what got me started. It seems that a natural finish is about as rare as a news web site without video ads. I looked at $700+ Fenders, but except for the natural finish - what was I getting for $700? I wanted a strat copy that I could customize - this is IT!. I am putting split hot rail-type pickups in this, and WOW I have a strat, 3-pickup LP, and anything in between.Get one! overallrating 4   lineend
name Harry An review  1. If you are totally a beginner and have nothing to begin with, get this guitar and a Vox amplug AC30. Use it with your headphones or home speakers.2. Don't upgrade until your skills improved and you become a mid level. Prepare $1000 for a tube amp and a good guitar with brand name pickups for upgrade. If your budget is below that, don't bother and save more.Speak from experience, I've tried a lot and did many research. This guitar with amplug just sound amazing! Plus, it can be your forever play around set which you will be happy with and bring them out. Guitars and amps below $400, yes there are good stuff, but you're more likely to get problematic things that will be replace by better things latter. For a budget around $1000, if you don't go professional, you will be happy with them forever. So do yourself a favor, one shot, no waste of time and money.This guitar is good enough for any beginners. Most under $400 guitars don't have good pickups, so why spend extra money? (Again, my bloody experience taught me that.I've spent time and money, way more than $1000) Free advice.I strongly recommend this guitar, it has no fault towards its price. overallrating 5   lineend
name idjut review Not knowing much, and after using for a couple of months, I'm pretty happy with guitar for the money I paid for it.  Fit and finish is quite nice.  Just needed tuning.  Great beginner model.  Feels solid and stay's in tune after the first 4 or 5 practice sessions. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeffro review I ordered the telecaster version and received this strat version by mistake BUT I liked this so much I decided to keep this one, reorder the telecaster version so I can have that too.  The body is very solid, beautiful finish (mine is a sunburst color).  For $79.95 this is a must buy. You will not be sorry. I have 3 fender type strats and this one is now my favorite. It's great for recording. I just bought a Zoom G5 and it works great with that.  The tones are rich and warm.  I agree with others that the quality is similar to strats costing $399 and more.  It fits so well in my hands and feels great. I love this guitar!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Josh Leger review I figured I'd buy a cheap second guitar, so I found this one. One of the cheapest prices on Amazon. And I thought wow, what a great look this guitar has. I was also hoping that it played well. Well I've been playing it for a while and it still sounds pretty good, and I've had no technical issues what so ever. I would recommend to ANYONE. Keep up the good work! =) overallrating 5   lineend
name kbgulfcoast review I acquired this recently, I did not need another strat style, or copy of, but it's white....just gotta love that vibe? Anyhow lots of reviews justifiably good, here's a few add ons in case... It's routed hsh under the hood but looks tight.. Think it's bucker size upgradable; top and bottom didn't measure, I like single coils...the white is a poly finish (love poly durable and crack/fade resist) and exquisite nicely done, alder body but it's hefty alder, like 8lb or so. Not so keen on headstock shape but the neck is nice, too nice to change like I was thinking till I got it... Nice quality control on these, really smooth rosewood board with med-jumbo (that's what I call anyway) frets good fretting. Standard hardware indicative of price but decent and well installed, no missed screw holes etc. Was set up with standard action etc, out of box was clean set up no buzz or uneven saddle stuff etc. great fit and finish, best I can tell its a standard f type plate, if interested looks to be easy changer.Overall it's a solid piece, assembled well, for me the body and neck is what seals the deal, better then most out there this range... It is alder and hefty, but durable. I look to change most hardware in time so won't comment on that, what's there... is installed well...2 things I forgot tuners wanna say 15:1? 10mm standard import style... Seem good, not legendary and tremelo/whammy standard zinc block (there's the must upgrade part...) it's standard 10.5 string space import, I got one pet peave; it's steel or brass blocks... A shame all these guitars nowadays with the zinc thin low sustain blocks, my advice get a fender mim standard lefty trem, the whole thing with steel saddles and all maybe 50$ best money ever spent... I can't afford the gotoh or Callahan stuff, On this a standard mim import space fender with steel block and saddles is easy direct replacement and with the hefty alder you'll get tons of sustain and tone and keep tuned way better. Also the neck I say nice but I mean it's nicer than most in the shape, it's slightly chunky c shape? Not baseball bat chunky but you feel it on frets 1-3 it's beefier? I have avg. size hands, I find it's a good fit.In all... If your looking in this price range it's nice, and upgradable as you can or learn more. overallrating 5   lineend
name kyle c. review This is a great starter guitar its cheap and high quality i myself already play the guitar and couldnt pass up buying such a good guitar at a rock bottom price this guitar to sum it up is like a generic version of a squire by fender and if this guitar was a more well known company the guitar could easily sell for 300$ bottom line great guitar all around for beginners and thrashers. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark A. Attaway review I am truly amazed at the quality of this guitar! I got the natural finish and I am blown away at the beauty of this thing! Mine arrived in perfect condition. Will only need a minor setup. The intonation was surprisingly spot on and the strings are actually alright to practice on for a while. If you are looking for a great quality strat for under 90 bucks, then don't hesitate and order one of these babies! overallrating 5   lineend
name MyBeesWax review  Right out of the box, the low E string had a buzz and the intonation was WAY off (fretted E note on the 12th fret too sharp). After the appropriate truss rod adjustments the buzz problem was solved. Next, I proceeded to adjust the intonation. I was able to get the intonation for the A, D, G, B, and high-E strings spot on. However, after bringing the saddle for the low E string as far back as it would go, the fretted E note on the 12th fret was still sharp.I also noticed that the bridge is slightly crooked (the low E string end of the bridge is closer to the neck than the high E string end of the bridge) - the bridge could have started out crooked or it could have shifted due to the high low-E string tension (loose bridge) -- which would definitely contribute to the defective low-E string intonation.I love the Red Burst design of this guitar (it looks absolutely WICKED). Unfortunately, I'm going to have to return it. I'm going to get a Squier Strat instead (with either aMapleorRosewoodneck).---[Update November 15, 2013]I ordered the Squier Strat direct from Amazon 6 weeks ago, but it was placed on backorder. I contacted Customer Service a week ago and was told me they wouldn't get it back in stock until December. Then, to my surprise, the Squier Strat was delivered yesterday! Yay!! :D The happiness!!I was able to get the Squier perfectly intonated. It's Red Burst like the Legacy (Fender calls it Antique Burst). It's a beautful guitar and and I'm loving it! overallrating 1   lineend
name Pegleg review This is a good guitar for the price. Played well right out of the box. The finish is beautiful and I found no defects. Sounds good and well worth the money. overallrating 5   lineend
name Tom review This Is one great piece. The quality of the guitar is Amazing!!! and for Its price Outstanding!! It plays Beautifully with my 100w amp. And with my experience of guitars, this is a go getter, otherwise I would see this one stand out to a $300 Les Paul!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name TWM review I don't know if 39\" (from the top of the headstock to the bottom of the body {I know guitars are based on the size of the frets but no idea how to do that} ) is the normal size for an adult...However for $50 (its on sale at the time) even if its not I can still learn to play since thats why I bought it is to learn...The pick guard had some sort of plastic cover that was rough but doesn't really affect anything, since it seems like something was put on it to help shipping once removed the pick guard is fine.All togther whether its a full size adult or just one for kids its still pretty good.I am happy with it.Good clean sound, at least with my headphone amp (only amp I have).Comes with Whammy bar(thats what I know it as), one volume, two tone, the pickup sector switch, the cord that connects your guitar to your amp.  EDIT  So now that Amazon has grouped the guitar with many others (mostly the color differences) and that I have a little bit more knowlage of the guitar, not saying much really but a little bit, I have found that mine has two dead spots on the volume... Not much of an issue, for me at least but worth mentioning. overallrating 5   lineend
name Beach Panda review I have been using Olympus VN-7100 for recording piano and singing sessions, and I want to upgrade it to DR-O7MKII for stereo and connecting to computer. It has more features for me to learn new songs rather than recording tasks. Used it few times to record piano and singing recitals and practices.  The sounds is amazing, and it is much better than VN-7100, and the price is worth to spend.  I haven't fully utilized it yet and didn't have time to study the menu completely, so I just checked the menu whatever I need at this stage.  So far, I am happy for what I got the recording quality from this guy.The build is light, which is good, but its plastic material is kinda cheap as most reviewer commented, and the size is bulky, and I think it can be shorten as DR-40, too bad I don't need 4 channels yet even though I can use it for guitar practices and session.  Ended up I picked DR-07MKII for slightly less $$ ...Bought it for my x'mas gift and got a promotion of $15 rebate at that time. I mailed whatever is needed for the rebate to the vendor for almost 3 weeks, but I still haven't gotten any notice from the vendor.  Besides that, the vendor requests to cut the bar code label from the original box with a filled form for the rebate, which make me dislike.  If they don't rebate to me, and I can't return it neither since the original was cut & trashed!  feel like it's a tricky rebate ... overallrating 4   lineend
name D N Wolfe review This unit works as advertised.  I've used it to record my garage band shows.  Making a simple recording and transferring it to a computer for storage and playback is easy to accomplish for a novice.  Buyers should bear in mind that the unit records ambient sounds (e.g., audience and any other background noise), so if you want a more pure sound, you should record directly to a computer through a mixer or other interface to instruments, microphones, etc. overallrating 4   lineend
name Gregg Bergman review If your a musician (or want to be?) recording you practices and rehearsals are an important part of your ability to learn to play well. I have found recording to be extremely important to my ability to learn new songs and that having been said, you cannot beat a Tascam recorder for ease of operation, features and sound quality. Enough said, buy a Tascam if you serious about your music. overallrating 5   lineend
name G. Thomas review  s on Amazon and other websites.  The good things though is that it is light, portable and the mics can be moved.  I wasn't expecting bose type of sound, but I wasn't expecting to hear the tin man either. overallrating 3   lineend
name James E. Sink review  ... "unixReviewTime": 1332806400, "reviewTime": "03 27, 2012"}
name Reviewer review Just use a smartphone to record stuff. This is a really weird, not very intuitive little device that has been antiquated by the iphone and other smart phones. Not really worth the $75 - I returned mine. overallrating 1   lineend
name theRangel review  I bought this in 2012 to record music classes and workshops that I take in both acoustic / fingerstyle guitar as well as electric guitar, bass and percussion.  All of those environments are very different and require different approaches otherwise you'll wind up with only mumbling or with the sound blown out.  The DR-07MKII has worked well for over 100 classes recorded.This unit has been great for picking up the human voice about 20 feet away while it has been sitting on an extra tilted music stand.  With it set to auto level then I can take it to a loud percussion class or electric band class and it quickly adjusts itself to the environment.You can also set limits for clipping or set the levels manually.  I've needed to do that for classes that involved a lot of lectures but then bursts of high sound.  I was willing to let the bursts clip so that I didn't miss the human speaking around them.One little feature that I now love is the fact that you can preset the file names and it uses them followed by a number to create next file.  I set them for certain venues that take classes or even a class name if I know that I'm going to be taking only that class for a few weeks.  This makes it easy to copy to my PC and keep organized. overallrating 5   lineend
name timhief review I purchased this product a few weeks ago after reviewing and review  s never touched on the phrase trainer feature targeted at musicians.  Tascam makes a line of phrase trainers that typically cost between $150-200 and don't even have high quality microphones, so discovering I could toss an MP3 of the song I was learning and slow it down to figure out the chords and lead guitar parts was an unexpected surprise. This is the better choice for musicians.Other features I appreciate about the DR-07MKII, the adjustable microphones, quick turn on and being armed to record, the file system, the low battery consumption.I should also mention that straight out of the box i attempted to record, after all, everyone said how easy it was to simply open it up, power it up and start recording.  Well, I got a recording without sound!  The unit comes from the factory with the record level at zero.  Once I figure that out all was right again in my universe.  You will want to start with a recording level that is high and adjust lower to suite your recording situation.  I found out the hard way how much of a waste of time it was to start low first, a few of my early attempts at recording our church worship team practice was disappointing.  The more aggressive recording level solved that problem.I purchased a standard microphone windscreen for it, after the first time or two of stretching it on with some difficulty the windscreen loosened up enough to make it a simple process.  I have tried recording outside with this unit and the windscreen with good results. I still don't know how I will solve the  wind noise issue when recording ambient sound (microphone capsules facing out) since the windscreen will only cover the microphones in the XY pattern position.  I'm sure someone makes the smaller windscreen though.For my video work I use inexpensive hd capable camcorders. My new fascination is with the Song Bloggie (swivel camera lense), they are inexpensive now ($50 on Craigslist these days) and with the DR-07MKII all my video pieces have wonderful sound to go along with the surprisingly good picture quality I get from the Bloggie.One last detail, at the point of purchase I discovered Amazon was doing a special on my purchase and discounted the DR-07MKII to the same price point as the Zoom H1... win win!  I got what I expected with my purchase, you will too. overallrating 5   lineend
name tommy review This is probably obvious to more experienced musicians, but for Amateur musicians (like me), If you think that you know how your audience hears you because you listen through your monitor while you play, then you're fooling yourself.  You have to listen to your mix by recording it, then listening while you're not playing/singing. overallrating 4   lineend
name C. Longo review I could never see myself buying a dedicated compressor, reverb pedal, harmonizer, ring modulator, etc.  The Line 6 M5 seemed like a good way to have a \"jack-of-all-trades\" pedal on my board for those times I needed one specialized effect.  I have to say that it serves that purpose in spades.I have an all-analog board and was reluctant to have anything digital on it based on past experience with modelers.  I was wrong to worry; digital has come a long way.  Almost all of the effects sound great to my ear, especially into a tube amp.  True bypass means no tone suck to boot.High points for the delays, reverbs, and mods.  I am not a fan of all of the drives but the Overdrive and Boost Comp sound pretty awesome.  The Rat model \"Classic Distortion\" sounds exactly like my ProCo Rat2.  Wish I could say the same for the Big Muff model but I guess they couldn't get them all right.The only issue is I liked it so much I could not resist the urge to get the M9 so I can run three effects simultaneously.  However, if you need a pedal to fill in for those times when you need a certain single effect the M5 is a winner. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dean J Copely review I was dissapointed to find out that you can only use one of theeffects at a time, good though they were. Too expensive foronly one effect at a time. Returned it. overallrating 2   lineend
name H18 review Make sure you get a Diago power supply or one that can deliver more than 500MA the one sent from Line6 is only 250MA, huge error from L6! overallrating 5   lineend
name Sunn Kram review I decided to try out the M5 in order to add some more effects options while replacing a tuner and analog delay on my pedal board. While I haven't explored all of the sounds yet, I have found some useable ones.You really need to start off by finding and dialing in the effects you like and creating your own presets. Flipping through all of the categories and individual effects is not really practical for any live performance situation. Also, factory settings are almost never where you need them to be on these devices because the source signals from different instruments vary so much.Here are some that I've personally found to be appealing so far:Delay: Analog w/Mod- a nice sounding Memory Man style delay once you dial it in to not overwhelm your source signalReverb: Room- standard adjustable digital delay, not truly authentic by any stretch but does the trick when played over other musicEnvelope Filter: Tron Up- a Winner! fully functional and authentic envelope follower, FUNKY!Synthy: Seeker- a very cool filter for single guitar notes.Octave: Bass Octaver- One note below only but quite effective especially for loopers.You will also find (as expected with a multi-effects pedal) many unpractical, downright silly-sounding noise makers. Not to say you won't find a use for them here or there but they really exist as filler unless we're talking about a 4:20 headphones session ;) Also, don't depend on any strong distortions from this unit unless you're using it as an addition to your amp's lead channel.Construction seems pretty sturdy other than the \"Model Select\" button which is a multi-use knob with push-down / turn action and is cheapy-cheap. It's awkward and uncomfortable to use, fortunately you only really need it while setting the unit up. I already dislodged it from its proper vertical position once while making presets.Having the choice between True-Bypass and DSP is a really nice touch (and unheard of on stomp boxes) as people have different needs here depending on your signal chain.The tuner is quite functional if a little tough to read from standing position. I do miss my KORG Pitchblack with its big bright display but this one does the trick and saves me another pedal connection.I personally wanted things like octave, envelope, phaser, etc. available to me on stage without having to buy and wire in all those pedals for occasional use individually. The M5 is serving that purpose. The sounds will probably not cut it for the audiophile or analog purist. They should also not be depended on as any basis for your overall tone. Just a large bank of fun accents to add here and there in a very manageable and affordable package. overallrating 4   lineend
name Victor Hugo review This single pedal unit has a lot of  amazing and suprising effects. A lot of overdrive/distortions, filters, modulations, delays, reverbs, all carefully modeled. I put M5 side-by-side with the &#34;real one&#34; with a A/B switch, and don't heard differences. I'm using in musics where I need programed delays (like U2 or Pink Floyd) or when I need a specific effect - I only use Tremolo in 1 music, and this gear help me to save my money. overallrating 5   lineend
name victormanuel3007 review I really like the delays and the reverbs on this pedal, i recomend this model, it will work if you need a lot of effects in one box, it really sounds great, the distortions sounds great too. overallrating 5   lineend
name AT review When I bought this pedal I was thinking a heavy distortion. But when I got it and played with it I figured out it was alot different that advertised. It is a acdc, Steve Vaughn kind of pedal. It's got an attitude but it soft at the same time. It's truly a one of a kind product. I would recommend this if you are looking for just a basic distortion pedal. Make a note it is not a metal pedal. Not by any means actually. But for what it is it is fantastic. overallrating 5   lineend
name Brian review Cool pedal on a clean amp. I ran it into my dual gain amp and it just muddied the sound up. I am buying an old twin head that I want to try this on for a little vintage grit. I think it will work great for that. overallrating 4   lineend
name Gustavo Posada review I usually stickup to the OverDrive pedals, asking tons of sound from tubes and extra overdrives. Still, I needed a Distortion that could cover of the Marshall sound-like roar JCM-800... and this guy did the job! It's not a Riot, but... pretty much defends its self from the old 70-80s songs. Love it! overallrating 5   lineend
name Knoxville AV guy review Like the name implies some very cool sounding 70's distortions, not overbearing so your pickups and amp tone still stay in their, I like the mod switch in the top left corner, sounds good with my compressor infront (MXR).  so ez to use and of course it is an MXR so it is built like a tank and to last overallrating 4   lineend
name mando2112 review Great overdrive/distortion for classic rock music.  Good volume roll off tones , at full bore it sounds like VH, and some other 80s rock dudes. It's quiet and has a very active tone control. The crunch switch adds a touch of high end harmonic , not too much but just enough. MXR has come around to making pedals that do what they say they will do. I now own  a Script Phase 90, and a Micro Chorus as well and plan on getting others. I'm a classic rock player these pedals have a classic 60s + vibe. overallrating 5   lineend
name MetalFan review I bought this pedal wanting classic distortion and find it more useful as an overdrive pedal. The distortion range does not get as hot as a RAT or MXR classic distortion but it sounds great with a telecaster and tube amp. I use it with a cigar box guitar also for fun and the tone ranges from 60's and 70's distortion to 80's metal. I get a more extreme distortion from my old hissing Boss Mega Distion as an example.I like that the pedal has a wide array of uses. The build quality seems questionable from MXR. As others have posted, the box is very light and the knobs seem thinner than other MXR's, espeacially the older ones, but this pedal seems solid and makes no noise.The price and demo videos were the primary reason I bought this pedal and I am happy with it. I have many distortion pedals and each one is useful in their own way. I would steer clear of this if you are looking for a pedal for metal and definately buy it if you are into classic rock, twang, and blues. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ray Mond review Well... it's not really too expensive, but it give you basically the same sound no matter how you set it.  Even the crunch button is just a louder sound?  Not a very good value unless you try it out first and this is exactly the sound you're looking for.  Guess that's why it's so cheap. overallrating 1   lineend
name Sam review If you are looking to spend not too much on a distortion pedal, in my opinion this is the one to get. There are a few more different models and brands that are good. But, i could use this pedal no matter what style of music i'm playing and not feel like i have to sell it if i start a new project. overallrating 4   lineend
name StormJH1 review Wanted to review this pedal because I felt some of the other reviews were a little lukewarm.  Distortion is incredibly subjective-it depends on your rig and your tastes. But the Badass '78 by MXR is a very nice pedal for a decent price.  It doesn't do metal or super high-gain, but offers some nice classic rock tones and can be quite warm if you back off on the tone knob. The crunch button adds brightness and volume and may or may not be too harsh for your setup.  However, the tone knob does do a pretty good job of rolling back the high end, especially if you activate the \"crunch\" button.The build quality seems to be pretty good, though I should note that while the pedal is the same size as other MXR pedals, it is significantly lighter.  I suppose this could make it more susceptible to denting and damage if it travels, but it should be plenty durable for 95% of users.  I really like the switch on this one too, it's easy to press and clearly clicks \"on\" once depressed.  One minor annoyance if you use the \"crunch\" setting is that the blue light (which is annoyingly bright like an LED headlight) stays on EVEN when the pedal itself is off.  This can be quite distracting if you rely on the lights on your pedal board to tell you which effects are on.  Not really a major gripe that detracts from the pedal's quality, but a frustrating design decision.Basically, if you get the right setup, you'll get great tone.  I got this pedal specifically to try and find a better alternative to the BOSS DS-1, which lacks mids and can sound harsh/abrasive.  The MXR '78 Badass is definitely superior in that regard, but a lot will depend on your rig and settings.  I find that this pedal really excels on playing single notes on the lower strings (think \"Walk this Way\" by Aerosmith, or \"Hangingaround\" intro by Counting Crows).  And if you pair it with a fat tubescreamer or other overdrive pedal, you could probably thicken it up a bit for higher solos.  Great pedal! overallrating 5   lineend
name Dennis M review Not every tune needs tremolo I grant you, but when you need one, this will do the job and them some. Simple controls. The LED pulses with the beat of the unit giving you a visual of the unit's settings at all times. 100% silent switching. In a FX loop, there's not a trace of hiss, hum, or noise in any form. In a chain running into an amp's input, there is a slight volume increase. Not much, but a little. No big deal really, unless you're a real tone freak. There is no change in tone or any form of loss when in use. Being a true bypass, it changes nothing when off either. The box is ultra solid. The jacks are all metal. The switch is stout. In short, this is a solid performing pedal that gives a nice clean, warm, tremolo that cannot be beat at three times the cost of this unit. It it anchored to my board! It is not going to come off because it's that good. Besides, how can you turn down a deal like this and get a pedal that has a crouching pitbull on it??? overallrating 5   lineend
name guitfiddleblue review  I purchased this pedal recently, a bit skeptical with such a low price tag; however, I was completely impressed with it. I don't use a tremolo effect often, but when I do I just need some subtle, shimmering swells. This box does the trick. Construction wise it is housed in an all metal chasis. The knobs feel sturdy enough and the button seems strong - by the way, it is true bypass which is nice. It doesn't seem to affect my tone when I kick it on, no volume or tone changes, just the tremolo effect. And, silly enough, the yellow paint looks cool on my pedal board. I don't know if I will purchase other joyo effects, but I am impressed with this one. 5 stars. overallrating 5   lineend
name hgprs review  This is a very good piece of equipment for its price. Used mildly, it gives the sound a more natural feel. overallrating 4   lineend
name Jacy D. Gillum review It is built like a tank, but it quit working after a couple of weeks. I haven't made time trouble shoot it yet, so I'm not sure what component has failed. overallrating 2   lineend
name just_keith review Pretty cool knock-off of the Schaller trem or Diaz Tremodillo. This is my 2nd or 3rd Joyo pedal, and my favorite thus far. I don't care for the cheap jacks, but you get what you pay for, and I can always replace them if they break (I work on pedals all the time).I've got a scratchbuilt improved EA Trem (with two footswitchable speeds) and a cheap little Danelectro Tuna Melt. Other than the crummy bypass and plastic construction, the Tuna Melt is my favorite since it has the hard/soft switch. The improved EA has a great preamp for guaranteed unity gain (or more), and the footswitchable speeds that I added gives it extra flexibility. But I think the Joyo trumps it by just a little bit in that the core trem sound is a nice blend of the Tuna Melt's hard and soft settings.So part of this is really a subjective take on this flavor of trem, but suffice it to say if you've tried a few, this one will probably satisfy you at least a bit. No unity gain issues, and the speed and depth have a good sweep throughout their ranges.And it's just a niggle, but how hard would it be to get the word &#34;tremolo&#34; silkscreened so that it's centered on the box? At least there's no skull and flames like on the High Gain Distortion. overallrating 4   lineend
name Matt review This pedal gives me a whole range of tremolo to choose from. From subtle warm tones to psychedelic waves of volume all for only $40! And it's built tough like a good effects pedal should be: full metal case and solid construction, an all around great buy overallrating 4   lineend
name Raul Diaz Pea review This product is bad quality because the noise it makes. It increases the volume so much that it is better not to use it at all. I'm going to sell this product. I didn't like it. overallrating 1   lineend
name Shad Clark review The joyo tremolo is awesome, best for the buck. It's just as good as any, I love the joyo pedals. affordable and doesn't break the bank overallrating 5   lineend
name StormJH1 review For most guitarists, tremolo is a very simple effect.  You simply want a pedal to control swells or oscillations in volume to give your tone a \"shimmering\" effect.  It's used in subtle fashion in everything from to 50's/60's rock and surf guitar to modern \"indie\" rock.  But most guitarists (like me) were never going to shell out $100 (or more) for a Boss or other expensive tremolo option.  In fact, there really weren't that many affordable tremolo pedals on the market.Enter the Joyo JF-09 Tremolo.  This pedal is simple, durable, affordable ($40 - $45), and it just works.  The only two controls are for Intensity (depth of the volume swells) and Rate (how fast the swells cycle).  The LED light dims rhythmically along with the \"Rate\" control, which is a nice visual indicator.As for the sound - the pedal sounds great.  It doesn't color or diminish your tone in any way.  I'm not a \"tremolo expert\ but the effect sounds as it should.  If you're the type to obsess over tremolo, then you probably aren't looking to save money anyway, and there are $200 boutique options from Catalinbread and others that have tap input and other features.  I'm not particularly interested in those, so the lack of those on the Joyo won't detract from my score.Regarding the quality and durability of Joyo pedals, there's a lot of discussion about that, but also some misinformation.  I've personally owned 7 of them at one point or another (yes, I like them that much), and I've yet to have one fail.  The early run of Joyo pedals is actually quite durable, and includes the JF-09 Tremolo and every pedal numbered from JF-01 through JF-17.  The more recent models numbered higher than that are all similar in appearance, and while many of them still sound great, they feel lighter, \"cheaper\ and the switch is a little more suspect.  I recommend ordering through a vendor that ships from the U.S., rather than trying to save a few bucks on a direct shipment from China.  Many of the U.S. vendors will test the pedal out before shipping it, which is a huge advantage.Highly recommended! overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review  These work great.For the price I bought a couple intending to use them on a diddley bow I built.I have not used them for that purpose yet, but tried them on my guitars, a dulcimer and stick I built, and was impressed with the sound quality for the price. overallrating 5   lineend
name Aurelio review  This device works well, but sound is far from perfect. Distortion is more noticeable at higher volume. For the price paid is a very reasonable option. overallrating 3   lineend
name B. Benamati review not the greatest little pick up, for the price im more than happy with its performance.  put it through a highr quality mixer and there are no problems, run it through a practice amp and it comes off a bit tinny.  I wont fit in the sound hole to I clip it to the head stock and it works surprisingly well.  Cant beat it for the price. overallrating 4   lineend
name B:D review I like how easy it can be attached to the soundhole, or, for that matter, to the headstock, where you may get less feedback than with the soundhole. It works well but produces a somewhat metallic sound, not quite true to your guitar (you will note this in particular with a classical guitar). This can be balanced, to some degree with your amp's equalizer and/or the treble and bass settings. However, compared to the AXL Pickup (which I bought for comparison), the Cherub is suboptimal when it comes to the sound it produces. It is not bad, but it does not reach the quality of the AXL. Both are inexpensive enough that you may buy them together and see what you like best. The Cherub may actually sound better with an acoustic metal sting guitar. overallrating 4   lineend
name Beach Panda review DOWNGRADE TO 1-O STAR AFTER RETURNING IT BACK TO BROOKMAYS, THE SELLER:I am really disappointed by the seller, BrookMays', ignorant responses to my return of the defective Cherbub Guitar Pickup, which picks up unwanted noise by the wire's own movements and the high frequency of feedback that other pickup won't have the same issue.  After two weeks of the returned item was delivered, I didn't hear anything from the seller regarding the return, so I emailed to the seller to see if we can settle it asap.  Too bad, four days after the email had been sent, I only got the email of telling me the case# of the message I sent without any further response to my refund.  until my patience is gone to deal with this hassle, and I don't think it's worth to waste more time on it, despite the fact of wasting the time and money I spent on this useless pickup and the shipping costs. Therefore, yesterday, I emailed my last contact to the seller regarding the refund of the purchase and gonna report this to AMAZON about the bad after-sale service I ever have before if I still haven't heard from the seller shorty.Today, I finally received the seller's response to my refund, the seller denies the issues of the pickup and claims, review   AFTER USING IT TWICE:I like the clip-on design, which is easy to use, so it is worth 2 stars; however, it doesn't work well clipping on small soundholed string instruments like ukes and kid size guitars because it touches the strings.  Besides that, it also picks up loudly through the wire's own movements, not as the description \"regardless the surrounding noises.\"  I have distressed from those unwanted loud noises.  One more thing that it somehow produces much higher feedback to the mini amp that I use, and I have to turn the volume as low as possible to prevent the high frequency of feedback. However, when I switch to another pickup with the same setup on mini amp and acoustic guitars or uke. the amp doesn't have any feedback even turning it to almost the highest volume, and the other pickup doesn't have the unwanted noise from its own movement either.  I don't know whether is my lack of luck or the poor pickup I got ... I bought it because its cheap price (less than $9) & clip-on design, but, I can't accept the noises and I have to waste my shipping cost to return it back to the seller. So, if you want to give it a try, you may bear in mind that the seller, BrookMays, doesn't take any responsibility for the shipments even the item doesn't work properly as claimed description. Good Luck then! overallrating 1   lineend
name bean review  I bought this for the other half of my duet to use on there guitar and mandolin .They had there doubts about how good it would sound and if it would feedback.Well surprise surprise surprise it didn't feedback and it sounds great.I would recommend this product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bienbenido Rodriguez review this was for a friend who liked the way the guitar pikup worked that he ordered 2 more for his family members. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dr. Dale review I have a couple of clip on mics that I tried out.  This one is definitely the best.  I use it on the head stock of my soprano ukes and right in the sound hole for my bari uke.  You do have to find the sweet spot, but once you do, it works great through my Pignose amp, and actually fits right inside my Pignose.  Great value and price too! overallrating 5   lineend
name Island Girl review After purchasing many kinds of attachments to amplify my mandolin or fiddle, with little or no satisfaction, I ordered this little mic.  I didnt' expect much considering the price.  It works so great, I ordered a few more.  Clip it into the guitar sound hole, or on the head stock, or on the mandolin head stock or on the fiddle....each time, it delivers a natural pleasant sound, not distorted or squeaky. The cord is long enough for me to stand and move around some while I play.  that is a GREAT bonus for me!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Jeremy Hurst review Very good for any instrument that does not have a pick up on it!!!!!! I would recommend this product to a friend! overallrating 5   lineend
name Johanna Soliday review I really like the Cherub pickup. It is the easiest to install in my classical guitar of any pickup I've used. The sound quality is very good for a piezo pickup and better than at least one of the more complicated bar type in the sound hole type pickups I have. The pick wire out to the amp is skinny and only 8 feet long, but for 8 bucks it can't be beat. overallrating 5   lineend
name kiboy review  I just play at home with friends. It works well so far on all my ukuleles.  However every time you touch your instrument it's going to transmit that sound into your amp so it's nothing I'd be using on stage if I didn't have to.  Still it seems to be a good value but truth be told I haven't had it long so it could crap out on the longevity issue. Time will tell. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mary V review It arrived on time, I have an Epiphone Hummingbird acoustic guitar, so I needed a pickup for do some recording,it works well but It's not very loud. This thing should sound louder, next time, I'll buy a Duncan pickup. overallrating 3   lineend
name Mathew K Raikes review I recently purchased a Vox Mini3 G2 modeling amp to go with my new Mainland Tenor (acoustic/electric) ukulele. It was my first electric instrument and I immediately fell in love with the combination uke/amp.A little time went by and I began wishing I could plug my 5 other non-electric ukuleles and 3 guitars into my amp.  I see DIY pickup sets are pretty inexpensive, but I didn't really want the expense (times eight) or the hassle of drilling holes and installing them on all those instruments.Then I stumbled on this Cherub pickup.  For about the cost of lunch at McDonalds it seemed I might &#34;electrify&#34; on the fly whatever instrument I cared to . . . pickup.  So I bought it.Bottom line is that it works very well for my needs.  And although I don't have a very critical ear, I (think) I can hear a slight quality/clarity difference between the built-in pickup on my Mainland uke vs clipping this onto my other instruments, but that's not a surprise and such a small difference that I don't much care. So far I've been clipping it into the sound holes, but I might try it on the headstock as others have recommended.If you're a Rock-God don't even consider this (why would you anyway?). But if you're a mere mortal just having some fun with your instruments and would like an inexpensive option to plug one in once in a while, this Cherub is for you. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mustafa M. review For the price you will expect what sound you'll get, I haven't tried other expensive ones, but I have a Yamaha NTX700 with built in pickups (Pro guitar) and the price reflects the quality.Also the WCP-60G has no guide or manual where to attache it to get the best soundIt is not that expensive, you can buy it if you just want the sound of the guitar to be recorded overallrating 3   lineend
name Pegleg review This is more of a toy than a good pickup. It functions but doesn't sound great. What did I want for this price anyway? overallrating 2   lineend
name Phaeton review I put this in the soundhole of a concert ukulele and angled it toward the &#34;G&#34; string and it sounds great. What a buy for the price. You may have to experiment with position and for ukes some have found the headstock to be the best spot. Whatever spot you find is best for you, it's worth it, I'm going to try it on my reso-uke next. overallrating 5   lineend
name RelevantC review Well This work well with my Uke, and there is a review that pretty much sum it up! Put it on the headstock! overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard review  only  thing is you need to loosen some strings to get it into place, but  worked great for what I wanted to screw around with it, overallrating 5   lineend
name Wayfinder review First we have to realize this is not a $200 pickup or even a $50 pickup.  It's less than ten bucks.It has a specially-designed clamp that is good for attaching it to the sound hole of a guitar.  As such it is not going to work for an instrument without a considerable-size sound hole.  It also will tend to get in the way of those who play directly over the sound hole, as it is quite easy to hit and will pick up any contact noise.It is more sensitive than cheaper competitor devices.  Unless you run it directly into the amp within a distance of 8 ft you are also going to need a 1/4\" to 1/4\" coupler (to allow it to connect to an extension guitar cord).  You will need such extension as this tends to have significant feedback issues if the amp is too close or facing the guitar.It is a passive pickup, so you will need either an amp with a passive-specific input or a preamp mixer or other preamp device. If you don't have a preamp system, this will do you no good.So because of the limitations I rate it as above.  For what it does though-- providing a passive pickup that can be quickly switched out between instruments, it does okay.  I believe there are better pickup concepts out there for about the same amount of money, including adhesive-disk mikes.  I would prefer to permanently mount a pickup of some kind and there are many low-cost pickups out there to choose from.  But this is a slightly different concept (removable) that for the price is worth checking in to. overallrating 2   lineend
name Bill Lewey review  This is a cool gadget.  I love experimenting with adjusting the power level on various pedals.  It can do some strange things and get unique sounds. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris review I purchased this to replace my other adapter that didn't work. Whereas, this does the job. I'm happy I purchased this and didn't have to invest in purchasing 9V batteries every time I wanted to play guitar. overallrating 5   lineend
name F. Jones review You know the problem with 9v wall warts is that noise in the signal can be a problem.  I am powering my 9 unit pedal board with this adapter and it works great.  I have used it some at lower voltages, but only on my older analog pedals.  I wouldn't reccomend running digital effects at reduced voltage.  The cord is a little wimpy compared to my Boss PSA adapter, but it is acceptable. overallrating 4   lineend
name Joe Bouler review This power supply is advertised as having the capability to power multiple pedals. That's good to know, but since I plan on using it to power only one pedal, it works fine for me. The variable voltage settings give you some interesting effects. I am very pleased with it and recommend it over other brands. overallrating 5   lineend
name Mano review The Danelectrode has a knob that allows you to set how much volts you want to feed your pedals with (3V to 9V), by giving less power to them, you can get some really spooky sounds; great fun, but can also help give you your characteristic sound.  I also like the fact that you connect it vertically on the outlet, this allows to connect any other stuff to the same outlet because it does not take all the space on it, like other adapters do.  The price is great, I'm planning to have several of this. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick review The first power source that is fun.  It can take the edge off of a distortion of OD pedal by rolling off the voltage.  I have yet to use it with a fuzz but I hear it sound sick. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rock Morton review I like the Dan Electrode but I noticed dropping the voltage on some of my pedals really changes the effect (turned my Heavy Metal into a sick fuzz and my LavaBox  into a primitive distortion), and on others dropping voltage can mean a slight loss of sustain(Onerr Overdrive) or volume(FrenchToast) and thats it. It's still a good 9volt power supply but the voltage drop feature doesn't always 'wow' you. overallrating 4   lineend
name aspaeth review This may have been the best money I've ever spent for a guitar accessory. I can dial the pressure to exactly what I need for any spot on the neck. It has a smooth action, no \"kerchunk\" noise. My guitar stays in tune when capo-ed. I love it! overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Frank review Good quality. Adjustable and does not get in the way, Great improvement over spring capos. Not much more to say but need five more words to post overallrating 5   lineend
name Cabbott review I've bought 3 capos in the last couple months searching for the perfect fit. Well, the hunt is over. Amazing tone, perfect tuning. I'm completely amazed with this capo........ overallrating 5   lineend
name ChevisN7 review Well made Capo. Works as designed on my acoustic. Easy to usel and it is nice that you can adjust the pressure on the strings. Just wish it had a spring so It could stay attached to the head of the guitar when not in use. I am always setting it down and forgetting where I left it. overallrating 4   lineend
name chris review I started playing and writing a few songs that were specifically designed to get the sound that comes from a capo higher on the neck.I found that I needed to have a couple of exta capos hanging around and so bought this and the G7th. Both are very good. I did notice that if I had a wider neck (I think i am 42.5 mm at the nut on my two Takamines) the may be a bit short. They work and are cool looking. I have aa adjustable Planet Waves that also works great. Cheaper ones also work overallrating 4   lineend
name D. Dreifus review Well made, proven over decades. Switched from NS capo to improve tone with a one piece mahogany neck. Not sure there is a huge difference but there does seem to be an improvement. Requires less adjustment. Square pad allows placement right next to the fret. Easy to adjust with a bit of practice.I enjoy using quality machined parts, so this is a pleasure, plus it is built to last. overallrating 5   lineend
name Fallbrookdave review So I heard these were good, and ordered one to try. I was really amazed at the quality and awesome feel of it locking down.A must have. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ipodcrazy review I've used Shubb for years.  I strayed briefly on a Fender Smart capo.  You can read my review on that item.  I really liked it at first and in my review I said I was converted from Shubb.  Im back to Shubb.  The Fender is plastic and it works fine on my electrics but not as well as on my acoustic.  The Shubb works great on both. If you just buy a Shubb to begin with, you wont ever have to waste money on trying out different capos.  It will not clamp on to your headstock, so if you like having a capo sticking out of your guitar when you're not using it, then this isn't it. overallrating 5   lineend
name K. Ray review I like this capo because you can adjust the pressure, but I've had it pop of easily twice already. Have others I trust more. overallrating 3   lineend
name Lonnie M. Adams review If you enjoy playing Guitars, then I think you will love this Shubb S1 Acoustic Guitar Deluxe Capo. It something NICE to have around your house and work great.  Thanks to all. overallrating 5   lineend
name Robert Baxter review I've tried them all, and I like the Shubb the best. Easy to use, very tight and doesn't get in the way. overallrating 5   lineend
name AllThingsTech review  Simple. Effective.  Just what I wanted.  Seems a tad flimsy, but, time will tell.  Tuning couldn't be easier.  Neat product. overallrating 5   lineend
name Amazon Customer review Simple and easy to use, easy to carry around.Love it, the display is cool, and can't ask anything more. overallrating 5   lineend
name A. M. Steiner review It's not that great. You go through batteries like crazy and it doesn't work at all for bass. It's fine for guitar or banjo overallrating 3   lineend
name Aurelio review  Easy and quite simple to use, this tuner is accurate and none intrusive, so you can leave it on your instrument for a quick re-tune on the go. overallrating 5   lineend
name bayou bob review i ordered a couple from my guitar seller...enjoyed..saw these and tried again...the box for tuner was a little smushed...but well packaged and arrived on time...will order again if needed..enjoy overallrating 4   lineend
name B:D review Works amazingly well, is very precise, and easy to handle. I have seen other devices that would get confused about frequencies and jump back and forth between different notes. Not so this one. It is a great, reliable tuner. overallrating 5   lineend
name B. Hood review  works great,great little tuner,i would recomend this for experienced player and a beginner. i was skeptical when a friend rcommended it, but im pretty impressed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Bill review This is a handy little piece, and for the money a great deal.  I have one of these for each of my guitars and they're as accurate as anything else I've used. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bluesage review  Well, to date, these Snark tuners have got to be one of the best tuners I've ever run across.I highly recommend them, especially the ones with the built-in vibration sensor. overallrating 5   lineend
name Captn' Bob review I ordered this primarily for my 5 string Ovation Bass.  First, there is very little room on the head stock for it to clamp without hitting strings.  My Ovation has a beveled end to the head stock but I was finally got it on the bottom between the D & G string tuners.  It does not respond well to an open B, but octaves are fine and as long as I have confidence in my intonation it is no problem.  I tested it against some of my more sensitive tuners and found it to be spot on.  When I tried it on my Ibanz solid body 5-string I found it to be even less likely to &#34;read&#34; quickly or at all. Also worked great on my 6 strings. overallrating 3   lineend
name C. Forbes review  I used this tuner as I transitioned from playing Rocksmith to playing in the real world. My amp had a built in tuner, but it seemed to give inconsistent readings. With this tuner, it doesn't matter if it is electric or acoustic, it gives a very very accurate reading. My luthier tunes by ear and when we tested against it, they were only off by 2 units in any given direction. Very happy and pleased with this one. overallrating 5   lineend
name chapopot! review i bought three of these items after i first tried ine from a friend. and i am convince that the tuning is consistent and very handy.. a must for guitarists! overallrating 5   lineend
name Chris review Does what it was intended to do. Completely satisfied with this purchase. Seems to work just fine for my needs. overallrating 5   lineend
name Christopolis79 review The one that shipped was the cheaper, shiny plastic one.  In my experience this model is inferior.  Also the rubber lining inside the clip was unattached - probably the glue didn't hold?  I like Snarks and think they are some of the best clip-on tuners.  Just not a fan of the cheap, shiny plastic versions.  I'll try returning it and getting the SN-8. overallrating 3   lineend
name Craig Brubaker review  Got this to tune my guitar without relying on Rocksmith on my PS3, and to double check against it. I have a pretty crappy ear, so I rely on it to tune correctly. Responds fast, display is INCREDIBLE! I wish my car dash looked like this thing. Fits easily on the headstock of the guitar, in front or behind. Tunes by sensing the vibration of the instrument, not using a microphone, so you can tune even if it is noisy. And any pedals, effects, amps, etc in the setup do not affect the tone, you are tuning the actual resonance of the string. Even picks up well enough for me to adjust intonation as well. Forced a friend who just bought a bass to get one too. For the price, I would recommend anyone who plays a stringed instrument get one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Craig Richard Gillette review I bought this because I bought a used Martin D15M that didn't have a tuner built in, and it clips right on the neck and is easy to turn on. The cool led readout instantly tells you which string, and gives you the \"green\" when the string is in tune. This is a great little tuner and I recommend it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Dakotah Jennings review Really, they are. I really don't have anything more to say about it. I've played for 13 years and these are by far my favorite tuners ever. Affordable, accurate, and they don't fall off your knee all the time lol! overallrating 5   lineend
name Denis review The tuner I choose is very easy to use, simple and small. Good for people who don't have time and patience for to conect cables to tune the instrument. I recomend it. overallrating 4   lineend
name DJB review Great tuner for the price.Makes tunning easy and fast.The grips come off the neck on my acoustic,but works better on my electric. overallrating 4   lineend
name DNCB review  It is really helpful to a person like me that knows jack squat about music. I really do recommend it is tiny so it is not all big and in your face and you can easily take it off if it does bother you. overallrating 5   lineend
name Doug review Great tuner just bought 8 of them for X-Mas presents. Very easy to use  clip on and go. The price was great. fits in your case. battery life is good. very versatel. Tune my Mandolin and Banjo with it.and they look really cool overallrating 5   lineend
name Douglas W. Fielder review This little Snark is easy to carry around and works great.  I have used several different styles and brands, this is a must have for musicians. overallrating 5   lineend
name Earl D. Shaffer review  I was not sure about this at first. Seemed too cheap to work. But I was happily surprised. It works welll.Not perfect, but not expensive.Get one. overallrating 4   lineend
name Grizz review  Great little tooland very handy, a bargain and a good buy Does not mar my guitar and is easy to see,Thanks overallrating 5   lineend
name Igneous review -  This tuner is affordable and it works well. I have purchased six so far. They are sturdy. They have all come with a battery in the box you have to install yourself.-  I actually sat on one and thought I broke it, turned out the main tuner head pops right back on to the goose neck. The LED is bright in low light but does not display well in bright daylight. If the display starts to dim in the dark you need a new battery. The fairly large disk style battery cost me $9.80 for a two/pack at  Walgreens.-  We had a Birthday Jam at a friends house. I used this tuner for my guitar and ending up passing it around all night between three bass players and four guitarists. At the end of the night I gave it to the birthday boy as he had admired it all night.-  I gave one to my grand-nephews. I keep one on each my favorite acoustic and electric guitars. They stay on in their cases. I like the goose neck style but I have not tried the other no-neck swivel ones. I also have one for my Bass. It's a great musician's party favor.-  I always had trouble reading my old analog tuners in low light so I really like these tuners. Don't forget - Practice, Practice, Practice. overallrating 5   lineend
name Ingrid Shelton review Snark tuners are the best.  A few months ago I bought a different brand tuner and it doesn't pick up all strings.  I bought this one and it works great.  No problems. overallrating 5   lineend
name Isaac review It's a great little tuner, great accuracy, but unfortunately, they are a bit on the delicate side. The first one started working about a week after i bought it. Just broke down. The second one i purchased had a break when it arrived. After piecing the two of them together, i have a nice stable tuner. But beware...these are manufactured on the cheap. overallrating 3   lineend
name Jake review Snark tuners are great. Since I've bought Snark tuners, they have never broken or fell out of tuning capability in any way. I've had some for years that I still use today without ever changing batteries or anything. They are great and last forever. This one is also super accurate and allows you to really fine-tune your instrument. It have a vibration and mic sensor, so it can be attached to the instrument or set aside played in to to get a reading on the pitch that is being played. Really nice piece of equipment for a small price. overallrating 5   lineend
name James E. Perkins review It's a pretty cool little gizmo. The clip on feature is really helpful too; makes me wonder what I did before I had one. overallrating 5   lineend
name James M. Bailey review I have several of these for my guitar, fiddle, and mandolin.  It works well for all of them and is inexpensive. overallrating 5   lineend
name James Tunnicliffe review I tried one of these on my violin at a Guitar Center where it's costs more than Amazon.I think the Amazon price is the best you'll find.It works as well as expensive tuners. In addition to tuning up the strings, I use it to practice scales on the violin and check my intonation.Be advised though, that it only registers natural notes and sharps. It does not show a readout of flat notes, instead it shows the &#34;equivalent&#34; note. But as violin players know, a B flat is NOT the same as an A#.But it doesn't just read the letter of the note your on. The graphical representation shows how close you are above or below it.For ten bucks, you can't go wrong. overallrating 5   lineend
name jamie review This will b my 2nd one of these so to me it's worth it. The 1st one I loaned to a friend and never got back so for $10 I just got another. I think their pretty accurate. I normally tune by ear but if there's a few of us playing then sometimes someone needs one, and I always use it putting on new strings myself. As far as battery life goes you can get them right on Amazon. They are cheap you can get a package of 6, each one lasting over a year or if you prefer you can go over to Walmart and get them in the jewelery section. overallrating 4   lineend
name J.C. review I'm pretty impressed with it.  I've only used plug-in types of tuners prior, and this was a nice surprise.  I ran this through my ukulele, electric guitars as well as an electric bass.  I was blown away how it could tune my bass.  It works quickly, and it seems pretty accurate compared to my Petersen.  I would recommend it to anyone.  Took one star off for visibility.  Certain lighting and certain angles can wash out the display very easily. overallrating 4   lineend
name jesw review My eight year old finds this very easy to use on his violin. It seems to be accurate, and he is now capable of tuning his violin by himself. overallrating 5   lineend
name Jim Dandy review I used other clamp type tuners and this one fit the bill perfectly.  I bought my dad one, too.  he loves it too!!! overallrating 5   lineend
name Joehorse review Works well even with a room full of noise....................plus it's easy to see. These are the best buy for my money when it comes to tuning a Guitar or Uke. overallrating 5   lineend
name John review I used this to tune a coconut thumb piano. If it can tune that, it should handle your guitar or bass FINE. Was really impressed to see it in action. NOT THE SMOOTHEST operation in the world but it's gig-bag small and accurate. overallrating 5   lineend
name johnny8 review Works great and does a good job, a must have type tool for the price get one !!! Light takes up little space and easy to use . overallrating 4   lineend
name J. Perry review  Clamp it on end of the neck of your guitar. Pluck a string and it will indicate what it is. Turn the tuning knob to the desired spot and you are done. Takes 10 minutes to tune the guitar. Mine is electric. Works plugged in or unplugged. overallrating 5   lineend
name kenb review Got this tuner for my new bass.  clipped it onto the headstock, was able to tune without plugging it into the amp. clear bright display.  Might have to pickup a couple more of these for my other guitars overallrating 5   lineend
name Mark King review I bought this to use on my Fender P-bass. It is not reliable for me, sometimes it works and sometimes it can't find the low note correctly. I'm still using my Roland stomp box tuner. Glad this was inexpensive, it was not worth the hassle to return, i gave it away. overallrating 2   lineend
name Md. Zaheer Hasan review Snark tuners are the most comfortable ones you can find. And they tune with amazing accuracy. If this model had a microphone to detect sound it might have been even better, but there's already another model for that. In one way it's better because sometimes the vibration and sound sensor works together to pickup other sounds while you're tuning, so this tuner is a pretty good choice. overallrating 4   lineend
name Mike C review I LOVE snark tuners, this not being the first one I bought, nor the last. I loved the fact that I didn't have to press all the buttons like the other ones. Just get it relatively in tune by ear, then this thing will help you with the rest. My only problem is with the little rubber plastic on the grip. It has already pulled up and I only put it on and off my guitar maybe 3 times so far. I mean, I've had it for less then a month now and that is pretty bad. I'm just going to glue it back but it seems like it should have been better in that aspect. I would highly recommend this to anyone who wants a black snark tuner for their axe. overallrating 4   lineend
name MK Hill review  s settled on this one over the SN1 or SN2.This is too easy and my guitar has never stayed in tune like this before. It requires no input from your guitar so can be used any time. The only thing I don't like about it is it doesn't really like the E string of my bass. I don't think it picks up those long wavelengths so well. I will try the SN8 shortly and give this one to a friend.I do recommend this for guitarists because you will always be in tune no matter the tuning. If you leave it on while soloing you can see what notes you are playing. I am my own guitar tech, as well as for a friend, and I can set the intonation perfectly with this thing.Get a Snark and you will be happy.Edit - I don't like to use this with my PRS as the headstock has very little room to clip this to. The only place to clip is the very end and you are fighting tuning keys for space at that point. If you can get it there comfortably it works but nothing like with a Fender or Gibson; both which have plenty of space on the headstock. overallrating 4   lineend
name Musicman review I had bought an SN2 and love it but I found it had a little trouble recognizing the low E on my bass. This handles bass tuning much better. The lit display is great for tuning on stage, and because it works on vibration you don't need to worry about muting when you are tuning.I also find it very accurate. I would have given it 5 stars but the battery died after a couple of weeks. This is probably the seller and not the manufacturer. overallrating 4   lineend
name NPunk42 review I've had a few of these things, not all the same model. This one was hard to read. I changed the battery and that helped out quite a bit. Overall I like it and use it on gigs instead of my pedal. overallrating 4   lineend
name NW_OR_USA review This tuner is super easy to use and very user friendly. Clamp it on, press the power switch, and then  pluck a string. It will tell you if you are hitting the right note and if it is in tune.I only gave this 3 stars because the battery meter only indicated 1/2 charge out of the box. It still had the plastic barrier that had to be removed to connect the battery.  Shouldn't it have a full battery since it is brand new? Not enough of a hassle to send it back, but worth mentioning.Had the battery not been an issue, I would have rated this 5 stars. overallrating 3   lineend
name Oldcabdriver review This is one of the best, simple to use, guitar tuners I've used -- and I've used a lot of them.  The bonus is that it's also one of the least expensive that I've seen.  You won't be disappointed. overallrating 5   lineend
name Personne review Any guitarist knows how one of these works.  Clamp it on the head, turn it on, and tune.  I've tried this on several guitars as well as an electric bass.  My only real complaint is that it often takes 3-4 seconds to register the note it's getting.  It occasionally latches onto a harmonic as well.  The low E on my bass will occasionally register as a B (3rd harmonic) for example.  In general, the dullest means of plucking the string (finger instead of pick) will give the quickest and most glitch-free pitch.  All in all, it's a handy little tool to have in the gig bag. overallrating 4   lineend
name Pissed Off! Review should be 1/5 review  Not quite as loaded as the red All Instrument Snark, but it gets the job done. Is very sensitive to vibration. overallrating 4   lineend
name Pushpin review I've been using aKorg TM-40 Large Display Digital Tuner and Metronomefor a long time with my guitar. While adequate, I wanted the Snark because it was made specifically for guitar and the clip-on feature would counter my laziness in finding the tuner.The snark is great, and the price is amazing. The Snark, unlike the Korg, tunes by vibration.. so if it isn't attached the the guitar, it won't work. I feel that the vibration tuning is more accurate and efficient. With the Korg, the dial would spin all over the place and I would just mentally estimate where the right tone would be. The Snark is much more decisive and faster so it eliminates all the guesswork out of tuning. You will know exactly how sharp or flat the guitar is or if you want to try alternative tunings like drop-D it is so much simpler than with the Korg.No metronome but that's what I'm keeping the Korg for. I also wish that this specific came in another color other than black. There are Snarks in other colors but this model is specifically for guitars.Overall, extremely happy with this purchase. overallrating 5   lineend
name RazzSpew10 review  Awesome for $10. Accurate with TV on in the background. This thing is just sweet, I just love it. Easy no-brainer. overallrating 5   lineend
name Richard G. review It's just about dead-on with my Korg, which is extremely accurate. I had never seen a tuner that you can just clip onto the neck like this, and it is hugely convenient to have it sitting right there as you play. It's soft enough with the clip, that it is safe to have on a high end guitar without worrying about it scratching or hurting anything. It shuts itself off when you forget to do that -- which happens a lot. Good little tuner at a steal of a price. I like it. overallrating 5   lineend
name Rick from Westport, MA review I play guitar, bass and violin.....and more. I have used many clip on tuners that are two and three times the cost and are just okay. In fact that may be saying too much.  I was really surprised at the Snark SN-5 tuner.  I found it very accurate.  I compared it to my Boss TU-2 tuner plugged in to the guitar and it was just as accurate and maybe a bit tighter.  I decided to adjust my guitar intonation with the Snark (no one would ever do this...this was a test) and it was very close to my stroboscope.  I plan on buying the higher quality Snark tuner that supposed to be even tighter.  Very impressed with this. If I can take my tuner pedal out of the loop and off my board, I will be happy.  These are cheap enough to buy one for each guitar so I don't have to move it around as I change guitars during performances. overallrating 4   lineend
name Rick Langdon review  I am a long-time musician with lots of experience with tuners and stringed instruments ... wanted to like this ... but ...First the positives:- Looks great- nice, easy to read display- the screen pivots in almost every direction to suit your needs- the clip seems sturdy- tuner is compact- nice priceNow the significant disappointment:- inaccurateThe settings were on A-440 but every time I tuned an acoustic instrument with this thing, the tuning was sharp ... I tested this not only by ear but against other tuners ... very disappointing ... I have used the old Planet Waves tuners for years and had settled on them as the best choice for the price; however, since D'Addario now owns Planet Waves products, they have discontinued the tuner I like and only offer the NS Mini Tuner (it has its place I guess, but I much prefer the larger one ... too bad they made this decision IMO) ...I haven't settled on my new tuner of choice yet so for now I will keep using my old Planet Waves models ...Bottom line, no matter how nice the Snark is in many ways, the primary function is to help the musician tune accurately, not only string to string but to a standard A-440 ... having failed that requirement, it is useless for me, especially in a band situation ... overallrating 1   lineend
name S. C. Dallman review I have several Snarks. This one is the most basic. All are fast and accurate. I have many young guitar students and the Snark is the first tuner they have no trouble using. I also have purchased several red, blue and the new Super Tight tuner. The Super Tight is slightly faster, brighter and more accurate, but the speed, brightness and accuracy of all Snarks are very, very good. I own many tuners, and clip ons of many other brands. The Snark is by far my favorite. There is no close second. overallrating 5   lineend
name Sledman review I've been playing guitar for over 25 years and been through many different style of tuners. This is by far the best I've ever had. Not only is it accurate and easy to use, but it's so convenient! Simply clip it to the head of the guitar, press the only button on the unit and start tuning. Also, unlike other tuners I've used, this tuner does a great job of filtering/ignoring ambient noise in the room. I can actually tune my guitar while having a conversation, even with the TV on in the room!Pro's:- Vibrant , easy to read display- No need for cords, chargers even when used on electric guitars/bass.- Simple one button activation- Lightweight - I leave it on my classical guitar all the time, especially after restringing.- Auto Shutoff (also can manually shut it off, just press the one button a second time)- Works for Guitar and Bass (both acoustic and electric) and violin - Also works on my Ukulele!Con's:Wish I had this 20 years ago!Bottom Line:This is a no-brainer. The price, quality and easy of use make it a must have for any guitarist. overallrating 5   lineend
name Straydogger review I really and suprisingly like this little gadget. It works great on my electric and acoustic guitars and really is quite accurate. overallrating 4   lineend
name SVT4001 review This is a very accurate tuner. I have used it on mandolins, guitars, violins and violas, and double bass. They are a little hard on batteries, but not overly so.Highly recommend! overallrating 5   lineend
name Tabasco24 review  I love the small size of this tuner, and it clips on to the guitar headstock firmly. The tuner picks up vibrations, so it doesn't require a silent room to tune an acoustic guitar. There's just one button, so it's idiot-proof. However, the button can get pushed to easily, so sometimes the tuner is on in my guitar case, running the battery out too soon.Speaking of battery, the smallness of the tuner necessitates a small battery, but I hate that they used the CR2032 battery. It just doesn't last long, and in Brazil, it's really hard to find this battery at all. overallrating 4   lineend
name tj review I own the SN-8, which btw, is the best tuner I've ever used. I bought this bc it said it was made specifically for bass frequencies & violin. So I wanted to use this w my acoustic bass and violin. I was also intrigued by the &#34;tighter&#34; tuning aspect of the bars on this. Let me tell you, if it worked, the bars may have been a cool feature, but when you are fine-tuning an A string and it tells you you are on E (when you know you are on A bc the other tuners all say A, and it matches the piano), then there is a problem. I could not find any way to re-calibrate the thing, so it looks like it's just defective. The one I received was completely useless.I am amazed at the great SN-8...I am disappointed in this thing. I must have just received a dud (I hope, since these usually get good reviews), but I will be returning this since it absolutely does not work correctly. On the flip side, I will be getting another SN-8 in it's place, since I know those are great tuners & I love the one I already have. overallrating 1   lineend
name Tobias L Merriman review They still work years later.  I've had to change a few batteries but they last a long time.  Fabulous tuner.  Even works on a stand-up bass.  Just clip it onto the bridge.  Excellent product. overallrating 5   lineend
name trebe review I love my Snark SN5 tuner.  It works smoothly without any issues, and allows me to tune my guitar swiftly and accurately.  All you need to do is clamp the tuner to the headstock, and it is ready to go.  The SN5 is smaller than I expected, but the multicolored meter is easily readable, and the meter can adjusted so that it can be seen clearly from any position.Using the color coded meter, you can tell whether a string is flat or sharp, and adjust the string tension accordingly.  With a little practice, tuning becomes a quick and easy process.  The unit is powered by a CR 2032 battery, which generally has a long life.Although the clamp has rubber pads, apparently the finishes of certain guitars could still be prone to damage.  The instructions states that the Snark is not recommended for guitars with the following finishes, polyurethane, French polish, and nitrocellulose lacquer.  Those with Gibson, Gretch, or Taylor guitars may want pay particular attention to this warning.  I have had no problems using this tuner on Kramer, Ibanez, Charvel, Epiphone, and ESP guitars.  The tuner also works for bass guitars and violins.  I do not have either of those instruments, but I imagine the tuner would work much the same.As there are a number of guitar tuners that attach to the headstock, it took me a little while to decide on the SN5.  Even after eliminating tuners by D'Addario and Planet Waves, selecting the SN5 wasn't that simple, as Snark makes a number of similar tuners.  I am completely satisfied with the SN5, and believe that it fully deserves a 5 star rating.  It is also the least expensive, of the tuners I was considering buying.  If the finish of your guitar isn't an issue, you may find the Snark to be very helpful. overallrating 5   lineend
name Vyrys review I love this tuner... I have other similar models, and they are all great.don't hesitate to get one.These are three times as high at guitar center.  how ridiculous.ok.. this may sound silly, but just to let you know you can do it.if you hold a stick or something similar touching your throat, and clip this tuner to it, you can tune your voice with it.even holding your thumb against your voicebox and clip this on your finger will do it.cracks me up, but fun to play with overallrating 5   lineend
name Wilhelmina Zeitgeist review  The Snark SN-5 Tuner for Guitar, Bass and Violin gives me spot on tuning. I especially love being able to tune with a silent tuner. When playing music with other musicians who are also tuning or warming up I don't have to be concerned with hearing myself pluck the strings of my guitar or violin while comparing the sound to a pitch pipe or keyboard. This tuner works by picking up the vibrations of my instrument.I decided to buy this tuner after another musician lent me his extra one during a jam session. I was really impressed with it and had to get one for myself ASAP! overallrating 5   lineend
name AMlevesque review works as it shoukd, better instructions could come with it with a larger size text. also how to open to replace battery as well as the specs on the battery are lacking. overallrating 4   lineend
name Bon review I've had two of these tuners, and they do a fine job as far as I can tell.  I lost one, and had to buy another one.  I also bought a much more expensive tuner, and I cannot see that it does a better job than this one.  I bought my first tuner like this one about 3 years ago, and the rubber pads kept falling off, but I have not had that problem with my new one. overallrating 5   lineend
name Chesslovenpyro review Before I bought this I had to use a tuner on my laptop. Now I just clip it on to my ukulele and tune it in a matter of seconds. I also really like how it senses the vibrations from the instrument. It doesn't matter how much noise there is in the room, it still tunes perfectly every time. overallrating 5   lineend
fileend